We stopped by this F&E yesterday to pick up something for lunch... at first glance, I thought I was in love... but then I looked deeper and realized that there are a few things they could add to make it better.  You know, kind of like when you are set up on a blind date, you hear great things about this person, you see them and your psyched... and then they start talking and they're either dumber than a doornail or completely boring.  That's kind of how I felt.Like Kelly said, it's clean and easy to navigate.  I love how they have a combination of organic as well as regular name brand items including soda, gum. dog food, cleaning products, etc... Prices weren't bad compared to other grocery stores either.  Much cheaper than Whole Foods and AJ's I believe...My suggestion would be to add a little bit more to the sandwich and salad selection and also to have some kind of ready-to-go tuna and/or chicken salad.  We settled on hummus and each got a field green salad and a package of pita bread.  Which brings me to the next suggestion - add tables outside for those that want to eat there!Other than that, I was impressed... and the service was wonderful.  Several employees helped us navigate through the store and the friendly fellow who checked us out even gave us a coupon to save $5!We took our purchase to a park nearby and had a picnic... it was really fresh and we enjoyed our lunch.  Very cute how they stick a little fork and napkin in as well - nice touch.  We'll be back for sure!
I hate this place. Seriously  hate this place. I have been coming here for 10 years and they still tell me restrooms are for customers. Never mind that I work at Chase, I'm wearing a badge and a collared shirt and purchasing an ice tea...I'm probably not a customer...I'm probably a crazy vagrant that is going to poop on the floor in the bathroom, yea I said  it, but it wasn't me....It must have been the last person they let use it.. A real customer. Disgusting.. The food here sucks. Their bagels are stale, their eggs are not from a chicken, I don't know where they are from.. Maybe a giraffe (ok the banana bread is good but that's it), their drinks are over priced. And even though the chick behind the counter looks like she is on crack, she must not be, because she certainly can muster the energy to wipe down the counter.  AND THE COFFEE SUCKS!
I've been to this part of Gilbert before to eat at other restaurants in the area, but finally made it to the Farmhouse this morning for brunch.  I've been meaning to come here for some time, but seem to make it after its closed!My friend and I pulled up for a very late breakfast, and the place was hopping. Its located immediately next door to Liberty market, and there was a line outside waiting to get in.  The place is small, so there's no waiting inside.  Also, when we got here, I found out from another customer that we had to put our own names on the waiting list! I don't mind waiting, but had no clue that we had to sign our own names!  Anyways, it was only about a 20 minute wait or so, but we were starting to get hot, so we finally got a seat in the shade near the misters once the crowd started to thin out.Inside, the place is small, but the seating seems fair.  No hanging out in the aisles, or else you block the servers!  Despite being crazy busy, we were waited on almost immediately.  No problems there.  Service was quick and efficient, and at one point I think we counted 7 servers!  Menu is full of selection, a little bit of everything.  I went with the #19 omelette, which was loaded full of veggies and cheese. Spinach, cheese, tomatos, etc. It came with some tasty hash browns and two huge slices of toast! My friend with the big john (I think, I can't remember) and he loved it! He also got the chocolate milk and it looked really good.Anyways, I would love to return as the food was really good and service seemed to be top notch.  The only sucky thing is really waiting outside.  Go here if you can. Seems to be a really original type place.
The food is good.  Place was dead.   They even called us to ask us to move our reservation earlier so that they could close at 9.The business itself has issues.  We bought on Travelocity a $140 meal "deal" for $69.   When we got there, it ends up it is a limited menu, three courses with three choice each.  Actually the waiter said this is a "sampling menu".  When we added up the deal, even if we ordered the most expensive 3 options, it only came up to $64.  Then you take away that these were much smaller portions, it becomes clear that this certainly is not a deal.  Then they added a 18% tip.   So, food was good but business is deceptive.
Let me make your life real easy here.  When you get lucky later, you can thank me. =)First, start off  with the Il Tagliere - Antipasto, meat, cheese and fruit board.  Or the mixed vegetables.  mmm.  Course 1 = success.Then move on to the Caprese Salad - So fresh!   The smell itself is intoxicating.  Course 2 = winner. Pizza time! From the Pizza Bianche: Siena - mozzarella and zucchini, topped with spek andpecorino cheese.    ahhh!  the cheese, the crunch of the zucchini.  Spek (or hold this if you aren't a fan of spek, i like it both ways).    Course 3 =  Ding Ding! From the Pizza Rosse: Diavola - tomato sauce, mozzarella andspicy salame.   You simply can't go wrong here.  Don't forget dessert! Crepe -  I suggest the Fresca, but you really can't go wrong with any crepe on the menu.   Course 4 = HeavenlyThey have a great wine selection.  I suggest the 1/2 bottle of Moscato d' Asti if you like wines of a sweeter, bubbly nature.  Be prepared to fall in love.  The food, the atmosphere, great service.... this is a great little house-turned-restaurant in Central Phoenix.  It was built in the early 1900s and they have done a wonderful job with the decor.  Sitting out on the patio under the sparkling white lights in the trees is a great way to add a little magic to your date night.  If you take your special someone out for dinner here, I promise that your lucky night will end just the way you hope...  Ladies and Gentlemen...you are welcome.  hehe ;-)
I walked into Firebirds and realized that I had been to a Firebirds before at Arrowhead a few years ago. I immediately began to be nervous because I couldn't remember my last visit, which probably meant that I stuffed it down deep into my subconscious never to be discussed again. Possibly.Our reservation was for 5:45pm, but I arrived early to have some drinks with friends. I was greeted by the hostess who was friendly enough. I informed her that I had arrived early to have some drinks at the bar before being seated for dinner. She found my reservation, noted that I was here and welcomed us. We sat down at the bar and were immediately offered a drink. My friend and I were struck by the beautiful display of pineapple slices sitting in vodka. Very pretty and inspiring. We ordered their pineapple martinis. YUM! A little on the sweet side, but still very delicious and intoxicating. We sat and chatted for a while at the pretty bar. Our bartender was very friendly and unobtrusive. One thing that I did notice is that the hostesses were a little unprofessional. They were horsing around, giggling, and chatting loudly. A bit annoying, but they were young girls. After two of those yummy martinis, it was time for dinner.Our party of 5 was seated at a round table in the center of the dining room. We were greeted by our server Brittany who took our drink orders and delivered water and lemons with speed. We informed her that we were there for the Phoenix Restaurant Week menu. She took the time to make recommendations off of the Restaurant Week menu and suggested wines to go with each of them.  Ahh my dinner...I ordered the Espresso Rubbed Sirloin rare. The steak came with Potatoes Au Gratin. I was a little nervous ordering a sirloin steak because they tend to be a little tough due to the "cheapness" of the meat. I figured I was in a place that prides themselves on steaks and decided to give their "cheap" steak a shot. It's a good way to test a steakhouse. They should be able to make a shoe taste delicious.When the meal was served, my rare (still moo'in) steak got served to someone else. So I sent my steak back for a rare one. I am SO glad that I sent it back for the steak I wanted. The steak was absolutely gorgeous and delicious. It was not tough at all! The rub that was on it was a little peppery for my taste but it's a personal preference for me. The Potatoes Au Gratin weren't good. They were a little too Velveeta for my taste. It would have been nice if they used some sharp cheddar or something like that instead. I ended up eating my friend's poblano mashed potatoes with my steak. Fantastic! The mashed potatoes were very spicy and went great with my savory steak! I hope they are a regular side. They're phenomenal! The dessert I chose was the Peaches and Cream Bread Pudding Cupcake with Bourbon White Chocolate Sauce. It seemed I chose the right dessert for the night because my other friends did not like the other choices for dessert at all. By the time I got my dessert, I was full, but the bites that I did take were delicious! It was a subtle peach flavor with a great sauce I wanted to eat the whole thing but my stomach just wouldn't do it. Brittany gladly wrapped everyones leftovers and put them in a to go bag. She was so quick and effiecient. Very impressive!I am so glad I didn't dredge up any repressed memories of a horrible dining experience at Firebirds. In fact, the "mmm's and oooh's" that were being uttered were very familiar. It was nice getting reacquainted with such a great restaurant! I don't know why I didn't keep in touch, but I plan on going for regular visits from now on!
Good enough for us to go back when we're feeling lazy but not good enough to rave about it.It's fast, convenient and decent.And impossible to take a piss in. Seriously. 1 stall for like, 40-70 customers. I swear every time I need to take a leak or wash my hands, someone's in there--writing a novel on the crapper or something . . .
Came here for dessert recently and was a little disappointed with the selection.  Yes, the place is very adorable and I always appreciate the locally grown concept.  Nonetheless, for a bakery I would have expected more options such as cakes, brownies, cupcakes, etc.  Sarah G and I shared the variety pack, consisting of five mini-desserts which we cut in half and amounted to 1-2 bites each.  The first thing I noticed was that everything was cold to the touch.  I prefer fresh out of the oven as opposed to fresh out of the refrigerator.  Still, I enjoyed the Russian tea cookie and the mini-muffin.  The "macaroon" is actually two wafer-thin 'macaroons' with 1/2 inch of frosting in between, so all you taste is frosting.  The rich double-chocolate cookie was my favorite thing in the box but would have been better if it hadn't been refrigerated.  Most people eating there were having lunch items (salads, sandwiches, etc.) that looked pretty good.  Maybe I'll go for lunch someday, although someone said the sandwiches are pre-made, which doesn't sound too appealing.
I am such a customization freak when it comes to food, so I get really really excited whenever we go to a place that let's me pick out all of my toppings, no matter how weird they seem to be.  The husband and I actually only came here because Baby Kay's was closed, but that was perfectly fine with me.  We had actually been here once before when we were first dating and we had breakfast here.  I remember it being pretty good.The menu offers you quite a few options.  There are salads, preset pizza flavors, and then the oh-so-awesome make your own pizza exactly the way you want it option.  Obviously I chose the latter.  First I had to choose between a white, wheat, or gluten-free pizza crust.  I chose wheat.  Then you can pick a seasoning.  I went for Italian.  Then you get a sauce choice, I chose alfredo but there were like 7 other options.  Then comes the cheese, and I picked the white cheese mix, which is a combo of mozzarella, provolone, and parmesan.  Finally, the toppings.  There are so many to choose from it's amazing.  I limited myself to mushrooms, asparagus, italian sausage, and bacon.  Let me tell you, this pizza was amazing.  It may not be your dream, but it was heaven to me.I love this place, it's totally awesome.  It's hard to go wrong when you customize something exactly for yourself.  Definitely give this place a try sometime, it's totally worth it.
if ninja is the suckiest place to eat japanese, then kabuki is the welcomed breath of fresh air that i needed.  usually when you go to the new fancy shmancy over-the-top decor restaurants the food is lacking.  much to my surprise, this place was decent.  we ordered sushi and entrees (i forgot to take pix) and it was really decent tasting semi-fusion-ish japanese food.a bit on the pricey side but at least it tasted pretty good.  where ninja's keystone cop waitresses lacked, kabuki waitresses did very well.  they were appropriately attentive, nice, but not hovering or annoying.  we had the 5'10'' former WNBA waitress who was pleasant and cordial.i know that the tempe mktplace is taking a lotta hits on how crappy it is but i was pleasantly surprised at the outdoor mall area.  there's this cool conversation pit by a gas fireplace in front of barnes and noble.  very family friendly and hopping on a friday nite.  my 15 m/o daughter was mesmerized by the water fountains and dancing water displays.  8 months of the year this place would be a great place to walk and hang out.  i hope it doesn't become a 1 hit wonder and fall to the way of the other malls of the past.
Really good Chinese food in Arizona is very hard to find.  Being from NYC, I've heard native Arizonans and mid-westerners say how good certain Chinese food restaurants are and go to it only to find that it's mediocre at best, with food being absolutely tasteless.  Not so for Jade Palace.  The food is absolutely wonderful!  I've tried many dishes and have not been disappointed once.  The house egg foo young is second to none and it's always difficult to not order it and try something else.  My wife is a vegetarian and loves anything with tofu here.  I have a niece from the east coast who insists that the chicken and broccoli is first rate.  Nothing is oily or tasteless, as has been the case with other Chinese restaurants that I've tried in the Phoenix metropolitan valley, nor is anything overly salty or over-cooked.  The wait staff is professional, knowledgeable and friendly, and the maitre d (or owner, not sure which) comes around to make sure everything is exactly as you'd like it to be, making you feel like a regular.  Very nice touch.  Prices vary from moderate to slightly expensive, but it's all worth it.  We love the outdoor patio year round (heat lamps in the winter, misters in the summer) and very much enjoy the landscaped pond as well as the colorful, festive view of the outdoor patio of Jalapeno Inferno across the way.
The first thing I warn people about is the slow service.    Even on the rare days when the place isn't hopping, they tend to ignore and avoid customers at all costs.  The food takes awhile to prepare, but they're awful about checking in to make sure things are alright in the meantime.  I've started ordering at the bar and moving to a table to avoid waiting twenty minutes for someone to pay attention.  Everyone is upbeat and friendly, just inattentive.The food easily makes up for lackluster service.  If you go in anticipating it, you're golden.  The chicken is a bit dry, but otherwise, I have absolutely no complaints.  The food is stellar and sometimes a pasty is the only thing that will hit the spot.My favorite, by far: Rosemary Steak.  Steak, potatoes, brie, red bell peppers wrapped in a soft, warm pastry is my idea of heaven.  The vegetarian options are also fantastic.The biggest surprise on the menu is the peanut butter and raspberry jelly pasty.  It's located on the dessert menu and comes with whipped cream by default.  I'm far from a peanut butter and jelly connoisseur and I can rarely stand raspberry, but this is worth passing around. I never knew something this simple could be that amazing.
To say I don't get the appeal of Chino Bandido would be an understatement.I don't really need to say anything about this place...just look at the picture above! That's what the food looks like!  Need I really say more?Well, I'm going to:OK, so they serve both Mexican and Chinese food. SO WHAT? It's not even like they serve a hybrid of Mexican and Chinese food. You know, if they served Kung Pao enchiladas, that might be interesting, but this is just Chinese food and Mexican food next to eachother in the same aluminum takeout bowl (yes, even if you'e not taking out). Oh, and by the way, did I mention it's SHITTY Chinese and Mexican food. That being said, if you love Panda Express, you might like the Chinese food at Chino Bandido. If you like super-over-fried, heartburn-enducing flavorless cardboard, you might like their Mexican food. And If you like using plastic silverware to try and cut through said cardboard as it sits in said aluminum take-out bowl while countless shirtless 10-year-olds drool over every dirty inch of your favorite restaurant, then this might just be your favorite restaurant.On the plus side, they give you a free cookie.
After consulting the Great and Knowledgeable RAND...my plus one  and I went out to Talking Stick for our bimonthly  Mommy -Daddy Date night . This night's excursion was all about Talking Stick. We wanted to see if it was worth having a stay-cation there. First off Low Carb  heaven here folks!!   If I jump back on the Low Carb band wagon again this will be my Mecca.   Prime Rib, big sweet shrimp, lovely oysters ( actually better than we have had at Durant's and Bandeaux..seriously. ) Loads of fresh salad bar faves, like blue cheese , choice olives, mushrooms, bacon , nuts  etc. They also had a cheese / lox/ fresh fruit area that looked super healthy  , I must tell you the Kobe beef was very delicious and I wish I had had that first instead when I was full.  They also had some uninspiring Asian food and a pizza area..not necessary  for me but I guess somebody would like it. Desserts were good ..not stellar , but pretty tasty,  they had some great gelatos, and cute little Brulees, fruit tartlets, good banana and coconut pies ..THE WORST ...surprise, the   Cheesecake, it was sticky, sweet peanutty..what's up with  that!? the had an interesting fruit bread puddingish  dessert that reminded me of desserts I had in Germany...yum.Service was great , drinks were refilled way before they emptied , good service, nice staff.   We will be back ...In my book 25.00 was worth it. Want to make it 5 stars..give me tender Prime Rib and tastier Desserts.
OK, confession time, here's how my last few trips to Phoenix have gone...Local Client:  Hey buddy, your flight gotten in yet?Me (Scarfing Carolina's within minutes of landing):  NOM NOM, just arrived...NOM NOM...20 minutes ago...NOM NOM..."Order 1536! 1536!"Local Client:  Why does it sound like you're eating burritos in the barrio?I love, love this place.  I look forward to the fresh tortillas and amazing burritos almost as much as the Phoenix weather in the winter.  My hands down favorites are the green chile burro and chorizo potato burro, but I'd probably take anything they threw my way.  My coworker tried one red chile beef and one machaca and couldn't stop raving about them to anyone who would listen.  And to think he looked at me like I was crazy when we first rolled up to a cement building in the 'hood for a quick business lunch!For those who might be put off by the location / atmosphere I say: live a little.   Nothing is going to happen to you, except you'll witness business guys in suits, blue collar workers, and neighborhood families alike enjoying the most mind-blowing burritos they've ever had.
"The truth is inside" states the wooden plaque mounted above the unassuming entrance to Kaz Bar.  My first time walking in here felt like going to a speakeasy, and I was to be the newly appointed member to its secret society.  From Stetson one could easily pass it and not know it was there.  "Like all good speakeasys, the entrance is hidden in the rear"I have been coming here for 7 years.  Many first dates, even my mother has shared a spot at the bar with me.When passing into the realm of truth, one immediately forgets Phoenix and the sunshine.  One is transported to a darker and sultrier place.It smells of flatbreads and wine. One may feel teleported to a gothic 17th century wine cellar in Eastern Europe.Lazy, high backed couches fill the room, large rustic tables accomodate larger groups in an adjoining partition.  Wine barrels, wood, and stone line its walls.  A fireplace and candle light brings the right amount of ambiance and mysticism.Picking up their wine list is like opening a Reader's Digest.  Wine by the bottle or wine by the glass, this place has over 3000 selections from all over the globe. They offer Iiventive wine flights ranging from Cherry Blossom Chinese to Sparkling Red Shiraz..  Rare wines, fine wines, even Transylvanian wines are found here (fangs included).  You can sample anything here, you can make special requests.  The list of spirits is extensive as well.  From Eastern European cocktails, to Grappa, to potato vodka, to Belgian beer, all is represented here to provide its visitors the ultimate bacchinalia.The bartenders are very knowledgeable, so a seat at the bar is worth coming here if you are new to imbibing wine and spirits.  Best time to show is after they open at 6p, or on Tuesday nights.Why, you say?  This little speakeasy also happens to have a lively music scene.  Sundays, Mondays, and Thursdays there is live music.  Be hypnotised and seduced by Flamenco on Sundays, and be wooed and wowed by local jazz legend,Margot Reed, on Mondays.if wine and jazz are not satisfying enough, the noshes served here until 2a will make you feel complete.   Cheese fondue, cheese and bread plates, antipasto, polish sausages, and mouth watering egyptian flatbreads are the perfect complement to your wine.  I have a deep and burning passion for the flavor combinations on this particular kind of flatbread served here: Baja chipotle-orange rock shrimp, buffalo mozzarella, pepitas, smoked gouda, cilantro.....brilliant!If you want to seduce your date by way of chocolate, I recommend the Bittersweet Chocolate OR Fleur De Sel Caramel Fondue, which comes with housemade marshmallows, passion fruit cream puffs, pound cake, coconut macaroons, and fruits.  Pure decadence.  Pure bacchinalia.  I mean, I think this is the way that the god of wine would have wanted it....
One WORD comes to mind...FLIES!!! (FYI we were inside not on the patio)  The whole dinner was spent swatting at the nasty creatures.  Seriously, no exaggeration THE WHOLE DINNER was one hand swatting away flies and one hand trying to eat.  Evidently the little buggers can not resist steamed mussels. ( I will get to the food part of my review in a second)   Also, I am not a big fan of mandatory valet parking.   No wait, I am pretty sure I don't like mandatory ANYTHING when I go out to eat.   Not even the having to pay part, but I have come to accept this as normal now when dining out.   OK, on to the food.   I thought the food was AWESOME.  The aforementioned mussels were plump and cooked to perfection.  We had a wood-fired pizza with fresh dough that was yummy.   There is this thing called a Chef's Board that I highly recommend (If you are still bent on going in the first place) The dessert was a warm Nutella cake with vanilla gelato and coffee cream with bits of coffee bean in it. Now THAT was a delicious way to end a meal.   Our server was excellent as well.  Bottom line is: I am not going back and I am saddened by that since the food was so good and so was my server.
Not sure why this Dave and Buster's is classified as a Jillians Restaurant, but whatever.Work conferences can be ok, but once the workday ends, what is there to do?  I couldn't go back home, obviously, so I went searching in my rental.  Luckily, across the street from the JW Marriott there was a Dave and Busters.Ok, so I am used to the D&Bs in both Milpitas and San Diego.  I'm talking crowded, like you have yell at someone 1 foot away from you if you need to talk to them.  Crowded like if you show up after 6pm, the wait for a table at the restaurant is over an hour.  Crowded like you have to throw some elbows around to get a drink.  Oh yeah, and if you show up after 10pm, there is that silly $5 cover charge.  This is absolutely not the case at this D&B.We got there on a Wednesday, so when we checked this place out the first night, I expected it to be empty, and it was.  Fine.  We went Thrusday night, a semi-party night, but again, it was pretty much empty.  Ok.  Friday night rolls around.  This is a party night in any big city, but AGAIN, not much of a crowd.  Saturday night had a slightly higher turnout, but still pretty much an open house.Though it was a little disappointing at first, I came to realize this was a blessing in disguise.  I could walk in at any time, sit at a booth and get served right away.  If I needed credits for my card, I could walk up immediately to a machine and get it recharged.  If there were any games I wanted to play, no lines.  It truely was beautiful.After flipping through their elaborate drink menu, I settled for "The Shizzle."  Thank you Snoop Dogg for placing that suffix into everyday vocabulary.  Anyway, "The Shizzle" did taste great, so props for appropriate use of the word.The one bad memory I had was that my stuffed animal got jacked while I was playing a basketball game.  I wanted to get something for my baby, so I must have pumped at least $10 into that crane/claw game.  Each time the claw decends, grips onto the prize, but then slips out of its grasps encouraged me to keep trying.  Addicting.  After my first one was jacked, I was determined to get another.  With an amazing twist of fate, I got three in one try, so after that I called it a night.Oh yeah, and now that I think about it, I think we got ripped off because we always came at happy hour, but I think they charged us full price for drinks.  Just a tip, always ask for an itemized receipt.
Overpriced and service is not friendly. You can buy cheaper indian groceries at Lee Lee's Oriental Market.
Ever go to a movie that everyone has been talking about because it is suppose to be the best ever.  I came here yesterday with really high expectations but to tell you the truth I don't have a place that serves my favorite fried chicken....or waffles for that matter.  The food was good, but I just couldn't get out of my head that it wasn't all that.  The chicken was very crispy but I wish it had more seasoning on it or something.  The waffles were pretty good but I really wasn't in the mood for that at lunch anyway.  The atmosphere was really cool, very casual and very clean, the pictures on the wall were neat and the service was great.  I don't want to downplay this place but maybe I need to come back and order something else.
Italian Eatery? What? I thought this was just a pizza place. Oh  yeah, they do offer baked ziti and salads and lasagna, so I guess it is an eatery. I like Sbarros for two reasons. When I lived in Dallas, this was my place to stop by at the mall and watch all the ice skaters on the ice rink, fall, break their bones, noses etc. It reminds me of the good ol times when I didn't have all the worries of the world and actually had time to have a good laugh. Sigh~. The second reason I like Sbarros is because of their Mushroom Pizza! Yum. The taste is completely different than any other mushroom pizza I have ever eaten but having said, it has a nice buttery aftertaste which is what I look forward to each time I bite into that thing and it never disappoints. The pizza slices itself are pretty large for me to handle so I always ask for them to slice'em in half. I know, such a girl!The baked ziti is good too. You can order the baked ziti as a side or as an entree. Okay, so here comes the minus two stars part. The last time I went to this place, there were three servers working behind the counter. All I wanted was a slice of mushroom pizza and a little baked ziti for my little'un. Well, they wouldn't have any of it. I felt like I was seriously trying to be up sold for the entree, and then the salad, and then the large drink and then the combo. It kept going on and on from all three of the servers. I think one of them was the boss and they were seriously trying to reel me in. I really don't like that feeling and hey, all I wanted was a slice of pizza. I felt like i was at a car dealership for a second there. Will I go back here for another slice? Sure. If they try to up sell me again, probably not the next time.
Welcome to Houston's with a happy Hillstone hat on! One thing that always bothered me about the former Houston's was how dark and dreary it could be, but that is definitely not the case with Hillstone. I absolutely love the architecture, location and openness of this building. It's fresh and airy with plenty of large windows, an open patio, and rock finishing. The restaurant seating isn't cramped and you've got plenty of room to relax and enjoy the meal with those you came with and not 20 other strangers. Before I got to Hillstone, I read up on the yelp reviews and noticed Kat S's note about the ice cubes. So, when I sat down and ordered my Diet Coke, the first thing I glanced at were the ice cubes and Kat's right! They are old fashioned and pretty great! They are the type of ice cubes they place in whiskey to make sure they don't crush when they are dropped in, but I also think they make the soda pour without fizzing up. So now I will move on to the meal. The reviews are right in saying that this is exactly like the Houston's menu but with a nice improvement. I ordered the rotisserie chicken sandwich with the couscous. Warning: the sandwich is huge and way too big for one lunch, but that could be a good thing if you want to have the other half for lunch. We didn't have dessert but I glanced at the menu and while they have several of the Houston's signatures, I think they should add apple crisp to the list. I will definitely be back to Hillstone and think this is a nice addition to the area.
Oh my, I truly hate to do this, but my visit to Da Vang was horrid! After reading all the lovely reviews I was so excited to take my husband and child to a place near our new digs, to prove that we hadn't moved far away from good food experiences. We knew that the outside was a strip mall locale, we don't care. We knew the inside was going to look like it did, we don't care. We go to places because of food, service and price. When we went they were working on the one entrance so we entered on the far side. There were two people eating and a few children running about playing. My first thought was great, this is a friendly, family place and light crowd would mean attentive service. We didn't know if we should seat ourselves, so we walked to the silverware table where we saw menu's and stood for a moment.  Three times servers walked right past us and ignored our presence. Other workers were in the kitchen area, but no one noticed us. I whispered, "Maybe we should get menus and just sit down?" So we took three menu's and as I turned around one of the servers came up and made motion for us to sit right there at this huge circle table.  A very large table, but we slid into the corner and he took drink orders from us then dissappeared.We sat. We sat some more. He walked by twice carrying water. Another server walked by twice, once with food, once with dishes. They greeted two more tables and brought them menus and took their orders. A server came and poured three water glasses for our table and I interrupted him asking about our drink order. He said something I didn't understand and turned away.  We sat. Finally I said, "Excuse me, please..." I got the attention of a different server and we asked about our drink order which he took again and we didn't want to wait any longer and gave our food order as well. Just in case they'd never come back. I told the server we were new to this cuisine and would need some help. My husband just wanted to leave. I coerced him to stay, it's going to be fabulous Pho I said remembering the wonderful Yelp reviews. The food would soothe him. I smiled smugly. We ordered several dishes all recommended in Yelp reviews. Spring rolls, two Pho's and the Ban Xeo for my egg and shrimp loving child.15 minutes later two drinks and some plates of leaves and garnishes were placed on the table. No drink for me and no way to get the garnish plate persons attention. We sat. "Are we supposed to eat these," asked my husband?  I said , "I believe they go in the soup when it comes." But after another 15 minutes of nothing else arriving, he started to make a mini salad. Several more tables had come in, everyone else had their food. The two tables who came after us were finishing up."This is Bullshit, " I muttered to my husband, and just then the crepe and the Pho's came out. I was starting to see a trend here. Just when you get to the point where you want to leave they finally do something to make you stay. We were starving and we didn't want to drive around for another place, just eat and go at this point. It was getting late. I hadn't eaten my garnishes so I shared them with my husband. My daughter's crepe was extra crispy bordering on too dark and she didn't know how to eat it, so she sort of plucked the little shrimps she found out of it.  "It's not egg mom", she said all grumbly. "It's Vietmanese egg I said, " as if I knew.  "Well then I don't like Vietmanese food." Sigh. Maybe she would like and try the spring roll? Or some of my soup? The sping roll, one nibble. She didn't appreciate it, which was ok with me becuase I loved them.My husbands Pho was full of fatty gristle meat and he w/couldn't eat any of it.  My Pho was wonderful! My garnishes made it very tasty. So I fed my daughter some Pho, but she wasn't too fond of that either.The only real consolation was the price. It cost about $25 for everything we got and everything we didn't.Maybe I can get someone from Yelp who loves Da Vang to come with us next time and show us how the experience is SUPPOSED to be, becuase I can't imagine this is what people are raving over. Sorry. They get two stars for having a low price and food *I* liked, but I can't give them any more than that.
Again Fox Concepts hits the mark with a fancy restaurant.  Lets inspect this place from the floor to the beautiful ceiling, Inside a mall? Well not any mall, this is Scottsdale Fashion Square, a spot for the local Scottsdale folk, their fancy outfits and the never ending  tourists.  This place can host exclusive private party for the movers and shakers of Arizona as well offer a great lunch menu for the common foodie. A few things worth trying,Apps, don't skip the apps here, the chief does a great job creating great sample dishes.  I could not get enough of the crab, or was it the super clarified butter, go for it if your remember anything this app is nothing short of amazing.  I can't forget the Steak,If you know your steaks this is not a bad place to stop by, but don't come here on a tight budget you'll miss out.Fox Concepts branding continues.  Kevin
A few weeks ago, I probably would have hooked Scramble up with a 5-star update, but they did something to piss me off and the service has been a bit sour lately.I really love and appreciate how accommodating for vegans they are. I love the soyrizo scramble with nutritional yeast and the garlic chili chaluhla sauce. I smother it and it tastes sooooo good that I crave it all week long. I know others enjoy the sauce too because the bottles are always being used, but for some ungodly known reason Scramble decided to stop providing the sauce. WTF man??? The cashiers don't seem to be especially knowledgeable about the products and it generally takes 2x as long to order a vegan meal than it does a normal meal.They also recently started putting in bigger chunks of green bell pepper which I think really detracts from the taste. I have also been jipped on my avocado twice now, and my English Muffin barely toasted. I have to admit, the french toast and the English Muffin (when cooked right) have a special place in my soul! And there is nothing better that vegan butter  being readily available.More knowledgeable cashiers, quicker bus service on a busy day, and a re-introduction of the chili garlic sauce and you will have me back. As for now, I'm so mad about the discontinuation that I cannot even look at you!
I just had a terrible experience at La Piccola Cucina!I've been to this restaurant several times in the past and enjoyed the home-style cooking.  Needless to say, I was very excited when a voice daily deal came out that allowed me to purchase a $30 food voucher for $15!This place is on my way home from work, so I saved the coupon for a night that I was working late - excited to grab some delicious takeout on the way home.One of the servers was in the middle of taking my order when the owner of the restaurant saw that I had the coupon.  He snatched it angrily out of my hand shouting "this is only good for 2 people dining in - not take out!"  I informed him that this restriction was not stated anywhere on the coupon that I had purchased and he shouted back, "I don't care!  That's the way it's always been!"  In a restaurant full of other diners, the shouting continued until I was embarrassed enough to leave...I just can't believe how completely rude and belligerent he was to me - In my opinion, this is no way to ever treat your valued customers.I will be demanding a refund on my coupon and won't be returning to this restaurant again.
This is the first day of my lifeI swear I was born right in the doorway (side door not front entrance)I went out in the rain suddenly everything changedThey're making burritos within my reachYours is the first face that I sawI think I was bland before I met youNow I don't know where I amI don't know where I've beenBut I know where I want to go (Los Compadres)And so I thought I'd let you knowThat lunch specials take a couple minutesI especially am slowBut I realize that I need LosAnd I wondered if I could come home (side door not front entrance)Remember the time you drove all nightJust to feed me in the morning (two bean burritos with cheese)And I thought it was strange you said everything changedYou felt as if you'd just woke upAnd you said "this is the first day of my lifeI'm glad I didn't die before I fed youBut now I don't care I could go anywhere with youAnd I'd probably be happy"So if you want to eat with meWith this menu there's no tellingWe just have to wait and seeBut I'd rather be working for a paycheckThan waiting to win the lotteryBesides maybe this time is differentI mean I really think you like meWhen my face is stuffed full with a chimi
I was very impressed with my last visit here.  We arrived for an early lunch on a Friday and were quickly directed to a large booth.  Chips and salsa arrived within moments.  The chips were thin, crispy and warm, there were two salsas, a mild and a hot.  The mild was cool and refreshing and the hot was not hot at all.   I guess I should qualify this as I like hot food and mild to me typically will flame my family's tongues off.  Anyway, the stuff was mild in my opinion.Service was quick, un-intrusive and impeccable.  We had a waiter and a bus-person checking us frequently to make sure we had plenty of chips, salsa and drinks.  Big props for the service, it was exceptional.  I was having lunch with some of the young ladies from the office and they were a fun, easygoing crowd that fit right into the vibe here.  The dining room is open with booths around the edges and tables in the middle, not too crowded, and plenty of room for everybody.  The ladies mostly went with the lighter enchiladas and mini-tostadas, while I went for the big guns.  The "Lunch Pollo Magnifico" was your basic Pollo Fundido.  This is a deep-fried chicken burro, covered with a Jalepeno Cream Cheese, then a layer of Cheddar is melted over it.  This dish had a great (albeit mild) chicken flavor and the cream cheese and cheddar combined to add a cheesy overtone.  It was a bit dry, but that is the nature of this dish.  The beans were ok, nothing to rave about; I don't eat rice but it looked ok.Everybody enjoyed their meal,  We also had a side of guacamole which was fresh and flavorful and as usual, I had iced tea, which also was fresh and delicious.  The tab for me with tip was somewhere around $15, which is acceptable for a sit-down meal.  This was not a meal that would challenge your tast buds, or burn your lips, but it was a decent lunch-time nosh.
Mojo, Yogurtland, Yogurt City, Etc Etc Etc ... you can suck it. Golden Spoon is where it's at.Fat Free, Low Calorie, $4 for more than I can cram into my fat face.WINNER.
This place is tucked behind the busy streets of Dysart and McDowell.The environment is slightly dark but very comfortable, ambient music is very soothing and if you are a sports fan they offer a few HDTV at the main dining area as well as some more at the bar. The sushi price is a tad high if you order exotic items, which is why i only come during happy hours:Their happy hour is awesome, an array of appetizers/drinks/rolls for 50% of the regular menu price. I highly recommend Crazy roll, i normally get some spicy tuna roll with itThe servers are always helpful and nice, it's a great place to have sushi!
I had forgot how long it has been since I have updated a review. Pulled pork piled high on a fresh bun with some good bbq sauce...sounds like a good lunch to me. I have been cutting the amounts of food I eat and opted for the PPS with no sides. There was plenty of meat and bread for a lunch. They have opened the suite behind them to allow for additional seating. To be honest It looks like a kick ass place to have a get together or small party!The staff was great as usual. I appreciate that most of all.
Best gourmet Mexican food EVER. The key word is gourmet. If you want dirty Mexican go to La Toltecta. This is more high-end than is usually expected from tacos.They also have the best drinks EVER. Check out the drink menu. I recommend pretty much everything on it.
Amen & Hallelujah!  I finally made it to Cibo!  I can finally join the ranks of the other (almost) 400 Yelpers to post a review!After hearing SO much about it and working downtown for 10 years, it sure has taken me a long time to get there!  Even the deserted patio (at 5:30 on a Thursday in August) made me happy.  Walking inside, instantly greeted by a friendly host, followed by an equally friendly server.  Service was stellar, attentive, kind, informed, relaxed but not lazy, and suggesting menu items which I always appreciate.We decided on the special pizza of the night.  Pizza Marechiaro : Fresh Bufala Mozzarella, San Marzano Dop, Chopped basil and Sea salt!  Like a "super-margherita" the server said.  How could we NOT get it?  We also go the Pesto Salad which came with roasted potatoes, a light pesto dressing, and delicious bread to go with.The salad was delicious as was the pizza!  The ingredients were super fresh, the crust was the perfect amount of chewy, the prices were reasonable, and YES there was not a two hour wait to go with the food (even though, I still love the other place too!).  The only part that I didn't love was that the super fresh tomato-ey sauce made the crust a little droopy when I picked it up.  My favorite is a crispy crust that doesn't fall when you take a bite, but hey, small price to pay for perfection every where else.Even the tiny little flowers in the tiny little bud vase on the table made my day!  I can't wait to go back again . . . and again . . . and again.  Lucky me I work about a mile away!  You (may or may not) know me, I hardly give five stars on just one visit, but trust me, this has five stars written all over it!!
These guys can make a great pie!You know what I really love about them? You can walk in at any given time and they have a huge selection of slices. I am not talking about your boring pepperoni or cheese as your options, I am talking about chicken with roasted red peppers, buffalo chicken pizza, two kinds of Sicilian, white with tomato and many more.Certainly the best pizza in Ahwatukee, though that is not saying much. They do make my top 10 in AZ.They make a mean chicken parm slice. Grimaldi's needs to take a page out of their book to understand what chicken on a pizza is supposed to taste and look like.
Lola Coffee does it again!Already open approximately three weeks... and I didn't even realize that Lola had gone into this location (previously Calabria I believe).  I guess that shows how much time I spend in Downtown Phoenix.  (Not enough!)  The Gold Spot building that houses this Lola location has a lot of character and I especially love that there is plenty of parking in the area.  I also like that there is both indoor and outdoor seating.  And the reason that I'm giving this location four stars instead of just three? They have the best barista in town!  Jensy (formerly of Mama Java) is employed here.  While I had an iced tea today, I know first hand that Jensy makes damn good soy lattes!Now, if I don't get stood up for a meeting during my next visit to this Lola location, my experience will be even better!
Something is very wrong with the management of this store.In a handful of visits about 40% of the items I shopped for were extraordinarily over-expired. Canned food that expired 2-3 years ago... Ice cream that has sublimated down to about 80% of its original volume (this takes a very, very long time), etc... And it's not just a few of each item that is long expired. I have often had to sift through most of the inventory of a product to find a single non-expired item.Either the management is trying to cut losses and boost profits by unloading expired products on unsuspecting customers or the stocking staff at this store is phenomenally incompetent. Or both. Either way, the high volume of expired groceries at this store is not merely incidental.
OMG - eggs Benedict special was amazing!I usually try to eat somewhat well, sauce on the side, eat half, cancer causing sweetener.All that went out the window when i walked in there this morning.Luckily there was a short wait and it was a great day out!Put your name on the list by the door. Don't come into the restaurant unless you know you should - it's too small!!The staff is amazingly friendly and down to earth!We were seated promptly when called, got coffee and oj (order the double oj, small is really just a taste!)Hubby did the Hog and Chix - mmmm! Bacon looked amazing. Bread is thick cut and comes with fabulous strawberry rhubarb jelly. Mmmm!I did the Benedict and it was amazing - did i mention it was amazing?The sauce, oh the sauce.The hamThe home made english muffin - smothered in butter...  yes my arteries are clogging as i write this...  but wow!The home fries with the caramelized onions.The coffee with the organic raw sugar.Amazing!Cute little location. Limited parking - but we walked so it didn't effect us much.Short menu, but super yummy!
Collier CenterThe best way to get in and out of this place is to call your order in and pick it up.  If you don't work in the Collier Center or anywhere near, parking can be a real pain.  The sandwiches are always good, the cookies are always tasty.  The staff can be a bit iffy but it's obvious that the place gets slammed at lunch time and it's a bit of chaos.It's only opened M-F 6:30a-4p
It must be me or I just never order the right thing, not sure. Everyone I know that has ever mentioned the Duck tells me they like it. Yes I have been several times over the years. But a few days ago I was at our office which is on 7th ave just south of Thomas. I was really hungry and wanted something to eat, this in it self is kind of unusual as I can more than likely wait until the end of the day before I have to eat. Plus the fact I have enough fat on me to last a few months I would not be starving to death any time soon if I missed a meal or three. So I asked Bruce, you remember Bruce he is the guy I am always asking things when down at the office. I wanted something delivered as I wanted to stay in the office to get a contract ready for signing. The only place he could think of was the Duck, but he said he could go and get it much faster. So I said ok and gave him my card and told him to get what he wants and order me I think it is called the Ducky or something like that.  Man he was back much more quickly than I had expected him to be, so they must have been on the ball in making the food. But the food as I always find; just nondescript. NO discernable flavour just a mish mash of textures and blandness. So I can say I like the building, the quickness they have gotten my food out and the patio. I guess the folks are also nice, but do not remember them so they were not not nice. I just do not get the praise this place gets, I find much better food for less elsewhere. But hey it might just be me since I am of the minority on this subject.
I've found myself at Maizie's three times in the last two weeks, so you might be able to gather that I like it.  First and foremost, I enjoy their happy hour specials.  Five dollar select appetizers- including the infamous boneless buffalo chicken dip, as well as $3 beers and well spirits.  I'm a fan of a good happy hour special.  it runs the standard 3-6 hour.Other than the buffalo dip, I have enjoyed the Southwest Chicken Wrap which I thought was above average.  A little heavy on the guacamole (will have to ask for it on the side next time) but otherwise, enjoyable.  It wasn't $3 like everyones Monday night burger but that is the price I must pay for not eating beef.  Service has always been spot on (on my three visits), and I think it is cool that you can actually see Maizie wandering our, serving people.  There is something to be said when the actual namesake can be found in the restaurant doing the dirty work.  The servers smile a lot, and get you what you need in a timely manner.A note:  The Monday that we attended $3 burger night, Maizies was super packed.  We had a large party of six and ended up waiting close to an hour- so show up early for that cheap beef!
Yes, the line to order was long.Yes, the wait for the food was a good 15 minutes.  And, yes, the food was worth it!I had the Tuscan Chicken Sandwich.  The bread and the veggies were very fresh and the creamy balsamic was perfect.  Normally served on focaccia, but they were out so it was on a baguette.  Probably the softest baguette I've ever had; no scraping up the roof of my mouth!  The boy enjoyed the Pulled Pork Sandwich and we split a piece of the Pecan Pie.  YUMMY!!As far as the wait for the food goes, just get a piece of pie while you're in line and eat dessert first!  One note, you can't order salads from the register.  The salads in the cooler are the only ones they have.  Once they are out, they're out.  If you want a salad, you might want to go early, or at least before 1:30.  They serve lunch until 3:00.While we were eating, I witnessed one woman pull a plastic grocery bag out of her purse, then pull two baggies out of the plastic bag, and put the second half of her sandwich in the baggie and offer the other baggie to her friend.  I haven't quite decided if this is a genius move or a crazy-bag-lady move.   Either way, she was prepared!One thing that could have made my lunch at The Farm a five-star experience would be a nice glass of bubbly or crisp white wine to go with my lunch.  I'm sure the boy would have enjoyed a nice local brew with his pulled pork sandwich.Lunch at The Farm reminded me of my lunch at the Olive Mill except for the drinks (bummer) and the 45-minute drive (cool).  Yes, it was a great lunch!And, yes, we will be back!
Good trip at least onceTortilla Flat was a stop for gold miners and a post office for people around the area.  It has a population of 6.  Yes, it's small.  It has a cute little history written on the walls.The best thing about this little stop is the saloon and general store.  I haven't tried any of the food in the saloon, but it's kind of neat to go in and look around.  The general store's little gem are the flavors of hand made ice cream.  Mmmm...prickly pear ice cream.Don't go to Tortilla Flat expecting a grand Disneyland feel, it's just a little surprising outcropping in the Superstition Mountains.  But if you're in the area and passing through, you HAVE to make a stop and try the ice cream at least.  Plus you get a little Arizona history in the system.
For the longest time I was not a big fan of this place. I like my Mexican a tad more authentic. Revo is like the Trader Joe's  of Mexican take out.  The place is modern, the tables are clean, the signage boasts of vegetarian or gluten free meals.  What it lacks for in flavor it tried to make up for in advertising. What's so special about the lemonade? Have you tried the horchata at Mesquite? Puuleeze. Then I got over myself and changed my expectations. The food is decent, the ingredients fresh and they make great fish tacos. Order them to go, get home and put some real salsa on them and you'll have a cheap and yummy meal. And let's face it, a lot less calories than your normal Mexican take out.
This has been my family's Chinese restaurant of choice for years! Great food. Great service. Never been disappointed!Price maybe slightly on the not-so-cheap side, but I think Chinese food in general isn't as cheap as it used to be. Still wonderful. Definitely check this place out.
I used to love it here.  I loved everything about The Clarendon......I didn't even mind the indifferent hipster waitstaff much.  However, after 2 very disappointing dining experiences, it will no longer be my go to place for cocktails and food.  On my 1st visit, my companion and I ordered some carne asada tacos.  It was late in the evening and the tacos seemed like they were made with all the little overcooked chewy bits of meat left on the grill after a long night....boo!  The 2nd bad experience was lunch on a Sunday.  We sat at the bar as the restaurant was busy.  There were 3 gentlemen behind the bar prepping for the day.  It was after noon on a weekend and they were just starting to prep the bar for the day?  There were plenty of people needing service and these bartenders were far more interested in their set ups than servicing the customers.  I actually heard one of the bartenders tell a customer that he had to finish making a batch of Sangria before he helped him because he would lose count on how much of what to put in the batch if interrupted!  Really?  Mr. Bethel, it is clear you don't value good customer service for your place of business.  If you did, every other Yelp review for the last 3 yrs wouldn't mention it.  You would remedy this problem if it was important to you.  Apparently, you consider it a part of your establishment's charm.....I assure you it's not charming.....After waiting with my companion for a long time, and being told that The Pico Rico burger was absolutely yummy, I ordered that medium rare.  My companion ordered chorizo and eggs with eggs over easy.  Her eggs came scrambled and my burger came well done.  A well done burger is a deal breaker for me...especially when it costs $12!  I did not have time to wait for them to fire another one for me even though they offered a couple of times.  I took 3 bites of this burger and besides being woefully overdone, it appeared to lack basic seasoning like salt.  How can a burger covered in chiles be bland?  I don't know but this burger managed to taste like nothing.....$12 of nothing.  The bill came and as I was paying it, the bartender came with another tab and told me he forgot to charge me for my cocktail.  I was surprised that the burger was still on my bill and asked the bartender, "well, maybe we can not charge me for the $8 drink since my burger was so unsatisfactory?"  He just turned his back and ignored my question.....boo.  I have spent thousands of $$ at this hotel.  Even had my high school reunion here.  However, this year's girl's weekend staycation which has been at The Clarendon every year will be at The Palomar downtown this year.......Get your house in order, please Clarendon!
Beaver Choice.  Let's just get this out of the way.  I don't know what the name means, I have no idea why it's named that, I don't know why the logo is a beaver (the animal kind - get your heads out of the gutter people) in a Swedish triple crown shirt holding a fork.  With all that said, what I do know is this place is definitely worth a try.  I had never heard of the place until my girlfriend fiance sent me a link saying we should check it out sometime.  I checked out the menu online, it looked good, so rather than wait several weeks for my fiance to have a free lunch period, I decided to investigate for myself that very same day.  Good move on my part.  It's a great little Scandinavian restaurant that's only been open for a couple of weeks in a pretty non-descript suite in the strip mall behind Ted's Hot Dogs at McClintock & Broadway.  It's a very clean place with about 6 or 7 four tops, furnished from top to bottom by...you guessed it...Ikea.  It's a family owned and operated spot and they are some of the sweetest people you will ever meet.  They are very proud of their little piece of Scandinavia in the desert and it shows in their service and their food.  They are well aware of the fact that with the exception of Swedish meatballs, most people aren't really familiar with Scandinavian food so when you approach the counter, right off the bat they ask if you would like to try a little sample platter free of charge.  Who's going to turn that down?  I had a little piece of Gravlax (raw salmon cured in salt, sugar and dill), some potato salad and some pink lunch salad thing the name of which I forget.  I really enjoyed the Gravlax and potato salad but the pink one was made with sour cream and since I've never been a fan of sour cream I only had a bite of that one.  They have two menus. One could best be described as a lunch/to-go menu and one that they call the bistro menu which is essentially akin to a dinner menu except that you can get anything on it all day.  They have salads, wraps, sandwiches, soups, entrees, etc. with all kinds of different varieties of meats to choose from.  They even had two that they say on the menu are recommended for hangovers.  My kind of place! It all ranges in price from about $5 for sandwiches and wraps up to about $15 for a couple of the full sized dinner entrees though most of the dinner entrees mostly hover around $10 which is a steal for the amount of food that you get.  I decided to try the schnitzel.  It comes with a decent little side salad with your choice of either a honey mustard or garlic vinaigrette, a little citrusy red cabbage slaw both of which were good but were primarily there to compliment the main event which was the schnitzel.  It's an enormous breaded pork cutlet stuffed with ham and brie cheese, cooked to perfection and topped with an amazing mushroom gravy and on the side were dill mashed potatoes also topped with the gravy.  Both of them were in a word, delicious.  It was about $11 for the whole entre and it was worth every penny.  I wasn't able to finish the whole thing but I can tell you that it keeps really well because I had it for breakfast this morning.  I haven't tried anything else on the menu but if any of it is even half as a great as the schnitzel, it's gotta be pretty damn good.  You know how every now and then you go to a place that's just starting out and you get great service and great food and you just hope that they make it?  Well this is one of those places.  I strongly suggest that you go check it out.
Although I didn't need Retail Therapy, I started off with one at Modern Steak. A small but tasty martini served with a carafe on the side containing a separate compartment for suspended ice - (AWESOME). Belvedere, Grand Marnier, strawberry, basil & lemon juice.For starters I ordered the Roasted Beet Salad which had a lovely presentation and included Frise, pistachios and goat cheese. It was really good, but didn't surpass my favorite from The Parlor.My friends had Oysters and the Tuna Tartare which they both enjoyed.For dinner, I opted for the Chilean Sea Bass which was good but for $35 didn't have the best texture and the sauce was a bit saltier than I would have preferred. Perhaps I should have ordered a Steak at a place called Modern Steak? Small oversight on my part...Friends had the Heart Brand Akaushi 8 oz Filet...($78!) and the Beef Short Rib, Horseradish Gnocchi & Red Wine Jus, much better priced at $28. I tried the Short Rib which was excellent and they enjoyed the Filet, however it 'wasn't comparable to his $200 Kobe beef experience in Japan' - but then again, I have some high maintenance friends.As far as the interior goes, Hayes Studio did an incredible job. I actually enjoyed sitting on the mock patio inside the mall with the over-sized lampshades and artificial round plants while taking in all of the textures. At one moment I felt I was in some classic side street in France until I realized I was staring at Banana Republic and remembered I was in Scottsdale Fashion Square. But a girl can dream, can't she?
Delicious. I'll be back for seconds, and thirds, and fourths...In quintissential Phoenix style, Breadfruit is housed in an unassuming, small space in a nondescript neighborhood close to the heart of downtown. The space itself needs a little more character and decor to qualify for true "Phoenix hidden gem" status at the moment, but it's only the first week of its existence so time will tell. Still, I was sold at first glance of the menu. Lots of stuff I've never heard of, with descriptions that all tempted the taste buds. I decided to zero in on the brown chicken stew, which is actually not a stew at all but however you want to describe it, it was damn tasty. As a starter my friend and I also split a two-dollar chicken curry patty, which I'd describe as a cross between the crust of an apple-less apple turnover, a samosa, and chicken curry. YUM. I could see myself going back just to eat another one of those alone. A small complaint, one that I don't often have at American restaurants that are addicted to overstuffing their obese customers, concerns the portion size. I do like, and favor, smaller portions at any restaurant I go to. But the brown chicken stew was just so good that it left me wanting just a *notch* more. Also, beware if you're new to this particular entree as I was, because the chicken contains bones. The service is alright. The waitstaff struck me more as just... "a bunch of dudes," as opposed to professional waiters/waitresses. But the "dude" we had was perfectly friendly. Another great addition to the downtown scene. I suggest they consider expanding their Friday and Saturday night hours though.
IHOP - this chain restaurant brings back memories of meals with grandparents and post SAT brunch with friends... or was it OHOP?  I can't remember, but either way, you can't go wrong at IHOP if you're in the mood for breakfast.I happened to pop into this location for a breakfast meeting on Wednesday morning.  My companion and I were probably the only patrons under the age of 65, but that didn't stop us from having a good meal.  I ordered an egg white omelette (yes, they do have egg whites if you ask even though they are not on the menu) and 2 Harvest Nut 'N Grain pancakes.  Yum!  Portion sizes were so humongous that I couldn't even finish more than 1/2 of either item.  The pancakes were delicious - and the waiter brought me margarine instead of butter and a sugar free syrup as well.  I can almost talk myself into believing that this was a guilt free breakfast, but not quite!Service was fine... our waiter was sweet and i was pleased that everything arrived exactly as we ordered it.  3 stars because it's a chain but it's a consistent one at that - I would not hesitate to return!
I have now been to Fez for two events, brunch, lunch, dinner and time at the bar, so I figured I should update. I also checked my bank account, and it looks like in the past 30 days I have spent over $300.... yikes!I'm a big fan of consistency, and every time I come to Fez, I have a consistently warm and amazing experience. The food is always top notch, aside from one busy Saturday night the service has always been pretty good, the drinks are strong and you cannot beat the environment. Or a smiling, happy, hugging Thomas. Fez. I love you. My bank account hates you. I need to start working some swerve and get someone to take me on an all-expense-paid date here.. ha ha PS The green pasta rocks my socks
Seriously, slamming Kazimierz as a wine bar is like slamming Lombardis in NYC for pizza.  Let's get a hold of ourselves here.  Forget about the food, if you want food, go to a restaurant.Forget about smiling doormen.  If you want smiles, buy a ticket to the next "Up With People" tour that comes into town.Forget about light.  If you want light, go hiking in Sedona and soak in the sun.Bottom line, if you can't find a wine that pleases from this enormous list, you must not have a tongue.
Another downtown joint I hadn't bothered reviewing because it's such a part of my regular routine.I love hash browns and Matt's is a hash brown lover's paradise. I don't know exactly how they cook their eggs; I just hope that whatever they do, they keep doing it. It's tasty. I have friends from Tucson who crash at my place on an occasional weekend, and every Sunday morning before they head back to the Old Pueblo, they insist on my taking them here. They're as addicted as I am. Long lines on Sunday mornings so expect a wait and bring good conversation topics with you.NOTE: MrK took some great shots of the place that you can see above. His last interior shot does indeed have Matt in the background, and the very cute Gretel toward the right (she also waitresses at the Roosevelt).
I jumped in here for a quick bite on an errand-filled lunch hour.  The burger and fries were bland and unremarkable.  Kinda a bad place for a mediocre joint, since Lenny's is right around the corner, and lots of other burger joints are just a mile away.  Better than a standard chain fast food place, but not by much.
An excerpt from a letter to Slade Grove, Wicked Kitchen Confections:"Luci's was the perfect spot to feature your confections. The service was amazing. My latte had a little heart in foam on the top. The service people were so friendly, but I feel like they should know more about what a big deal you are :) I had to educate them! I could put together a powerpoint if you'd like (kidding).The place was neat and tidy but had a nice warm quality to it. They had the convertible doors open so the breeze was really fitting for a late morning pastry-brunch."A friend and I skipped the gym and went over to Luci's to celebrate my birthday and the Wicked pastries now being featured. We split a cinnamon roll and a red velvelt mini-cake (because according to Slade cupcake are out of fashion). The atmosphere was clean but cozy, the coffee was delicious and served with a smile. As far as the pastries... it's Slade. You can't go wrong.Luci, the owner, was outgoing and interested in our opinions of the place.Overall, it was a lovely experience. I hope to return soon for an actual meal or maybe to take a cooking lesson.
Yay! I can't take the grin off my face after visiting UNION and discovering the perfect "union" of incredible local businesses in the Valley. This reminds me of the Arizona version of the Ferry Building in San Francisco. The feel of UNION is organic, local, boutique-y and simply delightful! It's the type of place that you can stop by on a lazy afternoon and get lost in exploration of each of the 18 businesses housed within the same building. But allow me to walk you through it in a bit more depth! Upon entering the south-side of the Biltmore Fashion Park, you see a welcoming patio with tables, chairs and umbrellas that offer the perfect spot for a snack, meal or to work. A coffee shop window space allows you to grab a beverage without actually entering UNION, but do yourself a favor and step through the doors. Within UNION, Trattoria del Piero serves an abundance of fresh and organic food options, including salads and tasty-looking sandwiches. I made the mistake of eating before I visited, but I won't do that again! UNION is a long hallway of 18 boutiques on either side. It's airy, open and friendly. This is a local shopper's paradise because it's a one-stop-shop for practically everything. Here's a list of just some of the adorable shops within UNION:- An organic gift shop with accessories for the kitchen and house. - Whoopie Pie bakery with whoopies of every kind - Queen Creek Olive Oil Company with olive oils, wine, accessories and body products - Frances, complete with clothing, jewelry and gifts - Smeeks - the ultimate candy store that's the perfect place to satisfy the sweet tooth or pick up a present. - Citrine - one of my favorite stores in UNION and owned by a very nice woman named Melissa who has a detailed knowledge of skincare. This shop has moisturizers, face products and makeup. They even make their own perfume for you!- A bicycle shop...yes a bicycle shop! - A flower shop with fresh and beautiful flowers - A news-stand - A men's clothing store *** I know I'm missing several of the shops, but hopefully this gives you an idea of the variety within UNION! Whether you have $1, $5 or $100 to spend, the thing I like about UNION the most is that it doesn't really matter how much money you have to spend because it's enjoyable just merely looking around. However, with the the amount of adorable merchandise surrounding you, it will be hard to leave empty-handed! I plan on spending many a lazy afternoon here moving forward!
It was around 6pm on my third day in Phoenix when I was (finally) able to hang out and catch up with two dearly-missed SBC alums, Lynn W and Claire! Originally, we'd set out for the dessert place next door, but I had just returned from a 10-hour day trip out to Grand Canyon and back so a slice of pizza sounded perfect...The joint looks very collegiate and indie, full of simple designs, bright colors, and decisive lack of branding, although further inspection reveals it to be a widespread, though not yet prominent franchise.For just shy of $20, I ordered three slices and drinks for our impromptu dinner, myself gravitating towards the simple pesto slice, as usual.For the price per slice, it seems a tad on the expensive side, but the slice, its flavor and ingredients, is decent. The better option or deal is probably to get one of the heartier sounding whole pizzas [online menu: http://weborder3.microworks.com/zpizza/Item.aspx?menuid=2477]  Nonetheless, it hit the spot and service was very friendly.There's a cool symbiosis of Z Pizza being immediately attached and sharing a space with Pink Spot next door.___________________________________________Savory and sweet in a single space! Gluttony abounds!
A large 1 topping pizza is $14.79 plus tax and is about the same quality as freezer pizzas. So why the 4 stars? The entertainment. What you are actually paying for is a pipe organ recital (in a fun way) with imaginative, fun lighting and animated characters.The noise level can be pretty intense here and indeed many families are not very good at supervising their obviously over-stimulated children. The lines can be quite long to order food, but they assign you a number which lights up on a large board so that you can return to the entertainment until your food is ready for pick up at the counter.A non-mall location (bonus points), easy parking, talented organists, and friendly staff. This place will delight your children and the inner child in you.
This place isn't a "bar..." Its just a joke.What bar in its right mind shuts down at 9:50 on a Saturday night? Evidently Christoper's is the only one that comes to mind.We walked in on a Saturday, sat down as there were still some 20 people sitting around having drinks, and were quite brusquely informed that they were closed and that we needed to leave. We asked what all the other folk were doing there, and we were informed that they were regulars and friends and that closing didn't apply to them.The only time we'll be going back to Christoper's is when its closing for good to mock the owner as he locks the door one last time. Until then, this place can kiss my lily white ass.
I have been here twice, both times during happy hour, and I have to say that I disagree with most of the reviews here.First off - I did valet my car.  A 2004 Kia Sedona.  There were people there with nice cars, but it was hardly a car show.  Yep, rich people drive nice cars.  Im not jealous.  I dont think the guy driving the Sentra in front of me in the Valet line was to concerned either.Secondly - the women.  Yep.  There are lots of dressed up Scottsdale women here.  Lots of older guys too.  I tend not to pay attention to either when I go out, so I dont know how everyone was behaving.  I go with my girlfriend.  I will leave these comments to the people watchers.Third - the food.  Sushi is pretty much all I eat when I come here.  I find it to be quite delicious.  I have been to dozens of sushi restaurants around Phoenix, Seattle, and California.  The sushi here is good.  Consistent quality, good selection.The service - It can be a little difficult to get the waiters attention.  I think that has to do with what I am going to say next.I think my only complaint is how loud the music has been on occasion.  When I am having to shout to talk to my girlfriend, or I cant hear the sushi chef talking 2 feet in front of me, its getting a little stupid.I think whoever started the loud music trend at these hip restaurants should be publicly flogged.  Hearing aids arent on the menu.
When my sister was visiting a month or so ago, she was craving authentic, cheap Thai from a place that features a lunch special. I hadn't tried Swaddee or Thai Lahna yet, so I decided to take her to Benjarong, where my husband and I had had a pretty good experience the first time. Well, on my second visit, one thing was better - the prices. The lunch specials were only $5.95 and included a delicious little chicken in coconut broth soup and an egg roll. However, I have to say the food was not as great as I remembered it being. Maybe it's just that Swaddee and Thai Lahna have such flavorful and authentic main dishes, or maybe the chef was having an off day, but my sister and I found both of our dishes (curry and Pad See Ew) to be pretty bland and really greasy. We both left feeling a little full and kind of gross. I still think that this is a good spot for cheap, decent Thai if you're in Mesa, but I wouldn't make the drive for it after our second experience.
I rolled on in for my first time for lunc today and nowI really have mixed fellings. My Roll did taste good, but anything covered in spicy mayo would. I like the brown rice, but the complete lack of artisan craftmanship with the rice, icrean scoops used for fish and cutting leave me unimpressed.My real quandry is when it comes to value. ~7 for a sushi roll is not a bad price (or a great one) but for lunch $7 for a seat your self type place is on par however one sushi roll is not really filling enough for me.  Thus the 3 stars based on my ability to feel full after a roll + miso soup (.99).Service ws fast friendly and helpful. I liked the idea of soy sauce in a iced tea like despencer. If you are not too hungry, and want a fast lunch that can be somewhat healthy give this place a try.
Excellent souvlaki, great service, locally owned. I'm not Greek either; who cares? Grape leaves, falafel, baba ghanoush, are indigenous to many parts of the world, including Greece. Go to any Greek, Lebanese, or Persian restaurant in town and all these dishes will vary slightly.Very good food and very good service in a quaint restaurant. It's worth a stop for lunch or dinner.
I was hesitant at first. I haven't experienced good transitions from sole coffee bar to coffee & alcohol bar. However... that being said... Lux has pulled it off. The coffee and alcohol components are separate yet beautiful in their own right. Since I am not much of a drinker.. I come during the day.The pastries are so eloquently done. You can see each of their wonder delicious calories without struggling. The only frustration points are how the crowd tends to gather at the coffee bar and it makes for a bit of a traffic jam. Hopefully that'll resolve as the days go on.Most of the chairs are rather hard. Such is life. I'll be back.
Old school yo!We're talking salad bar with beets, sunflower seeds and cottage cheese yo!We're talking prime rib of Flintstonian proportions! I met a group of good friends here recently. We were seated in a back (non window) room and my claustrophobia almost got the best of me. It was a pretty tiny room. Soon I decided it wasn't tiny. It was cozy. And soon the Coronas were a- comin' and the conversation was flowing.Our server, a delightful woman, was efficient and friendly. And a shout out to her just for handling a group of a dozen or so yelpers! Can you imagine waiting on us lol!?!?My prime rib and baked potato were pure perfection. The salad bar was fresh and fully loaded. Much like myself towards the end of the evening.The decor is all muraled-out if memory serves me. So there's a lot going on! So Feeney's you got a new fan! Great place to take my folks, out of towners or anyone I think is worthy of the Feeney charm!!!Yo!
After reading some glowing reviews of Bandera (specifically of their 'best on the planet' cornbread) here on Yelp, Krashawnda just had to try the place. We went on a Friday night and were quoted a wait time of about 45 minutes, though they actually were able to get us in a bit quicker. The hostess was extremely helpful and polite and accommodated us really well; even though we missed our name being called while we were out walking... upon returning she was overly apologetic and concerned with getting us the next available table even though it wasn't her fault... kudos for that. The ambience in the place is superb. As some others have mentioned it is a little dark, but we enjoyed that and found it to be rather relaxing and romantic. If you happen to be on a date this would be a great place to snuggle up in a booth together to enjoy the night. The darker lighting and decor creates a classy feel without feeling too pretentious like some other Scottsdale locales... although like any nice Scottsdale restaurant it's going to be hard to completely avoid the 'tool factor'... you're still likely to see a few spray tanned  Scottsdalians with their collars popped getting fueled for a night of mindless club hopping. Now for the best thing about this place... the food! The menu is pretty basic, no Cheesecake Factory bible-sized menus; just one page chock full 'o yummy easily recognizable dishes. We started out with a couple of appetizers; the deviled eggs and the much talked about cornbread. First off the deviled eggs were very tasty... I'm not sure what they used in them, but they had this slightly chunky consistency and the taste was different than the usual homemade deviled eggs I'm used to... kind of like deviled eggs on steroids; very good and cheap (About three bucks for four of them, perfect just to try). Next on the docket was the much ballyhooed cornbread. I've never been a huge fan of cornbread... but I have to admit; the other Yelpers are right on the money here; it's the best cornbread I've ever had. Each bite was like little fireworks of buttery crunchy goodness going off in my mouth. They cook the cornbread in this perfect way so that it's crunchy on the outside yet soft and moist on the inside. It really is heavenly... and this is coming from someone who usually passes on cornbread. For our main dish we split the rotisserie chicken sandwich and a half rack of pork ribs. Both were amazing... the ribs fell right of the bone and were served on a bed of super thin crunchy French fries. The chicken in the sandwich was cooked perfectly and just melted in your mouth. The sandwich also came with a small salad which was sprinkled with some kind of nuts and tasted very fresh. The portions were perfect... not too much but certainly enough to fill you up. We saved just enough room to try their 'Homemade Oreo Cookie Sandwiches'... and I'm really glad we did, I squealed with delight each bite I took... it was amazing. They were basically two medium sized crispy chocolate cookies stuffed with homemade Oreo ice cream... served on a bed of hot fudge. It was everything I imagined it would be and more; definitely one of those deserts that doesn't disappoint you when they bring it out. It's one of the best desserts I've had in a while. To add to everything, the service was also very prompt and courteous. We didn't have to wait long for our food (which is always nice) and our waitress was very attentive and friendly. We definitely got the feeling that they train their wait staff very well, the only close to negative thing I could say is that sometimes they might come off a little fake and disingenuous with how they always have a huge smile on their face; there's that feeling that they might be being nice to your face, then complaining about you when they're not by your table... but that's really nitpicking, in fact I don't know why I even mentioned it. One nice quirk was when they brought us our bill the 'customer copy' of the receipt was neatly folded over the credit card like a little piece of origami... cool little things like that make a big difference when looking back at your dining experience. From start to finish I'd have to say the place really blew us away... it's definitely the total package and it's somewhere I look forward to eating at again. I can't imagine anyone going here and giving the place anything less than four stars. As it stands right now it's a solid 5/5 from us. If you're in the mood for some solid grub in the medium price range this place is a sure shot
I love their cookies!   I stopped by as the store is near where I work.  Brought some for my coworkers and they loved them!  I will definitely be back as these cookies are better than what you can make yourself.  People at work were asking me for their website.  I will be ordering from them for family and friends.. I love the cookie called Simple! It is chocolate chip but their other ones are terrific too!
I definitely liked this place, but there are a few reasons why i had to give it 3 stars instead of the 4 I initially intended on giving.  I'll get the negative out of the way now so I can end on a good note.  First of all, the layout is just kind of silly.  I totally understand that this is an olllldddd building, so you work with what you're given.  That being said, the entrance/exit is too small and the condiment line backs up into that exit.  It's really frustrating that people feel some need to create a single file line to get sodas, napkins, utensils and condiments when really, there is A LOT of room to share.  It's a really long condiment bar!  Second of all it's way out there for us.  Living in Downtown Phoenix makes the trek out to Gilbert pretty rough sometimes.  Finally, they wouldn't let me sub a smaller version of the green bean fries for regular fries, even though I was willing to pay more than the normal sub fee.On to the good... The grilled cheese I got was really yummy.  It was made with really thick Texas Toast style bread, had some great cheese on the inside, and it was toasted/grilled just right.  It was a very hearty grilled cheese!  The green bean fries that I wanted just a single sized portion of turned out to be like 3 pounds piled high in a basket!  They were really good and garlicky, and for only 5 bucks a great value.  However, I really just wanted enough for myself because as it turns out, I continued eating them until I made myself sick. Overall, I liked the place, but it seems to be constantly busy and I just don't like getting crowded when I'm trying to eat a nice relaxing meal outside.
This used to be a great little bar and I am not sure what happened to it. My daughter has gone in 2 or 3 times now and she consistently gets bad service and she suspects it is because she is a teenager (17). They have over charged her, double charged her debit card, and just given her poor service. So I decided to go with her the other night to get a bite to eat and waitress #1 shows up, takes our drink order, then waitress #2 shows up with our drinks and says she is now our waitress. She brought our Onion Rings/Fries out cold and I had to send them back. She took forever in swinging by the table to check on us. They brought out the MOAB brownie without any spoons. It just went on and on. I never used to get service like that there and I did not recognize any of the managers that used to be there. They won't be getting any of my money in the future.
Boy, am I surprised to see negative reviews on here.  I've lived close to and have been going to Amano for six straight years now, and have never had anything short of a delightful, delicious experience.I usually order the pear/walnut salad and the shrimp pasta or risotto dish.  It's delicious every time.  I've also tried their pizza, some of their specials (like a seafood stew), a pork dish, etc..  This is the place that I bring dates (hungry guys) to, and they are always very pleased with their dishes.  I am a serious cook, and am always delighted by the taste, presentation and balance of the dishes served here.The service is actually very friendly and frankly, the reason I like it is because it's not overbearing.  The same people have worked there for what seems like forever, and they remember you and are always helpful with the unique and yummy wine list.  No, they don't greet you in the same way as every other restaurant in town, but that's what makes this place so "homey" and comforting.  Like I said, I bring dates here, and we never feel rushed or watched, but always feel like we get what we need when we need it.  Thus, the staff supplements the already romantic feel of Amano.For people who whine about pricey meals, it's not any pricier than anything else around (unless you prefer Red Brick Pizza or McDonald's).  Yes, the meals are around $17.00 - 22.00.  You are sitting in a lovely place with fresh flowers and quality food where the napkins are linen, the salad plates are chilled, and the wine list is extensive and extremely reasonable.  If you are going to go out and $20.00 a meal is too much for you, then look at the menu before you start ordering.  Sorry, but this restaurant isn't looking for a person of your class to dine there anyway.If you live in the neighborhood, this is a great place for a romantic dinner, although I warn that it is also family (and therefore kid) friendly.  But seriously, their wine list is superb, and you can tell that everything is fresh and made on the spot.
Well let me start by saying i agree with all of the reviews i have read already...but let me start with one obvious problem i have always had with buffet style restaurants...THE CARPET....UHHHHHH!!!!!! I mean if these establishment are going to have carpet in a public area with kids present and people generally eating like kids...then you must pay close attention to the CARPET!!!!. The CARPET had a horrible smell at this location...and you really have to be careful not to let it ruin your appetite.Secondly for the $25 price tag...if your not going for some sort of special...like the all you can eat ribs....which no one else does...then it may not be worth your money. This evening...because my wife loves ribs...is why we even went to pay this establishment a visit. Now don't get me wrong the food is very good...not great...but very good. I had a fabulous piece of rotisserie chicken breast with mashed potatoes and gravy...mac and cheese....and dinner rolls. My wife had the ribs of course.... along with various sides.Now the dessert is not so great or very good for that matter. I had the lemon tart....brownie...and vanilla-chocolate swirl yogurt...and all of them were awful. My wife had the lemon cake and vanilla ice cream along with some fresh strawberries and she seemed to enjoy it.Now in conclusion i don't have to go here again personally...but if a special deal comes to this establishment and you really like it you should definitely give it a shot....otherwise pay your $25 to eat somewhere else. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
This is really the perfect place for a college area.  Too bad it is wasted on Phoenix College.  The place is big, cluttered with cool stuff on the walls, and has a bar & a smoking patio.  The ordering process is fast and makes it easy.  It's like Fudruckers but edible.  I ordered the Hawaiian Burger.  While it wasn't as good as the one I used to get at Goofy Goose in Tacoma, it was still pretty good.  The patty was huge, hand-formed, and perfectly cooked.  The bun was tasty.  There was ample Swiss cheese and teriyaki sauce on the burger as well.  The only complaint was that it only had one pineapple which was a 1/4 the size of the burger.  I really only got the full "Hawaiian Burger" experience when I got into the middle where the pineapple was.  Oh well, it was still good.The side order of fries was tasty enough and their onion rings looked good.  The condiment bar was a bit lacking.  I was hoping for lots of different sauces like honey mustard or horseradish but it was pretty much the basics.  The salad bar didn't look all that good to me but why are you getting a salad at a burger place?In all, great burger, good prices, and exactly what I expected.  WAY better than Burger Studio.
First off, I am not Vegan....not even slightly. I love myself a good slice of fish or some wholesome chicken like the next guy. However, I have shifted my lifestyle choices recently to a more healthy overall track. So keep that in mind when reading forward.Green is the first "mock" food joint I have ever eaten at. Considering the reviews of fellow Yelpers, I took my fiance over here to check it out. We both were cautiously optimistic about the abundance of options on the menu. Laura (my fiance) chose a mock meatball spaghetti, the Orecciette pasta. The mock meatballs tasted more like falafel than meat, however the sauce and earlobe pasta was amazing. Also added in were the veggies within the pasta....overall she really chose an awesome dish.I chose the seemingly popular Original "g" spicy po-boy sandwich, with curry pasta. Biting into the mock chicken, you could tell it was not real chicken per say..its obvious. BUT, the amazingly tasty flavors along with the buffalo sauce just run rampantly on your taste buds. The curry pasta I got as my side was as good, if not better than the sandwich itself...I could eat that curry pasta all day.So, with that said, two dishes tried, both tasted AMAZING. You can tell the food is not real, but does it matter when the food tastes so great? I'll answer that for you with a resounding no...no it doesn't matter. It gets 5 stars just for the fact that the culinary experience may be different, but the end result is significant satisfaction on multiple levels. Think about it:  its great for you, the soy products within are amazingly healthy and everything is organic for the most part when you eat here. I will definitely be making plans to set aside a few $'s just for a "Green Fund" so I can eat here at least a couple times a month. Will re-post when I try something else...perhaps the pizza??? Will update soon!!!
You must have at least 4 people in your group to have a table to yourself!  I used to have a lot of business meetings with clients at this place (at least twice a week) as it was right down the street from my office.  The food is not great and the service is unusually horrible but they have a big selection for my business clients to choose from as most have different tastes and it is more of a relaxing environment in which most like. One Sunday, 2 friends and I were having lunch at a table for four people.  They sat a stranger with us to have lunch....very awkward, but was okay as we were all drinking beers.  About two weeks later (on a Friday), I was entertaining potential clients discussing our company and answering other questions.  There were three of us sitting at a table for four people.  They had the "balls" to sit another guy at our table as they say they were now sitting groups together to fill all spots.  I told the manager that we were discussing business as he seemed to not care and still sit the guy with us.  Needless to say, I have never returned to a zipps and never will.
That has got to be one of the coolest patios in town for a get together.  I was another of the Yelp group (and friends) in attendance last night for happy hour.  We had a long table reserved for us.  The bartender was also our waiter for the evening.  To my knowledge, with all of us moving around, I don't think he screwed up a single order of food or drink.  The manager, Matt, came by to check on us several times.  I arrived fairly early and before I was tempted to work my way through multiple baskets of the wonderful bread and pesto I ordered a serving of crab cakes.  They were quite good, certainly not enough volume to replace an entree.  I was offered several choices of pizza slices and accepted a bruscetta one which was delicious.  Of the many pizzas ordered I did not hear one person that was less than satisfied.  I do of sort regret not trying the white pizza but I was at that not full but no longer hungry point where I should, but don't always, stop.  We did cause one hiccup in the evening, many of us decided it was time to go at the same time and with all the separate bills to figure out at once it swamped the entire staff to the point a couple of people at the bar complained they couldn't get a drink.  Most of the night we ordered as individuals or pairs as we saw fit so we never overwhelmed the kitchen or the server.  I have yet to figure out why groups of people (non business) that are going to be there for a couple of hours anyway have to all order and get served at the same time.  We must have at least looked like we were well behaved, Matt invited us back.
Personally, I am insulted when someone visits Phoenix and asks me to take them to a Macayo's. The other reviews' analogies to Denny's and TGI Fridays are spot on. I would add Olive Garden to the list of good comparisons. Would you go to Italy and ask your host to take you to a McDonalds? I understand that the company apparently has a well-oiled marketing machine in place, since many out-of-towners seem to know about it the moment they get off the plane. If I was reviewing marketing departments I guess they'd get 5 stars. But I honestly can't think of a scenario where going out to eat at Macayo's would ever be worthwhile or necessary. Maybe, your car runs out of gas right at the intersection of Central and Clarendon and you have a disease that will kill you if you don't eat within the next 20 minutes? But then, Fez is right there. Oh, but the disease specifically requires you to eat Mexican food or you'll die? Fine. That's what Blue Burrito is for, but at lower prices and less time (not to mention less calories). So again, why dine at Macayo's?If you do want to eat there, please, just avoid hurting my feelings and do it behind my back.
I do not see the allure.  We got a big box of the mini sized brownies in a variety of flavors (100 - 120 a pop) and I tried the walnut.  Not great.  Kinda dry.So I waited a bit and tried the original.  Just as dry and no walnuts.Skip it.
I love Cracker Barrel.  Having first experienced it 12 yrs ago in the South, I was pleased to find one in nearby Mesa.  Some of my favorite dishes:Sunrise Sampler (Eggs, Bacon, Hash Browns, Grits, Apple, Biscuits & Gravy)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=Mjsj2CZ2GgLwp8FHZWuVqQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=DTLjwZ6D_A1_F3rHNIStiQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=k4mCERWR9ePXHvKXtkCo3gWhole Grain Pancakes w/Bacon & Eggshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=xyRLO-ivSRUBbKDSjV9KOAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=PsJOSxXEte8MYW63yhpxjwPeach Teahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=aQUTQPAKPlVpYmOajJrxnAThis location is just as good as the ones I remember in the South.  The country store is also very cool and full of goodies.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=pgRb_mM_ZcvoKEMgoc69fwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=Ix6MVNHBlBgT9qh-JtmJjwOverall, one of my favorite breakfast joints.Return Factor - 100%
This was almost a one star review... I really enjoy the food burrito Bandito creates and I'm craving one right now! This happened a while back but the experience was so hilarious I must tell what ensued. I go in to order 2 breakfast burritos, one with chorizo and egg, the other with bean, egg and cheese. It's only 10am and they tell me that they haven't made any chorizo, the cook got a late start. OK I can work with you... make the chorizo burrito with bacon instead. OK. I wait and wait. The burritos finally come out. They are in the bag and the girl asks me if I want salsa... I say yes but she just ignores me and hands me the bag. I tell her again that I want salsa and she then gives me 2 cups. I drive all the way to work where my coworker is meeting me in the parking lot. I open a burrito since it isn't marked and see that there is ham in it. For some reason neither I nor my coworker enjoy ham though we love our bacon. I was aggravated. They didn't have chorizo at 10 am when they open at 6 am, and they mess up a simple order. I get the girl on the phone. ME: "Hi. I was just in there, remember? I wanted the chorizo breakfast burrito, but the cook hadn't made it so I ordered one with bacon instead? Well, I understand people come in late, have a bad day, so I was willing and happy with changing my order to bacon, but it STILL got messed up. And that I am not happy with." Socially Retarded Girl: "Well I wasn't in the kitchen, I didn't make it." ME: (aghast but still trying to be polite) "Yes. I know. But the fact remains that the order was still messed up." (Now I expect her to apologize, get a manager... comp me SOMETHING!) Socially Retarded Girl: (She honestly says to me...) "SO? What do you want me to do about it?" ME: (This is where I effing LOSE it because I can't believe that she couldn't put herself in the place of an unhappy customer and just be nice, I was.) "WELL? WHAT DO YOU NORMALLY DO WHEN YOU MESS UP SOMEONES ORDER?" Socially Retarded Girl: "I have no idea." Me: "Well then how 'bout you give the phone to someone who does!" I am completely stunned at the way she talked to me. I mean, this was a simple "I'm sorry, let me get my manager, let me comp you one." Guy/Manager "I'm so sorry about this. The mess up and the way she talked to you. Let me give you $10 store credit." Done. I'm happy. I use it on BB $1.29 Mondays for tacos and burritos. MMM I could go for some right now.
not much i can say after 99 reviews..thought i would give my two cents anyways. we visited carlsbad tavern located in scottsdale last saturday. as you walk in there is a cool water fountain in the front.  inside it's dark and has a unique cave like feel inside. i appreciated that they have an extensive wine list! i went with a refreshing clean slate riesling.  for my entree i ordered snapper tacos. it was a safe choice since i love fish.  mr h ordered the carne adovada (slow roasted pork) burrito for his entree. i was amazed that he could tolerate such a high spice level!  i had just one bite of his burrito and it was burning my mouth so much that i ended up gulping my riesling. as other reviewers mentioned they do charge 2.99 for chips and salsa! i agree it's a ripe off but at least the chips are warm and the salsa was fresh and delicious. overall an outstanding place for folks who like heat in their food.
I was craving Chinese the other night, so my boyfriend and I decided to check out Jade Palace.  It was nicer inside than I thought it would be...the restaurant felt intimate, and most diners kept pretty quiet, so it was a relaxing atmosphere.The servers were very attentive, and more than once we had different servers coming up to ask us if we needed anything else.  The food was great- we shared spring rolls, veggie fried rice and veggie low mein and it was more than enough.  They also give you a generous portion of wonton chips with this amazing sweet orange sauce and a bowl of white rice.Our total was around $23 for all of this, so prices are pretty reasonable.  There are more expensive dishes on the menu, but luckily for us, we don't eat meat.  If you do, you could end up paying anywhere from $12-20 for a meal.I definitely recommend this place. It's in a strip-mall (what in AZ isn't?) and it's easy to see from Shea.  Oh and the portions were big enough that we even have leftovers for today! Woo hoo!
Probably one of my favorite restaurants and bars in Scottsdale/Phoenix. Don't be alarmed by the fact that its in Scottsdale or the swanky appearance of the place... the prices do not reflect that at all! In fact, its almost "cheap" for the consistently good food you get, the cocktails - you MUST get the Summer Solstice martini - and the overall vibe. This is one of the places you'll go for dinner, but would be more than happy just staying at the entire night. The space is really modern with various art rotating and there's a DJ who spins up top in the loft. If you're looking to experience Scottsdale in a classy, don't-break-the-bank way (and actually want to eat a full dinner, not mini "fancy" portions) AZ 88 is a must.
The first time I visited Petite Maison, it was for lunch on a cold and rainy afternoon. As I rushed past the wet outdoor seating, I promised myself I would come back in better weather and enjoy an evening on the patio. One should never break promises, especially the ones you make to yourself. So, I was more than happy to return recently for wine and appetizers under the stars! No rain here - just a beautiful night for dining alfresco. The patio, complete with lit fireplace, was like a garden party surrounded by plants and flowers. I couldn't have asked for better atmosphere. Sitting back and sipping a nice glass of Latour Domaine de Valmoisinne Pinot Noir I thought "this is as good as it gets". What was I thinking? Of course it could get better - I hadn't even eaten yet! We weren't "full meal" hungry, so my friend and I decided on a few appetizers to enjoy along with our wine: Escargots en Crote - this was my first experience with escargot, and I will admit that due to an unfortunate childhood snail incident I was a bit hesitant. My bravery was rewarded by the perfect combination of garlic, herbs, pernod and butter, all capped off by puffed pastry. Yes, I dipped my bread in the segments of the serving dish to absorb more garlicky goodness. Moules Maison - I am a huge fan of mussels and these didn't disappoint. They were nicely sized, and served in a white wine and thyme broth. More bread-dipping ensued... Soup  l'onion - I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE onion soup and this was among the best I have tasted. The broth was rich and flavorful, with just the right amount of caramelized onions. It was topped with bubbling gruyere cheese that made each and every bite so very good. Our server was attentive and informative - she really knew the menu! Extra points for keeping us stocked with warm herb rolls. When asked about one of the after dinner drinks on the menu, she even produced a sample of Armagnac Samalens. While I didn't try it, my friend wanted to "bathe in it" so I am assuming it was very good! I can't wait to go back...
I had to make the Great Circle trip to DoPho and CenPho, although I always think of it as GoPho (going to Phoenix...it seems like a long journey).Today I got to take a baseball bat to the temple twice in one day!I had to spend quality time with my accountant and more of the same with my health insurance agent...just one of those mornings.I needed to treat myself, although after a visit with my business friends, I somehow felt it needed to be an inexpensive treat.My insurance agent is just north of Lucky Boy and that's where I went for my late lunch. I needed a scotch, and a Lucky Boy burger may not be the next best thing, but it's pretty damn good.I had not been here since last fall, but it really never changes (at least not since I came to AZ). They just make a good, simple burger. There aren't any tricks (no butter flavored whatever on the buns). The fries are crunchy outside and fluffy inside. The buns are soft, but hold together well and the meat is charred, but not crusty and overdone.Are there better burgers in the Phoenix area?...I'd have to say yes. Are there better drive-thru burgers in Phoenix?...I don't think so. Lucky boy is terrific...fresh, tasty, inexpensive (my meal was under $5.00), fast and the people at Lucky Boy are just extremely nice folks. Let's all do our  part and make them busier!
This place definitely has an upscale loungy feel to it. The only way I found out about it is because I work right in that area. I can see how it would be a nice change of pace from the typical clubs around the valley. It would be a good place to start the evening and maybe impress some people visiting from out of town. Think of a place you would see in L.A. or Chicago. I have been to places like this in each of these cities, dark, swanky, cool, hip. My secret hint for this place is that you can see certain Suns players come in late at night to hang out.
Suck it, Pizzeria Bianco.  There's a new joint in town and you don't stand a chance.A friend pestered us to visit this hidden gem and I have yet to figure out how to thank him.  The pizza is a must-have--it equals pies I've eaten in Rome and Torino--but the rest of the menu is impressive as well.  One our first visit, the specials were seafood based and we tried 'em both.  A sole with with artichokes, capers, and a white wine sauce was perfectly cooked, and the scampi-like shrimp was darn near as good.  Others have applauded the complimentary appetizers so I'll simply agree and move on; the pizza Margherita was the star of my meal.  A thin crispy/chewy crust covered with crushed tomatoes, dotted with cheese and sprinkled with fresh basil was a gustatory Italian vacation.  Oh, and order dessert even if you have to have it surgically implanted.The atmosphere belies the dodgy location.  The decor is both upscale (granite tables, tile floors) and mundane (a flat screen tv hovers overhead, tuned to an Italian satellite station).  Yes, I wouldn't walk home from here after dark, but parking is close and well-lighted, and the squeamish can use the freeway to be safely back in their suburbs in minutes.
I was out on errands & getting hungry, so I stopped into this place today for lunch.  I see these "Long Wong's" places all over town, but this is the first time I've tried one of them.  Here's how it was at this one:First off, it's a real dump, ala Taco Bite.  Part of the menu is up on a board behind the counter, & the rest is strewn around all over the walls & on erasable boards.I ordered a "Special" from the listless counter girl, which was promoted as 6 hot chicken wings & a cheeseburger for $4.95.  You have to pay BEFORE they fix the food, & before you can beg to go to the bathroom to wash your hands.  (It lives behind a locked hallway door that has a big sign on it saying that you can't use the bathroom!)They wouldn't trust me with the hallway-to-the-bathroom door key, but instead I had to wait for girl to go let me in!  Once inside the bathroom, it's a good thing I didn't have to go, because not only doesn't the door lock, it doesn't even CLOSE!  You pull it closed & it opens back up a foot or two, I guess so that the staff can keep an eye on you in there!Back out in the dining room, I took a seat in a booth.  Next to it was a window with big, heavy bars on it like a jail!  I brought a book to read, but I couldn't hear myself think, because the TV on the wall was blabbing out, so I sat.  It was cold in there, too.  It's no wonder they make you pay first!  Otherwise I would have left.So then in a little while girl brought out my food.  The cheeseburger bun was REFRIGERATOR COLD, & the "6 wings" were actually THREE, because they count each side of the wing as a wing.  Also, they were the tiniest chicken wing pieces I have ever seen, not more than 2 inches long each.After eating this dinky meal my fingers were all gooey, but I didn't feel like going through the hassle of trying to get girl to let me into the bathroom again to wash my hands, so I drove home with them like that.  When I got home, I washed my hands & fixed myself something to eat.Eek!
Pretty good for a decent price.  The rolled taco plate was the special and it was only $4.50.  They came with a topping of quacamole and cheese and they were quite good.  The quesadilla my daughter had was huge and full of nicely melted cheese.  She loved it but then you really can't go too wrong with a quesadilla.  The place was fairly busy with about 5 tables occupied.  It could have been just a bit cleaner in terms of the floor and tables but it was not bad.  They may have just had a rush and not had the chance to come out and clean.  I'll give them benifit of the doubt on that one.  I will go back and try more items on the menu.  They have specials every day and a fairly vaired menu.  It's located in a strip mall next to Starbucks and just down the way is Angel Sweet for dessert.  Overall it was decent.
I get coffee here several times a week, mainly because I live 'round the corner and can't always justify the drive to Lux ;-)Their WiFi router does not issue IPs smoothly...have patience after 10 minutes you will get one.Drip coffee: pretty good though I do not understand why they can't get wooden stirrers. I always ask for these but end up having to use a big plastic spoon which I assume costs them more. Oh well...Hot Mocha: This would be my winter drink here but SE's is horrible, stay away from it. Tastes like medicine.Mocha Java Frost: This is my main summer drink. I stop in after every bike ride and get one. The one thing is that not all staff members make it consistently. I have actually learned their schedules and avoid the one staffer who can't make this drink correctly. Incidentally she is also the one grouchy staff member. Maybe your ability to make a good Java Frost is directly related to your happiness in life....?
I've actually been to this place a few times, and thought the Korean food was pretty decent.  I took my parents and younger brother here very recently when they came to visit.  They wanted Korean food, and I kind of wanted to eat sushi, so we drove here.  They ordered the standard kalbi and bulgogi while I opted for the all you can eat sushi.  A few minutes later, I handed the waitress my piece of paper with my selections (IIRC you can select up to five or so items at a time)So why the one star rating?  Wall of text incoming.  If you don't want to read it all, just skip down to the bottom.The waitress was rude when I said I wanted AYCE.  She told me there was no sharing.  In a friendly way, I told her I knew what the 'rules' were and that it wasn't anywhere near the first time I'd had AYCE.  She then told me that I'd be charged if I wasted any sushi.  *yawn* I know (protip: really no place is going to charge extra unless you order an excessive amount and intentionally waste the food).  She then proceeded to tell my bro that he couldn't eat any of the sushi.  Seriously, we know lady.My family was close to finishing their food by the time my sushi came out..my first order.  No, not because they ate fast...but because at least 35 minutes had passed since I handed the waitress my order.  I mentioned it to her, and she told me it was because there were a lot of people ordering sushi.  I looked around and there were 2 people at the sushi bar, and I saw maybe 2 tables that ordered sushi also.  It doesn't take that long to cut the fish (it wasn't even cut well).I had my next piece of paper ready as soon as my food came, hoping that the next order would come before I made my family wait too long.  This order was brought out much quicker...only about 10 minutes...only I received 1 of the 5 items that I had marked.  The waitress asked me if I got everything I wanted.  Uhh..no?  I didn't want to deal with the crappy service any longer, so I asked for the check and told her I'd just go get some fast food.As we go up to pay, the guy at the counter (the owner I think) asks how everything was.  My mother tells him that it was okay, but that I had barely had anything.  He says something about how they only had one sushi chef that night bla bla bla.  I roll my eyes and we leave that place, never to return.If you want Korean food, I will admit their Korean food is ok.  But it doesn't matter how decent your food is when the service is crapolicious.  I won't be going back to Takamatsu, except maybe to give them the link to this review.Horrible service.  .If you are in the area, go to Chodang or Hodori for comparable food and much, much better service.
Thanks to Derek r.'s review, I thought I'd add my $.02.  It's been awhile since I last dined here (at least a couple of years), as I try to support non-chain restaurants these days, but I enjoyed the few dining experiences here, solo and w/ relatives.  Servers were always friendly and efficient.  Tables, chairs, booths, and women's restroom were clean.If you're one to check out those mailers that arrive in your mailbox from time to time, you'll know that 5 & Diner usually has BOGO offers on there (buy one, get one).   Years ago ('03, '04?), this very location sold, during Christmas season, upcoming new year calendars that had cute 50's theme pics.  Each month's page offered coupons such as BOGO, free children's entree with paying adult, or a free shake w/ an entree.  Does anyone know if this promotion is still running every Christmas season?
Crunchy Spicy Tuna!!! Oh so Delicious!I underestimated Arizona....This place was just awesome!They have the best happy hour I have seen even in LA. $5.00 beers and $5.00 sushi 8pm-close. Yup we closed the place. It a small little whole in the wall restaurant that is located in a shopping center next to a subway.We arrived here after our 7 hour Drive from LA to AZ. The place closed at 10...i think, but we arrived at 11:15 and they still let us order food and beer! YAYEven after we were done....they let us order dessert! Excellent Service and Awesome Staff. Oh Yen Sushi...You had me at Hello....
Short one... Really fun, Characters are fantastic. Definitely see the gun shoot out and the old time photos are worth the kinda expensive price. good time for all ages.
Umm....  I didn't like it.  Apparently I'm the only one?We went to Sweet Republic last night, drove 30 minutes because 141 reviews and a 5 star rating was reason enough.  I'm a little perplexed by the rating, I keep thinking I must have ordered the wrong flavors?We tried the salted butter carmel, rocky road and malt with chocolate waffle cone.  I didn't really care for any of them.  The flavor was so mild that I felt completely unsatisfied.  So unsatisfied that we ended up leaving and driving to Yogurtology to do the job of filling our sweet tooth.I won't be back...
If there is a heaven, Binkley's is the restaurant that is featured. By far the most amazing meal of my life. It was so amazing that we made a detour on our trip to come back a week later. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water. The only way to experience Binkley's to the fullest is to have their tasting menu with the wine accompaniment. It is out of this world. The first time I went I got the 6 course tasting menu, which in actuality is 30 courses and about 4 hours of eating and drinking.Some of the highlights:- Tater tot with cheese foam- Pomegranate bomb - Crab appetizer (crab cooked three different ways)- Roasted Sunchoke Soup- Miniature sloppy joe- Cheese fondue- Halibut  - Bread puddinThe second time ( a week later) I got the 5 course tasting menu with wine, which in actuality is 20-25 courses and about  3.5 hours of eating and drinking.Some of the highlights:- Shrimp Ceviche- Three Temperature Steak Tartare- Green apple bomb- Prigord Black Truffle & Wild Mushrooms en Papillote- Ivory King Salmon- Mint chocolate chip shot with a mint consumme- Strawberry souffle served with a banana creme anglaise- Pumpkin Pie PannacottaBoth times at Binklley were amazing--the service is impeccable, the food is heaven in your mouth and the atmosphere is elegant. I will be making special trips to Cave Creek, AZ just for Binkley's. This is a foodies paradise!
I decided to write this really quickly while I was still full from the deliciousness that is the Tasty Turkey. My sis used to work for Bruegger's Bagels back in the day and brought me home millions of bagels... this is how my obsession began (thanks for that Christine - probably has lead to my wheat allergy...) Anyway, the sandwich is served on an Asiago cheese bagel, I prefer the garlic one... tastes better with the chive cream cheese. Add cucumber, tomato, sprouts and of course turkey and you have yourself one tasty sammie. I only give 4 stars, 5 if my pickle wasn't always so shriveled. Also, 5 if you weren't so darn expensive. And, 5 if you were open past 4pm, some of us want to eat you for dinner!
Waiting for Arrogant Butcher to open, my patience was low, apprehension was high, and excitement was through the roof. Finally, the day has come when it was mine to try. Fox Concepts are hit and miss with me, as some of the ones I love are super cheesy (Olive and Ivy, Modern Steak, Bloom), and some that I don't love are ones that are extremely popular (Sauce, Blanco, and Zinburger.)What sets Arrogant Butcher apart from the rest is it is the first downtown Phoenix restaurant that Fox RC has put out there. I'm sure they are nervous, and you can tell that from the design of the restaurant... it's much smaller than normal like they are testing the waters, yet in other ways it excels in the money spent meter. Three beautiful private dining rooms, a chef's counter facing the exhibition kitchen which they spared no expense on, and a great four sided bar in the middle. The atmosphere is a definite throwback to the 40's and 50's, which is nice considering you can't find that in many places downtown. It's truly a feel of an old tavern and restaurant. Arrogant Butcher went out of their way to support local. Almost all of the beers on the tap as well as on the bottle list are Arizona breweries, there are pictures all over the restaurant of historic Phoenix landmarks and famous people, and they have done a great job of engaging the street with the patio and entrance. Yup, Sam Fox, the guy who is building a national empire of restaurants, brought downtown Phoenix a place that gives a nice sense of community.As for the food, all apprehensions were set aside when the bowl of mussels in wine sauce with spicy pork shoulder, roasted grape tomatoes, and french fries came to the table. The dish was outstanding and had me wishing I could drink the broth. My main course of the crab stuffed chicken, served cordon blue style, with myers lemon and capers was also a very well executed dish. It was served with sauteed spinach underneath which I ate ridiculously quick. Other items on the menu sounded great, and AB offers a list of meats and cheeses, as well as a daily special that rotates weekly, and a nice array of sandwiches and salads for lunch. The desserts are fantastic as well, especially the peanut butter cup dessert, which is not served the way you would think it is, and includes cookies for dipping. So no, this restaurant is not a locally owned, mom and pop style place, but rather it is a restaurant with a formula that is crowd pleasing, set in a location that could really use something of it's type, with the power to draw people in by the numbers. My biggest impression? on the first dinner service night, there were absolutely no hiccups in service. Our waitress, bussers, and drink people were all absolutely spot on. Keep it coming, Arrogance.
We went here after finding a coupon on groupon.com.  The service was good and friendly and the restaurant was quaint.  It definitely has the neighborhood bistro feel.  The food... not so good.  We ordered the special appetizer with shrimp, tomatoes, and garlic bread.  The garlic bread was stale.  I ordered the Chicken Toscano, which sounded yummy with with artichokes, prosciutto and Mozzarella.  It tasted like Chicken soaked in butter with ham.  The prosciutto was probably the worst quality I have ever experienced.  My boyfriend ordered Sergio's Ravioli and I would say for $14 we could have gotten Costco's frozen pasta to last us a week and it tastes much better!
I was looking for a neighborhood joint that wasn't a chain and I found one with Lux.  It's a neighborhood coffee in the truest sense. You've got all your regular characters - dude who looks like Jesus, hippie chick in her cool hippie skirt, aspiring artists (one overweight hipster even wearing a beret), couples pulling up on bicycles, old guys reading the paper. Truly local people with a sense of silent comaraderie - you just KNOW not to be yapping on your cell in there.You can feel comfortable and feel like you can disappear for a few hours.  Good, solid espresso drinks, free WiFi.  If you live in the area, you should definitely be a patron and support this local spot (as opposed to Starbucks down the street on Lola up the street).  I dig it.
If you like Pina Coladas, and getting caught in the rain ... if you're not into yoga, and you have half a brain ....  DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACEIf you are a middle aged individual who wants to hit the dance floor and show off your tired dance moves to Beyonce and Chris Brown on a Saturday night while paying $11.50 for a vodka redbull, then this is the place for you!I love Jimmy Buffet and I love the Margaritaville in Vegas, but this place somehow derailed miserably.
When it comes to higher end quality pizza and pasta in town this is up there on my list. It's mainly getting 4 stars for food quality and lack of wait time. Unlike other well known pizzerias, my wait was just about 2 minutes. Of course if I had opted to eat inside it would have been a bit longer but not by much. I chose the patio, completely shaded and equip with misters I didn't mind not being in the air conditioning. After looking at the menu for a good while, I decided to build my own pizza, choosing the wild mushrooms, locally made sausage, garlic and spinach. Just having the option to personalize your pizza is nice. The crust is done well and not soggy. I also ordered up their house salad which comes dressed (while good in hind sight I would ask for it on the side) and especially loved the garbanzo bean garnish, such tasty morsels along with several other fresh ingredients. The worst thing about The Parlor is the parking. They offer a complementary Valet but it still ends up being a mess as these guys run all over trying to move and park cars while other people are also trying to find parking, which is limited.
What shall  I tell you first?Another great strip mall non descript place hidden in an industrial area. I do have to say they did a great job making the restauarant look clean , inviting and very functional for a very small space. I definitely will be back ...love the smoky flavor of the meat, sweet and throughly washing the meat with flavor  and the sweet pink ring  that makes the meat  and you know its the real  smoky deal. they have lots of choices of sauces but it was juicy and flavorful enough that I could have eaten it without sauce. The flavors were great  all around even my daughter's waffle fries was really tasty. We loved the smoky sweet white BBQ beans. Our friends Paul and Paula ( see Paul I mentioned you ...now write your own darn review)  had brisket and a tasty smoked sausage which looked great and the bites I had were delicious.  Prices are very reasonable and the service was perfect. Look for them at local farmers markets , Friday night dinners (prime and ribs mmm)  and hopefully a bigger site s I can bring my friends.
Last night I tweeted asking for dinner recommendations in the Gilbert area.  I did get a few responses thanks to @ericeatsout and @lynnekingsmith, but we were actually pretty far out in the middle of nowhere, so we ended up finding our way to Pho Ao Sen on our way home instead.  The restaurant itself is clean and has an upscale feel to it compared to most of the other Vietnamese restaurants in town.  Service was friendly, but we found the menu a bit limited and the quality of the meat not amazing.  We started with the (#2)Goi Cuon- Spring Roll appetizer (minus the pork).  They came out quickly and were really good.  For our entrees, I had the (#7) Korean style beef short ribs and Jared went for the (#21) Pho Ga (aka Chicken Noodle Soup).  We both agreed entrees were just alright.  I also had a coconut juice beverage which I later learned came from a can.  Bottom line: Is this place "simply PHO'nomenal" as their tagline says?  Not so much... and we probably won't be rushing back anytime soon, but it was A-OK.
I am a big fan of Carly's all around. I don't usually come here for the food, although I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered. The vegan wrap was excellent as was the grilled cheese and the prices were fair. I'm confident that if I end up  here with the drunken munchies, I can at least score some damn good hummus.The beer selection is wonderful (and fitting for the Roosevelt Hood)compared to many other places in Phoenix. Happy hour is a really great deal and I'm always pleased with the $4 house wine. Sometimes a little too pleased with it as one glass turns into 3 and somehow is capped off with a shot of Jameson. Oops, done that more than once.I've done the dining side and the bar side, and I very much prefer the bar not because sitting at a table sucks (service is a touch slow), but because I really like planting myself on a stool and chatting with the staff  on slower nights- I think they're pretty cool.If this place is cool enough for Annie of St. Vincent to chill before she goes on stage at Modified (I wasn't really stalking, just gawking at her coolness), it's ok in my book. Really, this is one of my favorite places here.
I chose BLT for my birthday dinner a few weeks ago. We were given a  table with an excellent view and our server started off great. He recommended a few different cocktails and told us about the daily specials. The popovers were amazing and I loved that they gave us the recipe to them. I'm eager to try and recreate these masterpieces in my own kitchen.My oysters were fresh, the sides we chose (the asparagus and the Potato Gratin) were both were excellent. The only problem was our steaks were barely luke warm when we received them. They were cooked to our preferences, but both were almost cold. We attempted to send them back but it seemed at that point our waiter disappeared. After several minutes of trying to make eye contact with someone working we decided to just eat before the rest of our food got cold. I had great expectations for BLT, unfortunately the cold steaks and lackluster service at the end will not justify a return visit. I'm still going with 3 stars, because steaks aside everything else was great.
Gelato hits the Central corridor. Just north of Highland, underneath Landmark Towers. This is like V-J day for some of us CenPho dwellers. Sweet Venezia opened yesterday. The space is modern and clean, with wi-fi and a few flat screen TVs.I went with a friend this evening and we sampled, well... everything. Lemoncello sorbet, profiterole, mascarpone caramel pistachio (that's one flavor) -- everything tasted great and had just the right level of moderate sweetness. Sweet Venezia also has espresso drinks and assortment of pastries. We met one of the owners, Luisa, and she's quite nice. She says that the business will be open from 11AM to 10PM every day.  Welcome to the neighborhood!
Guess what? Jimmy's serves breakfast! Yes, it's true. They do! And yes, I was actually at Jimmy's early enough in the morning to witness the breakfast menu. And guess what? The breakfast is good! Imagine breakfast with an Italian twist. Imagine an omelet with pepperoni -- toast replaced with Italian bread -- a breakfast sandwich within an Italian hoagie. Do you have a good picture in your mind? Then you've got breakfast at Jimmy's. Here's a word of warning. The breakfast is huge! It's large, delicious and in charge. The omelet takes up the entire plate. The breakfast sandwich is the size of a Philly cheese steak. The breakfast parfait is in a large bowl. But, each bite is delicious. So, next time you're up early, you're in the area and you're hungry for a hearty breakfast, check out Jimmy's!
I enjoyed my visit to Vintage 95 on a Thursday night..this place is lovely and feels more like a date night with your honey.  In my opinion the restaurant is a classy and cozy addition to DT chandler. My husbster ordered burger and I ordered the grouper. We loved our entrees and I sampled the fries and they were excellent. I had a jammy, balanced red wine and Mr h had the epicenter beer. We normally don't order dessert but we decided to share a dessert...a fancy apple pie with vanilla gelato.  I don't plan on going here too often because the food is too delicious and will make me fat..I might return just for a drink and share a appetizer.  It's a litte on the pricier side but worth it if your treating yourself out.
I used a groupon for lunch at this place which was a smoking deal. And I really wanted to like it. I really did. But unfortunately the food was just not good. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap. The tortilla was very dry which made the whole thing fall apart. I had to cut it up and eat it with a fork. And if it wasn't for a few drops of buffalo sauce that I saw but couldn't taste, I probably would have sent it back thinking it wasn't what I ordered. It didn't taste like it had any sauce what-so-ever in it. I would've guessed it was a grilled chicken wrap with no sauce. And the little "salad" that came on the side was more like some leaves of lettuce with a drop of oil on them. There was no flavor at all!This place does deserve some credit for the atmosphere. The place is super cute and the service was good. All of the staff was very friendly and I really liked the feel of the place. Which made it even more upsetting the food didn't match the ambiance. But I will give this place another try. Maybe in the evening because it looks like it might be a cool place to chill and have a drink!
Another DDD try, we had to come here twice. The first time it was just to crowded. Glad we came back. I really enjoyed the daily special, which changes every day. Also enjoyed the waffles. Wife and daughter enjoyed the usual eggs and hashbrowns. Very friendly service would come again!
Food was okay.  To the staff:1) If it is happy hour let me know when I order and could have saved a little money.  2) Please refill my water while I am eating.
Remember your first? Kind of awk, there were lots of adult beverages and too many people around, maybe you were both trying a bit too hard, but then you felt elated afterward? Yeah, Geisha a Go-Go was like that. Although I was much like Cameron Diaz in my best friend's wedding (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTSBUUpoqRQ) overall I had a rad time at this karaoke bar, mostly due to the company. If I had to rate this spot on sushi alone, they'd probably get a 3, and although the fries tasted fishy, we kept eating them. Fries at a sushi bar, you ask? Yes, yes indeed. The menu was a bit overwhelming  - sometimes it's better to have fewer options rather than more - although I thought the Geisha Lips, Astroboy and Dragonball rolls were standouts. The drink menu is predictably strong and fruity, with kudos to the infused sakes, lots of bubbles options (although only one by the glass), and the Kotori Kick.Would I go back to Geisha? Well, she was my karaoke first, so she'll always hold a special place in my heart. So, yes.P.S. Do not miss a stop in the bathroom. Seriously.
I love this place...everything here is fabulous...its ice cream treats...everyone can find something to love...i know that i have...the owners oncd again have done a fabulous job...this place is crowded for a purpose...because its amazing and fun...i love it
Delux, seriously. It's well-done. The kitchen stays open until 2am and the Grilled Cheese is out of this "californian cuisine" galaxy. I had to switch from the Delux Burger because I think it stopped my heart for a few seconds in my sleep the night I decided to take it all in. I'm usually just here for the beer anyways and it's not bad with 17+ on tap.No can do on Friday/ Saturday night. The wait will be an hour. Yes, still. Shut up you CenPho/ Biltmore trendsters.... oh wait.
I went to Karey's Kitchen again, today. Things have settled down a bit since the grand opening, so I got a better feel for what an  "average day"  would actually be like. Same warm, loving greeting. I witnessed that the owners seem to be  on a first name basis with their frequent patrons/"regulars". It's very comforting to see. They even remembered ME! We tried different burritos this time around. The beef machada & chicken adoba. They were PHENOMENAL. Of course the pork adoba is STILL my favorite & even better than I remembered! The egg rolls are the perfect appetizer. Crunchy with a unique flavor & delicious dipping sauces. And we musn't forget the perfect ending to a Karey's Kitchen meal. The very mysterious "cassava cake", homemade by Puring, the family matriarch. It was still warm from the oven.... I tried to pry the "top secret" ingredients out of her once again...to no avail. It really is a little piece of heaven that makes your tastebuds DANCE!  I REALLY love this place. And the amazing people that own & operate it. I definitely wish to be one of those first name basis "regulars" I spoke of earlier. If you haven't yet gone to Karey's Kitchen...DO IT! You will be SO glad you did!
Cheap Saki-BombersGreat happy hour specialsCompetetive sushi pricesall in all a much preferred alternative to that rip off sushi chain down the street; if you're tired of that dimly lit, over inflated, always busy shite-hole down the way, please, by all means come check out their competition, i guarantee you'll be pleased if not stoked. When I'd saw that UNO's had closed I was beginning to fear for the lives of other little business's along that stretch of mill, admittedly it's been a sad state of affairs ever since Borders closed shop, but then that bright yellow sign with bold red letters that read Kanpai was emblazoned on the facade and I was sure it was a change for the better. Kanpai is stand up joint, and what they may lack in ambience they more than make up for in prices, accomodation, and taste. without a doubt "A-OK!"
This is a definite gastropub with a chic gothic rocker vibe.  The decor is a mixture of wood, velvet, and metal. I'd come here to just sit and stare in awe at the fabulous decor and details, like the huge chandeliers...but I'd easily get distracted with the enticing food and drink options on their menu.  Me and the boyfriend also came here to eat and drink while visiting a friend in Scottsdale. For appetizers we ordered the potato chips and mussels which were both good. It wasn't until we finished off the food before I realized everyone around us ordered the pretzel fondue...oops!  Next time that'll be on the to-do list!  Needless to say we filled our bellies with drinks and finished off our night with some ooey gooey apple monkey bread :)
Two stars for the effort.  I'm a huge fan of re-use and love to get off the beaten track to find a hip little joint like the Tuck Shop.  And this is true-it's hip and homey.  But some of the little design tricks of deconstructionism came across as budgetary decisions rather than being based in design.  A little bit college architecture project.But the food has to be great, too.  We ordered ceviche which was so tough and fishy, no one at the table ate it.  We ordered the waffles and chicken, which were delish, but the greens were bitter and tough.  All excusable, if everything else was great, but our waiter was clueless.  He was interrupty and sort of arrogant.  I don't know-it just felt like we weren't cool enough to be there or something.  We felt like they wanted us to hurry up and leave....To the extent that I actually looked at their hours to make sure we weren't staying past kitchen closing. I'll try it again, but not if I see that waiter working.
I was beginning to think there was no such thing as good frozen yogurt in Arizona.  I mean we had all kinds of fro yo back in San Jo!  And it was the bomb!!  But here....MoJo just does not do it for me and I have not found anything I really liked.........until now!!My daughter sighted Kokomo when we went to dinner at La Fonda.  It's just a couple of doors down so we had dessert here.  8 rotating flavors, lots of toppings, clean and modern looking.  And they have a great variety of toppings too.  Mochi, fresh fruit, carob chips, graham cracker crumbs (a personal favorite), and they have a nice glass jar full of lemon water to help yourself.  I think .38 cents an ounce is resonable.  We got two cups for just a little over 5 dollars.  Not bad at all!  The yogurt was yummy too.  Not too creamy, not icy, just right.  I had vanilla and raspberry and my daughter had vanilla and chocolate.  Ya, we tend to be traditionalists.  The young man behind the cash register was very nice and friendly.  He gave us a punch card and it's close to our house so I can see when the weather is 115 outside, we will be coming here to cool off!Thanks Kokomo!!
I kept hearing about this place from my buddy's GF and so we decided on a day trip to check this place out...Being from Atlanta, it was nice to walk into a place all things reefer and not feel too completely weirded out by it (it's not like we are in Amsterdam, were still stateside!).  The place is kind of narrow- the food prep on the left, seating on the right.  The counter has a huge menu posted, which I would suggest doing some research beforehand- or else you will have a stupified face (like myself) when its time to order.  I told them I was from Atl, and they were most accomodating.  They also have some nice baked goods at the counter too (I snagged a rice krispy for a snack).I didn't live too dangerously- I got the Hawaiian sub and kept it just meat, cheese, and pineapple.  The lady making the sandwich insisted it was too boring so I told her to throw a suprise ingredient in there- I am pretty sure it was oregano ;).  The bread was great, and the flavors were good as well.  There was a drink machine that had Hawaiian Punch too but I forgot it it was pepsi or coke products (i was in a haze... oops).If reefer culture doesn't offend (it's not like you are walking into Bob Marley's living room and getting a contact high) you and you want a filling toasted sub, then this place is worth a shot!Now if they can only open one up on the East Coast :)
Excited to try the new DD I arrive and see a line out the door. Good sign I think.. As I wait in line for 12 minutes I come to realize it is not the fact that so many are here for the new revamped DD.. It is because of the kid working behind the register.. I finally get my turn and here goes:Me - I'll take the # 5 with an ice coffeeDD - Uhh I don't know if I can do that, it won't let me put ice in the register machineMe- Ok well can you ring it in as normal but make it iced instead of hot?DD - I guess but I could get in trouble((Thoughts - From who the DD ice fairly? Gimme a break!))Me - I won't tellDD - We are out of the egg white scramble..Me - Ok then #1 with an ice coffeeRepeat conversation above. NO JOKE.The sausage muffin thing was gross, the amount of sugar they added to my coffee immediately began to rot my teeth. Will not be going back.
This was my second visit to Blue Adobe, and I won't be back. The first visit was for a family birthday dinner, about 10 people, and they had trouble coordinating our tables, goofed up our orders, and generally didn't seem to care about us much at all. But the food was tasty (once they got it right) so I thought I'd try again with the EVFN group.Two of the staff seemed trying to help, but everyone else either ignored us or seemed inconvenienced by all of us ordering dinner and drinks. What a mess.Now I know the service problem wasn't a fluke. It seems to be a restaurant living on a very good cook's skills in the kitchen, and those skills are the only reason it isn't getting a single star. For good New Mexican style food, I'd suggest Los Dos Molinos not too far away.
My dining partner and I ended up here for lunch because our original destination was closed. After ordering, we dove into the unlimited free peanuts.. so far so good. However, once we got into the burger and fries, our experience began to go downhill. Maybe it's unfair, but I compare every burger I eat to In-N-Out. This cheeseburger just didn't measure up. It wasn't bad, but not great either. We also shared an order of the Cajun fries, which weren't anything special. The worst was right after we finished eating. My dining partner and I both had the feeling you get when you eat junk food that didn't even satisfy you, but instead leaves you feeling crappy.  Another thing- I spent $5 for a cup of water and a small cheeseburger. I could get a cheeseburger, fries and a small drink at In-N-Out for the same price. Needless to say, I will not be returning to Five Guys.
had this bookmarked for the longest time,  and finally made it to the parlor for lunch on friday.  the patio was full so we dined indoors. I ordered the margherita pizza and a small parlor insalata. i misread the menu and did not notice the salad had salami, which I do not like and I picked around it.  i probably should of sent it back but I was way too full to eat anymore salad since the pizza come out shortly after the salad. i don't get all the hype around the pizza here, I did like fresh mozzarella and tomatoes and basil on my pizza, but I was not overly impressed.  it is a nice space and the patio looks cozy and I liked that the tables are recycled from a restaurant that closed down in the area.  sorry it was just ok in my opinion.
Didn't think I've ever review a Subway, now did ya?  I don't crave Subway very often, but when I do, this is where I go and get exactly the same thing every time - footlong spicy italian on honey oat w/pepper jack, toasted, spinach, tomatoes, extra jalapenos, easy mayo, s&p, oil & vinegar.  EVERY TIME.  If you're considering Subway in this neighborhood and forced to choose between this one and the one on 46th St / Thomas, come here.  The other Subway is disgusting, dirty and the employees are always in back, talking on their cell phones, and generally don't seem to give two shits that they're employed; generally they do it all simultaneously, which is impressive.  Just don't come here if you hate the Broncos (dude always wears a Broncos cap) or can't stand really screwed up parking lots.  They're located in one of the most convoluted parking lots I can think of (Tempe Marketplace, notwithstanding).  Five dollar, five dollar, five dollar footlong...(actually $5.42 w/tax).
This is the Irish bar in its purest form. Plenty of dart boards line the walls and pitchers float around by the dozen. There are a few long drinking hall style tables which are always entertaining for big groups. The service staff is no-nonsense, but good. The crowd is my favorite aspect at the Dubliner. None of the typical Scottsdale attitudes and cheeziness will be found here . . . and if it is, it won't stay long. Good live music takes it up a notch and puts it into the top five of my favorite bars in town.
Jade Palace on Pinnacle Peak in North Scottsdale was my "go-to" Chinese place for years... so when I moved to Old Town, I felt a bit lost and haven't been able to find consistent Chinese nearby ever since.  I've recently found a few options in Phoenix, but after a recent take-out experience with friends and last night's meal dining in at this JP location, I think I may become a regular!We met my parents for dinner here, and everyone was pleased with the meal.  Service was spot-on, atmosphere was fine, drinks were cold and refilled often (the beers even came with chilled glasses), and most important, the food was fabulous!I took charge of the food order for our party of four but allowed everyone to chime in of course.  Here's what we had:Appetizers: *1 large order New York Egg Rolls (2 total egg rolls but we had them cut in half so each of us had a half... delicious!)*1 large order BBQ Spare Ribs (8 per order)Entrees:*Lo Mein Noodles with Shrimp and (extra) Broccoli*Dry Sauteed String Beans (1 small order)*House Specialty #9 (Kung Pao Three Delicacies) - Sea Scallops, Jumbo Prawns, and sliced Flank Steak in Kung Pao Sauce*Mu Shu Chicken Of course, this was all served with plenty of white rice as well.We ate almost everything, and the only negative I can say is that unfortunately, we didn't have leftovers to take home!  Another perk for this location? Sweet Republic is in the same shopping center, so if you save room, head over there for dessert!
THE VEGETARIAN ANGLE:Dinner for four at 6:30pm on a First Friday could have been trouble, but there was no waiting, no rushed service, and no diminished quality from the kitchen.We were seated in the corner bench area in what I'd call a "studio restaurant" -- 12 or so seats, 5 bar stools, and in-your-face adjacent, bustling kitchen made for a lively and somehow uncramped 2-hour meal.Chef Osburn's menu had us perplexed by the varied and extensive offerings coming out of that tiny kitchen.  We spent 15 minutes discussing the menu and sipping APP: The white bean trio finds a way to present cannellini in three distinguished ways, but the puree with truffle oil lingers after the plate is taken away and breaks the three-way tie. The bread is deceivingly ordinarily looking, has a dusting of seasoning and absorbs olive oil very well.  [memorable ingredient: TRUFFLE OIL]SALAD: With Mom I shared the grape, apple, arugula salad that's served with blood oranges, smoked paprika cashews, and the most appropriately light application of blue cheese dressing I've ever had.  The oranges gushed, the apples snapped and crunched, the cashews were not overly smoked, and the arugula was crisp, not limp.  [memorable ingredient: perfectly purple BLOOD ORANGE fillets]MAIN: The gnocchi with season vegetables (artichokes, butternut squash, shitake mushrooms, leeks) reminded me that the fare at Centurion is decidedly French-Italian.  The sherry reduction with a touch of cream draws a sweetness across the top of rich squash, nutty mushrooms, and lemony artichokes...very lemony.  The gnocchi themselves were plump with a satisfying tooth-feel without being mushy or gummy or too potato-forward.  The dish -- like the others -- came out piping out, and with any pasta+cream dish, was best in the first 5-10 minutes.  [memorable ingredient: SHERRY]DESSERT: The table shared two: the espresso cup and the flourless chocolate cake.  The centerpiece item of the first was a dark chocolate demitasse cup -- yes, an espresso cup made from chocolate -- filled with an espresso mousse and toped with molten caramel.  The dense chocolate cup was a fun transport for the airy mousse.  (Idea: A graham cracker baked lid might have made this an interesting s'mores update.)  The flourless cake was also dense but not brick-dense, and the accompanying berry and apple-lemon purees made each bite a bit different. [memorable ingredient: APPLE-LEMON puree]SERVICE: During dinner the delightful server showed acumen in food knowledge and was attentive to everything from water to wine to cutlery to change for the parking meter.  When we arrived, the restaurant was serving about five guests.  When we left Centurion's small dining area and front patio were full.A strong meal for sure. I'll be back to try Sunday brunch soon.
Always have to drop a note about Paradise Bakery - simply one of my ALL TIME FAV. places to go.  If you have never tried, then you must go.  I love everything they have.  soups, salads, sandwiches, COOKIES .... YUMTook some pics this time, and it was packed ... even at off lunch hours!  Crazy!
I loved this place.I usually judge mexican on the staples :rice, chips & salsa and drinks. All of the above rocked. Not only that, but they serve spicy beans to dip your chips in. DELISH! We were seated promptly and with a smile! The waitress was also attentive (making sure our glasses were full) yet not overbearing! I had the tacos i could barely finish one but thats because I ate EVERYTHING! :)A great place for a nice hot meal and a place to converse with your company.
I drove 50 miles to check this place out and had a hard time finding it!It's definitely not your typical frozen yogurt bar.I tried a few of the flavors as well as the vanilla custard.The best (and only reason I would come here) is the Twangy Tart!It's sour just like plain yogurt but with a hint of sweetness to cut the bite and a refreshing icy texture. It's insanely Delicious on it's own or paired with some fresh fruit.They have a beautiful assortment of Fresh Fruit toppings but I felt their other toppings were lacking.I decided on the Twangy Tart with strawberries (see picture)I'm giving 5 stars  based on the unique plain yogurt flavor "Twangy Tart" and their Beautiful "Fresh Fruit" selection, I wish they were closer to me.ETA: My SloganOnce you try the Twang you'll be like Daaaaaang! And Nothing else will ever be the same!
02.06.10First Guy Fieri stop of the trip.  I was uber excited.The sign that says "immediate seating available" was lit.  I got more excited.  Then we got to the front and there's a 20 minute wait.  Fail.We finally sat down and ordered rather quickly.  I was very impressed by the waitress' memorization abilities.  Four girls, four different orders, no screw ups!Skip the over easy iced coffee [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=DRcQS3U0pmtHcqY6Zc89sA] unless you want to throw money down the drain.  I was pretty sold on the condensed milk, which I tasted none of.The over easy [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=0MzUIc2RG7fhoSWUZWsQsg] was pretty amazing.  Toasted brioche with sauteed spinach, fried egg, natural jus with bacon and scallions.  I love it when the egg yolk runs all over the plate and flavors the rest.Brioche french toast with powdered sugar [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=pTqJm4xH8-P3jMHjSs0YTQ].  Nothing out of the park spectacular, but a decent piece of bread.Skip the peanut butter and jelly french toast [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=B9ZFxdlGAxglX8F_bisMEw].  They actually ran out when we were there, and this was their last one.  It counts as a half order, but Marti L. got it for free.  Cholla!The omelets [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=3tlYcgH0q81PXep-GPUpvg] are not for the faint of heart.  These are huge, and comes with a heaping side of tater tots [insert Napoleon Dynomite joke here].Decent prices, good service, but food is hit or miss.
While the Tempe Pita Jungle will always be my favorite, I can't help but appreciate the different atmosphere of its sister location in Chandler. The restaurant is large AND offers a bar. During the day, it attracts more of a family atmosphere along with young professionals on their lunch break.  It's more of a hot date spot at night. It does overlook a lake, which makes it a bit romantical.You'll find all the usual suspects on the menu. Be sure to try the Roasted Pepper Hummus, the Pesto Pizza or the Pita Pizza for some deliciousness.BIG NEWS: There's a new Pita Jungle opening in Mesa, across from Mesa Community College, in December.
How people can love this restaurant is beyond me. I've been to multiple locations and they were all disappointing. The only reason it gets two stars instead of one is because I thought their breakfast was OK.Every time I go here I am unimpressed. My food comes out cold, overcooked and overall very bland. The only good thing are the biscuits you get to munch on beforehand. Even the cornbread tastes bland. I didn't think that was possible!Boring and bland. I'd rather spend my money on The Waffle House.
Since Mr. K's excellent review, Underwraps has made a few changes. (Hey! Maybe they read your review?) You can now order salads (five types from Asian or Greek to Caesar or Cobb) and the sides to chose from include potato chips (which ROCK and are made in-house), potato salad or pasta salad (they scratched the fries). The grilled vegetable wrap IS tasty: kalamata olives, grilled squash, roasted green peppers, red onion, lemon vinaigrette, but I also really like to do the scrambled egg (crispy bacon, caramelized onion, tomato and melted provolone cheese). They even make it egg whites only for me!I do think a lot of their business is catering... and they've got some good offers. You can serve 11-14 people assorted wraps for just $50! This place is close to where I work and it's not generally too crowded, so it's easy enough to get in and out. I'm gonna round up and give it four stars for taste and convenience!
I enjoy the juicy, succulent taste of murder, but I've also got friends that would skin me if I took them to a steak house. To avoid compromising the values of my veggie friends by forcing them to make me man meat, it's always best to choose a place with plenty of greens on the menu. Pita Jungle is the perfect harmony between flesh renders and herbivores. And it doesn't just have the "hold the chicken" type vegg friendly option on the menu, it's got lentils and shit.Now, since we've already established that I live under rocks, you can just go ahead and assume I've never been to Pita Jungle. What can I say, the grub hunting was good. But after my first visit you can bet your skinny little vegan ass I'll be noshing right next to you on a regular basis. The restaurant has apparently expanded twice since it's been open and it was still hoppin' last night, with an open, airy feel and interesting artwork decorating the walls. We hovered over the seating section booth thingy and were told to go ahead and steal any open seat we liked. Some may find this annoying and unorganized, but I really like it when they let me do that part of their job for them, so we snagged a table for two right next to the window so I could watch some dog TV, which was showing a tig old biddy sorority girl special based on the number of perky young freshman coming and going in the parking lot. (Side note: Big old windows are like big screen dog TVs because dogs don't watch human TV, they keep track of the cats trotting through their territory and bark at the mailman and monitor the comings and goings of the neighborhood through windows. At least in my experience. I'll be sitting there glued to the tube and the dogs will be sitting there glued to the window. End tangent. Thanks for your patience.)Others have complained about the poor service at this location, but surprise (sarcasm) Mr. Man ends up knowing the waiter assigned to our section, so we were promptly rewarded with menus and drinks. Not that I would have even noticed the wait since I was agape, trying to take in everything offered on a menu that just wouldn't quit. Eventually I grabbed hold of my indecision and narrowed it down to three options, the black bean burger, the lavosh shawarma wrap, or the Caribbean salad. We agreed that not having hummus simply wasn't an option so I went with the shawarma so I could pep it up with some left over hummus, and I really dig lavosh because it reminds me of saltines, which I don't really like that much, but are scrumptious in flatbread form. Mr. Man decided upon the grilled vegetable salad, because if you've ever met him, he really needs to watch his boyish figure (again, sarcasm).We ordered an extra pita for the hummus, which was overkill and we didn't even end up touching it because the "small hummus" ended up being freakin' huge and the pita was sized to match. It was smooth and creamy, and garnished with two of my favorite vegetables (or whatever an olive technically is), cucumbers and kalamata olives! My one gripe about the entire meal was that my chicken was overly dry and a smidgen bland, but the hummus more than made up for that lack in flavor. The side Greek salad that came with my wrap was also stupendous, with a hefty amount of feta and a delicious, light vinaigrette to counter that richness. Mr. Man's grilled vegetable salad was also very well done, with crisp veggies, lots of garlic and an awesome dressing. And this delish bounty of fresh, healthy food came to 20 bucks between the two of us and left us with enough leftovers for lunch tomorrow. I'll definitely be coming here again, and frequently, so I can get my daily dose of granola crunching hippies, sorority sisters, cooler than thou hipsters and SUV driving yuppies with their childrens all in one place. Unheard of!
The barista warned me as I ordered that I was about to start an addiction. Two lattes and a hot green tea later, I am realizing the gravity of his premonition.Cartel Coffee Lab has to be one of the coolest spots in Tempe. It is appropriately named as a place that would foster an addiction, and addicted I now am. It has the definite feel of an old warehouse. It is dimly lit, has high, exposed rafters and cooling vents, a concrete floor, and a usable garage door at the back. The layout is great, with a bar, several couches, and a good number of tables fully wired with plugs for the mac or pc-wielding crowd. It's a funky place, very urban; the main room is separated by an art installation made of bike tire rims. Cartel seems to attract a hugely eclectic group of patrons, from unbathed hipsters to ASU students to very cool coffee snobs. I sat next to the most interesting man, definitely a regular, and learned that he owns the old flour mill on Mill Ave! He also shared the most delicious almond cookie with me, baked by his father. Very cool. Yes, the coffee. The coffee and espresso are fantastic. People complain that the service is slow, but calmatevi amici, they are making the valley's best coffee, to order, and that takes time! Their beans are direct trade, roasted in house. Try the espresso - it's perfect. Regular coffee fan? They use the Clover, a single serve machine that makes every cup special, just for you. They will alternatively use this awesome manual system with paper filters to drip your coffee nice and slow. I like that they make you commit - large or small - and they keep their menu very simple, so you'll need to get your vanilla lattes elsewhere.  Their default milk is whole (so good), from a local organic farm - and so remember to ask for skim if you are watching that waistline. The baristas are super cool and friendly, and gave me a great welcome. Cartel is my new favorite caffeine haven. Thank you friend of a friend for the recommendation - I am a convert, and have definitely found my Tempe fix for a great, independent coffee house. I may have a hard time going anywhere else! (Don't worry Lux, you're still my first love, I promise.)
Why can't I give Carolina's SIX stars? I L-O-V-E this place and, if I could come to terms with being 500+ lbs and seriously reducing my life span, I would eat here twice a day. The Number 3 is where I go every time....taco, enchilada, AND tostada.....plus one of their amazing parachute-sized tortillas to compliment the meal. Their salsa is addicting, as well, and I go through a minimum of 6 small cups per meal. Another thing I love about Carolina's is that they haven't sold their soul to the soft drink corporate incentive gods....i.e. they have BOTH Coke and Pepsi products (as well as some exciting punches!).....way to give your patrons what they want! Lastly, if you ever want to cheer yourself up or just throw an impromptu party at your cubicle, go to their main website ( www.carolinasmex.com ) and let the sweet music brighten your day. I dare you not to smile!
Disgusting is the only word I can think of for this food.  Perfectly square orange colored deep fried fish that makes McDonalds fish filets seems like a gourmet meal!  The only thing resembling shrimp was the fact that they formed the fried "shrimp" into the proper shape.  After taking one bite of fish and one of shrimp I thought at least I have the french fries to eat.  They were nasty too!  I wasn't expecting anything fancy by any means, I came her because I wanted greasy fried fish and shrimp and the only part of that I got was grease.  I just don't understand the love for this place.
OMG!!  Nursing Home Food Alert***So bland I am not going to send this review to any friends on Yelp or anywhere.With all these decent reviews I wonder if I am reviewing the same or right place as say Arlin or Eli??  Went here before Costco, because he all know what happens when you go to Costco hungry right?I also wanted to get some sliced sourdough bread for dinner which I did.OK, this food had no taste.  Bland, boring, cheap ingredients.  No spices, no fresh spices, soup tasted like something from a can or mix.  The soup was a starchy mess.Had the half and half dreadful special.Half chicken salad, very dry and very skimpy on the chicken salad. Comparing that to Paradise chicken salad, I would give Not so Wildflower a 1/10 and Paradise a 9/10.  Both in terms of quality and quantity.  It was also seriously flavorless.I always wondered why people in nursing homes suffered from so much depression, and I think it has something to do with the starchy, bland, boring food they serve people in those places.My wife had the BLT the chicken dumpling soup.  Again, bland, sloppily put together and tasteless.Seriously people 5 stars for this crap??  Really??Skip this dump and go to Paradise where they at least flavor their food and make the salads in front of you.The staff looked miserable here too. Crappy, the water tasted like chemicals and added lemon which gave it a lemony chemical taste.  Not good.  Tried to spice soup up a bit with pepper as they don't have hot sauce in bottles like PARADISE.One star for not making me ill and one star for the sliced loaf of sourdough.Won't be back, yuck.Ps something seriously changed in the quality in the 2 years since I was last there?Update: 1/28/2012Lous the owner has responded and I wish I knew how to post our back and forth but don't know how to do it yet.  Either way, I am very impressed with his taking my concerns seriously and have bumped up to 3 stars for his great responses and his donation of my refund (I didn't want one really) to a no kill animal shelter.  I admire a business owner that takes customers seriously.  Great job Louis and thank you!!
i had heard this place is just a little bit famous...and consequently attracts herds of people and long waits (no surprisingly). but with time to kill before my flight home, 2:30 on a monday seemed like a safe bet to dine without the crowds they are known for. Success! the place was virtually empty.there is something magical about pizza cooked in a wood fire oven - it really has the best taste.  obviously that great taste stems from the organic ingredients and homemade mozzarella though! and on top of the wonderfully charred outer crust, it comes out in mere minutes. happiness for the A.D.D in us all :)you can never go wrong with margarita, but for something a bit more unique we decided to get the biancoverde - ricatto cheese on pizza is always a good thing, and the arugula piled on top only added to the deliciousness. It's traditionally served without sauce (server warned when we ordered, which was nice since we didnt realize), but they will add sauce to it if you like. im sure its great as its intended but i enjoyed it with sauce.we split between 3 of us for 2 slices each. decent for a small meal (since the crust is really thin). saw several people ordering a whole pie for themselves but i think splitting between 2 people is perfect to finish completely and be satisfied.i was kickin myself we didnt order the caprese salad that comes with their fresh baguettes sliced along with it. so bright, so fresh and delicious-looking.the chocolate shaved ice was a nice ending...light and airy.i loved the building, part of the historic buildings in Heritage Square of downtown phoenix. The little garden boxes out front and around the corner are charming.Free valet parking for customers.
At first glance curbside  it is aesthetically pleasing and  as you make your way inside the beautiful people greet you and escort you to your table .I suggest sitting  outside on the courtyard style patio, even in broad daylight this is a sexy place with it's large brick fireplace and for  intimate seating try and snag a  corner booth .The waitstaff is nothing  short of fabulous. You can see they take pride in doing their job well. They will carefully explain what you are about to experience  while your hands and eyes travel over the heavy soft leather covered delicate pages of the menu ,and offer suggestions .The Mission is a Spanish- French fusion style eatery The chef was trained in French Cuisine and he has melded that training carefully into the Spanish style dishes .I had the Brisket Torta ( actually i think it had me )thinly sliced  tender beef that literally melted on my tongue that was lightly drenched in a mild yet flavorful BBq type sauce that sat atop coleslaw that added a cool crispness to the hot soft beef. this Torta was texturally stimulating and the Aji Amarillo gave my taste buds a subtle barely there sting ,nothing within the soft bun competed for flavor it was harmonious ..A Fait Accompli .The presentation was lovely ,The made before your eyes tableside Guacamole is " wonderful " and prepared with care and to your liking .The taco trio is also delicious here .And they make strong drinks as well .The food is not to be rushed as something so well executed needs to be savored ......felt .Mission accomplished ...every time !5 stars for the stars in my eyes ....that continue to shine -visit after visit .
I will still quietly continue my love affair with Petite Maison, but I must knock one star off based on my last meal there.  I went for Sunday Brunch.  Service was impeccable, I loved our server.  My Eggs Benedict with boudin blanc couldn't have been more delicious (boudin blanc is "white sausage" made without the blood of the pig, using milk & eggs instead, very balanced and full of flavor).  The quiche was classically ideal- flakey, buttery crust and custardy goodness filled with salty lardons.  My issues were:1. The nutella sauce for the beignets had been cut with too much of something that tasted identical to hershey's syrup.  While I understand that nutella is a too thick for dipping on its own, whatever they used to thin it out masked that delicious hazelnut flavor.2. My smoked salmon starter lacked flavor and pizzaz.  It was just not the quality of fish a 5-star restaurant should be presenting.3. Who can really complain about unlimited mimosas?  Well, I can when the brand being served is Andr.  I know it's unlimited and all, but I would prefer to be charged a few extra Washington's and have something slightly higher on the scale.   Annnnnddddr for goodness sakes!  Petite Maison: I still love you but if you need a bit better sparkling wine on the cheap try Domaine St. Michelle for about $10/bottle.
Staff is great. Everyone knows what to do and when to do it. I had the corned beef on a hoagie roll toasted with Swiss and 1000 dressing. The meat was shaved like a porn star and had good flavor. The roll was fresh and tasty but not toasted enough. The Swiss was plentiful and not melted at all. Overall the sandwich was a 3.85. Nothing screams 5 stars yet.
We ate lunch here yesterday.  This location was filthy!  Food spilled all over the counter and on the floor.  It was hard not to step in it!  I had to ask if they had more chicken & pork (both of which were nearly empty and hadn't been refilled).  When we were seated the table in our booth was not wiped off and was sticky!  Gross!  We had to ask for water 3 times! Even though we saw at least 3 employees just standing around doing nothing!  C'mon people it's 112 degrees outside!! We're thirsty!!  The service was terrible and the whole dining experience at this location left a bad taste in our mouths!  We will not be back!!!!We have been to another location near P.V. Mall.  That location is always clean and service is very good.  If you like Genghis Grill Stir Fry...head over to that location!!!
After reading high reviews from friends Daren C., Iain B., & Brian S., it seemed time to give Bobby Q a try.  Mike C. joined me, & we ordered a couple of different meals at dinnertime to split up & try a number of items that are mentioned in the many reviews posted here.First off, this place has tons of character, inside & out.  I found it to be very comfortable & fun, right off the bat.Soon after getting settled in, a basket of cornbread, along with soft, whipped butter, landed on the table, & it was incredibly good!  One bite & my rating of the place soared from "Start" to 4-Stars!  At Daren C's recommendation, a Smokehouse Burger was ordered, along with shoestring potatoes, & Amanda K's review called for an order for the Smoked Link Sausage platter, & macaroni & cheese, & beans were the side dishes picked to go along with that.The burger & the macaroni & cheese both qualified as candidates for the best I've ever had of each... just amazingly good!!  Everything else was excellent too, & at the end a little bag containing a couple of tasty mini donuts arrived, adding to the fun of it all.  The service was friendly & attentive too.  This is a great restaurant!!Meal prices are reasonable for this kind of place, at about $10-25 per person, & the special running on this day was a big feast for two, for $30.  See you there soon!===========================7/29/11 Mini-Update:  Have been here more recently & it's still great!
So after coming here for the first time the other day, I'm thinking about starting a monthly "Golden Girls" fan club meeting and having here at Pugzies, anyone want in?    Wow, they have tried to keep this place unique with the entire building pained in the brightest teal blue you have ever see. The floral patterns throughout the place just want to make you run out and buy some Velcro walking shoes!Anyways, the food is great. A half sandwich is more than enough, I don't know any people that could eat an entire sandwich in one sitting.Plenty of sides to choose from, pasta salads and the like.  Several soup options with a few daily specials.This place is open at 10am (my lunch time) so I'll be here about one a week from now on.  Why have I never been here before?
I love to grocery shop. It's one of my favorite things. Even with a list, a trip to the grocery store takes me at least an hour because I am compelled to go up and down every aisle to see what new discoveries might be made. Therefore, you might think this would be a 5-star store for me. But it's not. It's too much. Even for me. What's worse, going up and down every aisle is nearly impossible because the aisles go in every which direction. Will I be back? Probably. Is this a shopper's panacea? Not for me.
This restaurant seems to have a split personality.  When they are good, they are very, very good.  Friendly service and well-prepared breakfasts (the Eggs Benedict and the Breakfast Fried Chicken were two favorites).  However, after nearly half of the times I have visited, I asked myself why I keep coming back.  Perhaps, like some sort of dysfunctional relationship, I only want to think of the 'good times' and hope that the rest gets better?  The Eggs Benedict is a hit or miss - I never know if my dish will show up with cold, rock hard yolks and practically raw hash browns.  The Breakfast Fried Chicken (served with eggs as well as a choice of toast or pancakes) is a good choice, but recently, the portion size has decreased while the price was raised (yes, we noticed the smaller plate).  Service is consistently inconsistent - it can either be attentive, or nonexistent.Yes, the place gets busy, but that isn't an excuse for a 45+ minute wait for food (while being completely ignored, without even a water refill).  It also isn't an excuse to cram tables so close together that on one occasion we were placed directly in the path of the traffic to/from the kitchen, with trays continually being hoisted over our heads.  Being busy doesn't mean that you can set tables with filthy (dried food caked on) silverware and then be surprised when I ask for another place setting.I think it is time to accept that our relationship just doesn't work, and move on.
went for breakfast and and although the selection was a bit limited, the food was great.  i had the cajun breakfast burrito and french toast; of which both were amazing.  service was friendly, and loved the atmosphere.  i have yet to try lunch or dinner so cant give 5 stars just yet.  too bad they are not open for sunday brunch....they might just give Local Breeze some competition if they did.
Bluburger Grille, it's really blue inside and out. I am a fan of this establishment because their ingredients are fresh and delicious. I chose the option to build my own burger and I was completely satisfied with my creation. I chose to create a portobello mushroom burger which I had never had before but I thoroughly enjoyed. They also serve sweet potato fries which is an extra bonus.
The Handlebar and Grill is my most favorite place to go on Mill Ave in Tempe.I have been here on a busy Friday and Saturday night and I have been here on a laid back, slow Wednesday night. Every time I go I am never disappointed There's great music (usually acoustic, never house music, and often no lyrics but still upbeat), great atmosphere (lofted ceilings and wooden benches make the place so much more open and the lighting by mason jar candles is awesome), and good looking guys (seriously every time I go there's plenty of eye candy.What I love most about Handlebar is how laid back and refined it is compared to places like Que or Canteen. Handlebar knows it's not a club and it's ok with that. THe open air patio and bar area make it intimate enough that you could still go here on a Friday night after a date for drinks or a Friday night with friends to rage.The drinks are a tad pricey, but they're great. I have only had one item on the menu that was the pretzels. For $6 you get 3 huge stick pretzels with beer cheese and spicey honey mustard dipping sauce. More than enough for one person, these treats are amazing. Really doughy, soft pretzels and the beer cheese tastes like it was just poured out of the can. Ugh, so good.I don't have to say whether I'm coming back here or not because I am.
I'm willing to overlook all of the Phish memorabilia on the wall because they probably feel obligated to follow through on the whole Vermont stereotype. But these sandwiches aren't just sandwiches.  They are something that transcends the whole sandwich genre.I plan on putting on an old pair of Birkenstock's, mellowing out, and spending some serious time working my way up and down this menu.
Holy overpriced!  With everyone all abuzz about this place opening up in AZ, I figured we would have to give it a try sometime.  Well, we were out and about in the EV this weekend and figured now was as good as ever.  Things did not start off well.  First, the music was so LOUD!  Some poor old lady walked in and covered her ears the second the door opened.  I also hated the peanut shells.  It was stupid, poorly executed and had no business being in a fast food burger joint.  Steakhouse or BBQ place, maybe, but not here.  Apparently the ordering system is difficult because it took the 6 or so people in front of us forever to order, but for us smart folk, it takes about 30 seconds.Now to the food.  It costs 4.89 for a single patty bacon cheeseburger.  I can get a Baconator combo at Wendy's for that price.  That's just the burger here, so for an extra 2.59 I can get frys (a generous portion at least) and another couple bucks gets me a drink.  I'm practically pushing a 10 dollar combo here!  This is fast food right?  I couldn't help but compare it to In'N'Out and this place was failing miserably!  Our food came out in roughly 5-8 minutes and we went outside to eat because the music was unbearably loud.  The frys were decent, nothing to special and I found the cajun fries to be very dry feeling in my mouth.  The burger was such a disappointment.  It was small and very smashed when I opened it.  The meat was very well done, and not juicy like they said it should be.  The bacon was decent and the cheese was well, cheese.  Overall, a pretty lame burger, especially for nearly 5 bucks!Obviously, I was disappointed.  I know 5 bucks for a burger isn't a lot, but for fast food, it really is.  It's a shame that our President hasn't had the joy of experiencing decent burgers, because this place is not good.  This place is definitely a fail for me, but at least my food was edible.
Z's Greek is a solid 4 to 5 stars every time I visit this little place just around the corner of 40th and Indian School.  Don't let the exterior of this place deter you from stopping by.  Z's Greek looks sort of "a dive" from the curb and they desperately in need to repave their parking lot which is littered with pot holes. BUT, and I mean a big BUT, the inside is very clean and welcoming.  They have a fairly large menu of Greek selections to choose from.  I tend to order the same thing ~ Gyro with a side Greek salad in lieu of fries and drink for $7.95.  On this visit I added a side of hummus and pita chips.  This Gyro was packed full with meat, tomatoes, red onions and thee perfect amount of tzatziki sauce.  (see pic)  The pita was tender and warm which made this Gyro full of flavor.  The Greek salad comes with a mound of feta cheese on top of a great balance of lettuce, veggies and dressing.  I would highly recommend their salad over fries any day when ordering a combo.  The hummus was very tasty ~ smooth and fresh.You can order anything to your liking if you don't see something on their menu you are familiar with.  The Z's Greek Crazy Fries and Souvlaki's are also very good. Z's Greek is a great place for lunch or dinner when you're craving Grecian cuisine.  Just look out for the pot holes when you park : -)  You won't be disappointed and glad you tried Z's Greek!!
I used to live in Sacramento and would come home to visit family in Tempe.  At the time this was the only "chinese" restaurant (1990's).  My family would drag me here and I would be aghast at the small portions and steep prices (chow mein for $8-10?) and the portions were about 2/3rds the size of what I would get for $6.  Ignorance is bliss and when there's no competition, they can do this kind of stuff.Thankfully, there about 10 chinese restaurants within a 5 mile radius of this place and no one I know even comes near this place.So if it's high prices and diet-sized portions you're looking for, then have at it.What cracks me up is that the top 5 restaurants (according to many of the local chinese) are either not even on yelp or have only a few reviews.The best "yelpers" are the word-of-mouthers.  if it's good it spreads throughout the chinese community like wild fire.  And if it's bad, it spreads faster than a ladies sewing club....(i made that one up)I would recommend these places if you want the real deal (in no particular order)1) Asian Cafe Express2) New Hong Kong3) Tao Garden4) Asian Hong Kong Diner5) Great Wall6) China Kingjust ask the locals who grew up here
Ugh!  I thought maybe I should try this place again before I slam it on Yelp, but after reading some of the other one- and two-star reviews, I realize I'm not nuts.  And there is no way I'm going to wait for hours to give this place another chance.  If you want to wait in line for two hours and then receive a cup of grease along with your hash browns and eggs, then Matt's is the place for you.  Disgusting!  Not to mention the bathroom is next door in a hotel room.
EDGY MEXICAN CON SAVOR. Chicharron of grilled cheese, "green" rice, Grilled Chicken, Sangria. Cock a doodle DOO! White Rooster is a jewel. --revamped spot has finally found the right groove. Sealed concrete and faux Herman Miller with unique modern touches. --"chicharron" of grilled cheese is a must have. No flaky pig skin here, and you'll want to order another on righ away. --fresh ingredients throughout, down to the authentic flavorings of the real Mexican queso fresco atop the beans. --asado of the chicken asado preserves delightful juicyness of the meat troughout each delectable crispy bite--"green" rice topped with wonderful limed greens--New York steak was not filet mignon, but hard to find fault with the flavor packed in those grilled veggies. --cheeseburger fresh and greasy good covered with more of that delicious cheese mix--banana crepes were simple and elegant dolloped with creme fresh--fresh fruit is more of the garnish from the  sangria cocktails. How'd he know I wanted more of exactly that?!--menu somewhat small, but that kitchen is tiny. Quality over quantity any day. --exposed surfaces make for a noisy atmosphere, not the quiet candlelight spot--server Daniel is always on top of it--chef often visits the dining room making sure every chair and every fork is in placeI can't wait to go back.
I LOVE this Fry's!!  Why can't the Fry's at the corner where I live be just like this one??  Why can't it also have a:-bulk section where I can buy chocolate-covered ginger and coffee beans, and glazed pecans?  (Granted, the prices of these items are SIGNIFICANTLY higher than the prices at Whole Foods.  Yeah, bet you didn't see that one coming!)-a lounging area complete with leather couches, a wide-screened TV, and an attached dining area with nice-looking dining furniture and hutches?  Even the gourmet deli, cheese, and bakery sections are "jazzier" than the one at my corner of the world!Now if you'll excuse me as I'm going to have to visit my Fry's customer service to fill out some request forms...
Like the original Vig in "Arcadia Baja", this newest location is one of my fave, elegant, mature, yet fun places to hang, nosh, nibble and imbibe.  The parking's just as bad (except I like the valets at this location), so you really don't have to worry about it.  Just drop off your keys and go.This location is decidedly larger, much larger patio, yet retains the cool vibe of the original (except you can actually locomote to the bathroom in this location without spilling someone's drink). The concept scaled well, IMHO.Food is fantastic.  Everything I've had has been great; innovative pairings of flavors and textures. The happy hour menu changes daily I believe, if not weekly and there's always something adventurous to try.  Full bar and good selection of beers on tap.  I usually get a draft Stella (or 5 ) when I'm there, but you'll not be wont for lack of beverage options.Best aspects -- a tossup between decor & service. Both are phenomenal.  This is a great place to go with your friends for a weeknite dinner, a special occasion one-on-one or for business meetings with clients.  5 stars all the way.
From where I live in North Scottsdale , it's forty seven miles to this place, taking over an hour to get there.The line, like Disneyland's Pirates of the Caribbean.And by the time I got lunch, it was two o'clock.One star for my crew for talking me into this.I find a large table, underneath some very old and very beautiful tamarack trees. I don't like that I'm sharing a table, seated next to some fat kid with ice-cream sundae all over his mug who won't shut up. Then the ominous sign posted on the tamarack tree limb we were seated beneath, which is about five feet off the ground and growing perpendicular to it.    "WARNING: WATCH FOR FALLING SCORPIONS FROM TREE LIMBS"Another star and mega props to Joe's for not only having a farm and a restaurant, but an interactive poisonous insect exhibit as well.And finally, on the walk back to the car, we (as in my wife) noticed a plot of land across the street where you can rent a thirty by thirty plot for your very own garden.Another star for my wife now wanting me to plant a veggie garden next weekend.I'm hungover, driving for over an hour listening to Adele on repeat, (because we haven't heard 'Someone like you' one million times yet) standing in line wanting to puke, nervously watching for suicidal scorpions as I eat my burger and fries, listening to some brat I'd like to smack the bejesus out of, and my wife tells me I'm planting a garden next weekend.Yeah, no....I won't repeat.
peeps, i penned, a piece of proseor poem, sure, Abu would knowthe difference, dawg, cuz he's da manmy literary, yelping,  faneither or, i rhyme to thoseat Mama Mia's, pizza prosya, they toss, the perfect pieforget the grease, just open widecrispy crust, just like the cityFrankie, yappin', itty-bittyshop, next to, a liquor storecould you ever, ask for morethree bucks buys, two slices, sodasauce and cheese, not overloadedfavorite of, the Phoenix, finestpolice choose, Mama Mi's, to dine atand even though, i feel safewhen i'm eating, at this placesix cop cars, not on patroli wonder, did i, lock my homehell, i'm not worried, keep 'em fedto serve, protect, and stuff, insteadtiramisu, into, their boccascross your fingers, pray and hope dabad guys, burglars, don't break inand interrupt, these cop's, din-din
I love Harlow's. It's nice to come back to to the ASU area and see that one of my old fave's is still around. The Eggs Benedict are so good. I get them EVERY TIME. I have yet to try anything different here. And because I am such a loyal person, I can pretty much assure you that I will probably never try anything else. It's pretty much always crowded so be prepared to wait. Not too long though. I think the longest I've ever waited is 15 minutes, which is reasonable. But you'll be served in no time after ordering. I'm not a huge breakfast person and I currently live at least 20 miles from Harlow's, but will still come here from time to time to enjoy a great breakfast and great service.
Loving this place since 1991. It has been here since 1960 though.                    Always great food. They truly have the best Pizza in the Valley they still hand toss the crust.                                                                               Which makes a huge difference.   The wings are fab,as well as every meal we have ever had here.   To Go orders are also great! I love eating inside because, it has a wonderful Italian ambiance that is old school and natural. it reminds me of the East coast restaurants.   Parking is a little tough. Always busy ,so you must sometimes park on the road , but well worth it.
I stopped here today after hearing so many good things about this place from my fellow clinicians.  It is solidly decent Thai food. Nothing that blew my socks off, but still quite tasty.  The lunch prices are better elsewhere, but I wouldn't let even that stop me from going back to try it again.  I would have given it 4 stars, but I'm still holding on to it until another dish on their menu is as good as I've been led to believe.
Wow! This place is 'Old Phoenix' in a nutshell. You enter through the kitchen in the back and it feels like you're instantly teleported to another era with deep red velvet flowery wallpaper, old portraits adorning the walls, and narrow doors. My hubby and I went here with family, so we sat in a big booth in the corner. We ordered 1/2 dozen oysters (served on ice-cold black rocks), porterhouse steak (melts in your mouth), scallops, mesquite grilled shrimp, and my grandpa had chicken livers (though I've never tried them, I don't recommend them). My hubby and I shared a 4-layer chocolate cake consisting of a thick icing on top, two layers of mousse, and a moist cake atop a swirl of raspberry sauce. Needless to say, neither my hubby nor I could drive, due to his enormous gin martini and my indulgence on the wine. The servers didn't mind that we sat a while after the check was paid. No pressure to turn tables here. Definitely recommend if you're in the mood for a delicious meal.
Returned for a recent breakfast, and can't stop thinking about how much I enjoyed it.  I did an omelet, which was great, but I LOVED their coffee.  What a nice morning.Now that they're doing happy hour, i need to get back here in the evening, especially now that it's nice enough to really enjoy the patio.
Downhill is the key word - I don't know what happened to this particular location but I am shocked they stay open. The crab cakes are abysmal and just about everything else is at best mediocre. Spare yourself and go elsewhere.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food7 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueI don't like in the least how the recent remodel suddenly turned its back to the street, but I certainly enjoy making occasional trips into Uptown for Lux now that they've got food & booze.The drinks are over-the-top creative, quite tasty, but a little pricey.The service itself is good, but figuring out how to get served can be a challenge.  The space is definitely not inviting to shy newbies, and some really don't appreciate the meandering layout, though I tend to like it.
Let's all bow our heads and pray to the gods of fried chicken.Thank you gods for blessing this world with Lo Lo's.  Thank you for blessing me with the delicious fatty goodness of deep fried Chicken thighs.My recommendation would be to get the #9 Lil' Amadi.  In my case I just told the waiter I wanted a Drumstick, a Thigh and some Mac n Cheese.  He knew the exact correlating menu # and name.My favorite uncle got the #2 Baby Ray with a side of Grits and a giant jar of Red Kool-Aid.  The Chicken was so juicy and tender.  Fall off the bone with succulent delight wonderful.  The waffle, for how thin they are was perfect.  You'll think Belgian waffles are for wimps after having one of these.   There was a slight hint of cinnamon to them.  The Mac n Cheese was addictive.  There was something to it?  Something I couldn't put my finger on as to why it was so good.  My son, who is also learning to eat big people food really enjoyed it.My uncle said the he was about to go into a diabetic coma after eating his meal.  His name it Bruce A.  Read his review too.The only thing that I could find wrong was the tap water tasted like it was dipped from the canal.  And they were out of Red Velvet Cake.  I know, what's this world coming to?!They did have Sock It To Me cake.  I got it to go and had it for breakfast the next day.  It was perfect for breakfast.  It was light and kind of cinnamony as well.As we were leaving I told the waiter that I live near Oakland and that Lo Lo's beats Home of Chicken & Waffles hands down.  The food, the service, everything about it.  If I could eat here every day of my vacation I would.
Crepes... glorious crepes!  I've frequented OPH for many, many years!  The quality, service and the decor (unfortunately) never changes.  Things to know: They do not accept credit cardsThey do not take reservationsThey will only seat you when your entire party is thereThe wait on the weekends is almost unbearableThe French Crepes are freaking amazing!The Apple Pancake is delicious, slow and a modern miracle of bakingDessert for breakfast? Chocolate Chip pancakes!
Make sure not to zone out while you're driving to the Welcome Diner or you'll zip right past it (as my friend and I did).  It's right on the corner of 10th Street & Roosevelt in a cute little red and white dining car.  There are a few parking spaces behind the diner on 10th Street.  I would check the hours, as I think I was told differently than the hours posted in the other review.My friend and I went to the diner on a Saturday afternoon and were able to get seats inside at the tiny counter.  I'm sure as it gets warmer, those will be harder to come by and that when the weather is nice, most people sit outside.  It is indeed a tiny space on the inside and half the seats have a direct view into the kitchen area, which is kind of homey.  I'm pretty small, so the size inside wasn't an issue for me, but claustrophobes and bigger people might feel squished.I ordered a hamburger and fries and my friend got an egg sandwich.  The burger was pretty good, but relatively small in comparison to what's generally served at restaurants.  If you're really hungry or a big eater, you'll probably want to go for the double burger.  The fries were good - nice and crisp.  My friend was pretty happy with her egg sandwich but unhappy with her cup of water, which was apparently pretty bad even for tap water.  They have a bunch of organic sodas, along with Coke and Diet Coke, if you're like me and can't wash down a burger and fries with anything but a carbonated beverage.Overall, I thought it was a pretty cool place and will definitely return with more friends in tow.  (Possibly for one of their movie nights...movies + tasty food = a good time).  Bonus points for their helping with the downtown rejuvenation while also supporting local businesses (Schreiner's, Mary Coyle's).
I have been to  Boston's twice - once on a weekday afternoon, and a Friday during happy hour - and both times have I been grievously disappointed. I am not especially picky about my eateries; so long as they serve good food, the place can look as dumpy as is permissable for satisfactory health inspection. I am readily forgiving of flummoxed trainees, the occasional forgotten condiment, and the typical slowness of service during peak hours. I respect people in positions to cater to my incessant hunger and possible alcoholism, and I show this by accepting them for their occasional shortcomings.That being said: Boston's is not forgiven. The first time I came here upon the recommendation of a trusted friend, we experienced downright sluggish service. It was a Tuesday afternoon with nary a soul in the house save our two-person party, and our rough-looking server couldn't be bothered to take our order in a timely fashion. She argued with my friend and overcharged him for his beer, then refused to pay us any mind after our food had been delivered. Another, seemingly more pleasant server noticed we'd been biding our time drinkless, and fetched us our refills. We overheard a catty exchange between the two women as Server of the Year swept past, which told us right away that this lack of hospitality was not atypical of this potential ex-con that had taken our order.Flash forward to last Friday: despite having been underwhelmed by my maiden voyage to Boston's, I ventured in again - this time in a party of three - only to wait awkwardly in the entryway for an upward of five minutes until someone emerged to seat us. This 'someone' was exactly that - a seemingly random, untagged man who could just as easily have been the general manager as some drunk at the bar.  We were not given a choice of where to sit - a huge faux pas for any joint serious about its service. Instead, we were escorted into the bar/lounge area and instructed to sit at the awkward high table just around the corner from the bar. When asked if we could be relocated to a booth, we were refused the opportunity.At a spritely 5'2", I don't fare well in chairs that sit over half my height off the ground, and the space behind me was an uncomfortable flurry of movement to-and-from the kitchen. Even at our easily accessible, high-traffic location, we were not offered so much as a glass of water. We waited twenty minutes to be acknowledged in a near-empty bar well into the range of happy hour before abandoning our table and walking out. As an added insult, the entire exit was blocked by the man who'd seated us and a few identifiable employees. We brushed passed, effectively interrupting their conversation, and the guy - more than likely the actual manager as opposed to an inebriated managerial impersonator - said nonchalantly, "Oh hey guys, everything all right?""Yeah," I muttered as I followed my stoic companions outside. Apparently he had wax in his ears, because he poked his little head out after us and asked again, a bit sternly, "Guys? Everything all right?"I snapped, "Yes!" - the tone of which translated to: "No jackass, everything isn't all right!" But it wasn't worth arguing: we were parched, hungry, and too irate to be rational. I've heard great things about Boston's, but have yet to experience one. I can chalk up a few mistakes to human error and the nature of the restaurant industry, but the inattentiveness and general lack of hospitality demonstrated by the largely uncaring staff is too blatantly disrepectful to warrant a third shot.
Hands down my favorite place in the Phoenix Metro area right now.They have a really great happy hour, an extensive tap beer list, and a life changng veggie/vegan menu!I am absolutely addicted to the Gardein Veggie Buffalo Wings. Beyond amazing. The tofu lettuce wraps are delish as well.I'm really glad to see major restaurants catering to all sorts of dietary varieties versus leaving us veggies with the option of a side salad or plain pasta!Chances are you will see me here at least once per week with a Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA and two orders of the Buffalo Veggie Wings ... sometimes twice... so if you have been waiting for that perfect moment to make contact with me, well, I suggest you hang around YH each night about 530.
Not sure about all the hubbub.   The samples were nice but the food didn't do anything special for me.   The cookies at the end were delightful.   I'm not sure that Chinese and Mexican belong together.   My husband liked the relleno but wasn't wild about it.    The people were all incredibly nice hence 2 stars.
Here is a little ale-house gem in old Phoenix that it worth spending some time in.  The place is so refreshing, clean, and relaxing.  They have 6 beers on tap, and sell beer and kegs to-go.  The beer is great, the logo is is timeless, and the packaging is classic.  Love this place already!
As part of our food day weeks. we arrived to this place. Our group grew from 4 to almost 15 persons. Food is ok, the bruscheta that I ordered was more like toasted bread with the additional things. The best deals seem to be the gyros or sandwiches. The missing star is because our server found it too complicated to do separate checks, even when we asked him before and tried to merge some checks. The fact that they go under stress makes the experience less enjoyable.
Boo on you! I think Chipotle has just gone down hill. You know what Chipotle feels like to me? Pop culture...they coax you in with great deals, giving you as much food as you want, no complaints they have a "it's all about the customer" feel...they start to take over in popularity, everyone loves them, raves about them: they're healthy, they use organic ingredients, they are such big burritos!...but then a shift starts to take place...employees start to cut back on the good offers, not all stores, but some started to hesitate when you ask for more meat/beans, they bang the spoon a few more times to get just a little more beans or meat off....and then BAM! You're getting charged close to $2 extra for 4 more pieces of meat!! The extra charge for meat isn't even listed on the menu (but they do list the extra charge for their sucky guacamole). In short, they took a great idea, watered it down, inflated the prices, and made their bottom line more important than customer satisfaction. Piss on you Chipotle and everything like you.
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food9 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueI have a pretty strong "no reviews of chains" rule.  Partly because I do not like chains for a variety of economic and community reasons, and partly because everyone already knows exactly what they offer so why waste my time.So Z Pizza is easily the most chainy place I've now reviewed (except for that one where I had to 1-star a Subway, those summa bitches).  But it's good and it's Downtown, so this is my one mulligan.I walked in to get a slice at 10:30am.  Now, I didn't expect them to be open, so before I walked in, i fully expected just to fruitlessly tug on a locked door.  But lo and behold it opened!First thing through the door was an immediate "Hello" from the counter, and the guy there was friendly as a golden retriever.  I don't mean that to be an insult, being a dog and all, it's just the friendliest thing i could think of.I ordered 1 slice of pep, and I think because I chatted with him on a boring Thursday morning (who eats pizza at 10:30am?), he actually gave me 2 slices.  There goes my attempt at not being a fatass.  But thank you!The slices were good and greasy.  "Ewww!  greasy pizza!  Dab it with a napkin and wring it like a towel!"  oh shut up.  This is good thin new yorkish style, and grease is a part of the recipe.  Napkin dabbing is like taking the beef out of your hamburger.I just wish there had been some oregano on the table alongside the parmesan and pepper flakes.  I've noticed that oregano is not a big thing here in Arizona.  It's almost always only upon request.  I could have requested it I suppose, but after sitting down and realizing my predicament, I was too eager to commence my metamorphosis to fatass.So yes, Z is a chain, but I still love it.  And this makes me hate myself.  So we are officially in an emotionally abusive relationship now.
Who knew there was something good in Sunnyslope?After reading the reviews on Yelp, my husband and I decided to check out Corbin's for Sunday brunch. Upon entering we were greeted right away and taken to a booth. Our really friendly server was at the table right away and took our drink orders. My husband ordered a bloody bull (a bloody mary with a few extra ingredients) and I ordered a ramos fizz, a boozy, creamy fruity drink on ice. Both drinks were very delicious. For food my husband ordered a quesadilla with ham and carmelized onions. I ordered the Eggs Bayou, which is poached eggs and ham on top of toasted french bread and a side of potatoes. I enjoyed the atmosphere of Corbin's. It's has a fairly modern look and is pretty laid back.The food was very tasty and I look forward to going back and trying out their other dishes.
Is this place actually supposed to be . .  . you know. . . . a business?We showed up at about 7 on a Tuesday, putting us in the no-mans land between happy hours. That part didn't matter much to me, but as we seated ourselves I wondered if we might be catching them in a dead spot. Maybe that explains the rest of the review. I'm not anxious to try again. At any time.We chose to sit in the bar area where more of the tables were full than in the restaurant area. We were just there for a couple drinks and some apps.  The waitress shows up and my friend asks what they have on tap. The waitress recites a voluminous list from memory, blandly. However, neither of us could hear her well enough over the Brian Adams or some other droning shit they had playing too loudly in the background. My friend asks to see a printed beer list. The waitress--a bit perplexed--explains that they don't have printed beer lists. My friend settles for water and starts searching "Zipps Phoenix Beers" on her iPhone. On the other hand,  I--determined to get my drink on--order up a vodka tonic and throw in an order of some wings.We wait.I get my drink. The tonic water is flat as a stretch of Nebraska Interstate. Waitress comes back around. I tell her that it's not working for me and since I suspect that their tonic has gone flat, I order a vodka Diet Coke instead. She apologizes and takes the drink away. A few minutes later she's back with the Diet Coke and vodka. Which is also flat. And apparently made with "vodka" made from straining Sterno through gym socks. Waitress is now off in the distance carting around dishes. I try to wave her down. No response. I take it to the bar. Bartender not paying attention. I look back to our table. The waitress is back, but empty-handed. My friend is now searching various blog entries from 2007 looking for hints of which beers they offer besides . . . y'know . . . fuckin' Bud Light, which might be all they usually sell.I decide to have a beer instead, taking the time to walk back to the bar to look at the taps. I order an IPA.  My friend says "oh, that sounds  . . . ok . . . ". Ok then: Two. Make it two IPA's. The waitress slowly walks off, carting with her the last abortive attempt at a cocktail and our inspired beer order.We wait. I look over at the kitchen and was reminded of an order for some wings placed way back . . . oh. . . .a couple of screwed-up drink orders before. Seems like sometime back during the days of Weimar Republic by this point.  I notice that although the bar area is well-occupied, the restaurant area is basically empty. I don't see any orders up on the kitchen window. Servers and the cooks are standing around talking. I look at my friend across the table. We look at the bar, and back at the kitchen. No beers. No wings. The taste of two lousy drinks still on my tongue. A gradually-accumulating wave of bitter resentment rising within me.We got up and left. The Garage was right across the street and was everything that Zipps wasn't this night.In a word: A business.
Ugh... every once in awhile I think, oh Little Caesars is cheap and alright... let's pick some up. This is a problemThe pizza is terrible... I know it's 5$... but still. It's just not good. I also always seem to remember liking the crazy bread, and then I get it and it's also just not good. I should have just stayed home and eaten cereal.*sigh
This place is awesome.  One star is missing because it's a little pricey.  And I really don't feel that healthy food has to be pricey just because you use whole grain bread and count calories for us. But, if you want to go out to eat and have a healthy meal- there aren't that many places to do it at. Soma Cafe gives us another great place to eat a tasty meal that won't add junk to your trunk.They're open really early every day of  the week too, so you can come grab a quick breakfast as early as 6:30am before you head out to work.  They also serve lunch and dinner, and they have quite a few different menu options.I've tried the veggie burger, tuna salad and vegetable sandwich- all were really good. Your meal also comes with baked fries or some kind of rice.  It's nice that they give us the calories, fat, protein etc. for each of their meals, so you actually know how much of everything you're consuming. I will definitely be back to try their breakfast items, but don't expect me until like 9:30am...6:30am comes a little too early for me!
noca went from being one of my top 5 restaurants in AZ to having a 1 and 5 chance of my ever returning or recommending. After making sure to mention on the Open Table reservation my special request for gluten free dining as well as a clear, understandable conversation tableside with my server prior to ordering, it was obvious that the front of the house lacks knowledge about what a gluten free diet entails.  The back of the house also has a lack of creativity about keeping the spirit and integrity of their dish when accommodating a gluten free request.  The communication between the two is noticeably weak.  Who would have thought that cooking without flour would be so difficult when everything noca prepares is made to order?   Is frying an egg without crusting it that challenging?  Missing this simple awareness makes those with a gluten intolerance feel as if his or her dining experience is not as important as those without food aversions. Overall, the quality and value have all gone downhill as far as I'm concerned.  There is no attention to detail and appreciation of a well timed, elegant dining experience.  Forced, insensitive and rushed service makes for a very angst-ridden, uneasy evening.
As an Oregonian, I had yet to experience the wonder of In-N-Out Burger until 2 weeks ago, when I went down there for the classic car auctions. Let me tell you, the food was worthy of the hype it gets. Now I know I might get killed for saying this, but I got mine without the sauce. I'm not a big mayo or secret sauce fan, so there. But, I did get one animal style, and it was amazing. One key to the great taste is they grill their buns. Another is that their menu is simple, and they don't deviate from the best tasting menu items. The only problem I have with this place is their T-Shirts. They have a Barracuda on it with a 389 emblem on it. WTF is that about!? That made me mad, because no Barracuda has a 389 in it, let alone an emblem on the side. Minor gripe, and not enough to take it down a point. Definitely check this place out if you are in AZ. It is everything it was built up to be.
Went there with my family, placed an order for over $30.00. One of the girls wrote the wrong number on the sub and acted like it was my fault. Went back to the counter to buy something else and another girl at the counter acted like I was bothering her. Very bad customer service. I get treated a lot better at subway. Will never go there again.
I had the "blue room" all to myself for lunch on Saturday.  Nice and peaceful watching the  salt water fish being fed fish pellets.  No sharks just little fish chasing around and trying to eat quickly.I wanted something light so ordered the chicken tostado ala carte with quacamole.  A pleasant surprise with large chunks of hot white chicken, chopped lettuce and just a few beans, tomato and cheese. on a crisp corn tortilla. The quac came on the side so I could add as necessary.The tostada with a glass of Dos Equis came to $11.01 and that included a basket of chips and two sauces.  The tostado was a healthy alternative plus I didn't cave in for many chips.
One of my roommates was extolling the beauty of Bosa.  I asked if they were as good as Rainbow, but she had never tried Rainbow.So - we decided to do a taste test.  Three of us in the house - so we would get 3 different (but like) donuts from each.  The plan was to bring them back home, cut to sample size, and note flavor, texture and overall preference.The guy roommate's favorite is glazed raised.  The gal leans to sugar raised and I figured glazed old fashioned is a safe baseline for taste testing.We went to Rainbow first.  No problem getting the donuts we wanted.  I also picked up a half dozen donut holes.  Was not thrilled to be charged $0.50 for the box, but c'est la vie.  Girl roommate also got a watermelon frappe type of drink.  A bit sweet for my tastes, but very, very watermelony.Next stop Bosa.  They didn't have regular sugar raised - used powdered sugar instead.  (I have a hard time trusting that the regular sugar didn't stick - somehow they managed to make it work at Rainbow!)  So the granulated vs. powdered sugar raised would not be as scientific a comparison, but we'd make do.  No problem with the glzed and old fashioned.  We also picked up ham and swiss croissants.  One can never have too much pastry, right? :)Results -      Glazed raised - Bosa was slightly denser and chewier - more mouth satisfaction.  Rainbow was cloudlike fluffy and light.  Great texture, but we didn't feel satisfied from chewing.  Rainbow was slightly sweeter.          ~Votes - 3 for Bosa.~     Old Fashioned - textures were identical.  Rainbow had a slight lemon (or maybe aspatrame?) flavor in the back end of the tasting.          ~Votes - 1 slight lean to Bosa, 2 Draw~     Sugar raised - texture of donut was identical to glazed raised above.  (duh - same donut, different topping.)  The gal roomie likes granulated.  The guy roomie preferred the powdered.  I liked both.          ~Votes - 1 Bosa, 1 Rainbow, 1 Draw.So, Bosa comes out with a slight edge.  And we came out with a slight sugar rush.  I can't help but wonder what our next scientific food research challenge will be!
It's a fast-paced greasy hole-in-the-wall mom-and-pop diner with HUGE portions at a great price...... period.Yes, it's true that the servers are running around the whole time...... it's true you might have to wait (how is that bad, by the way... doesn't that show that it's good if you have to have to wait 15 minutes to get in on a random weekday for breakfast?)...... it's true there are no great paintings on the wall to look at or a theme............ but what did you expect in the back corner of a strip-mall where everything around it has changed 5 times or went out of business?Fact is... I got an omlette, potatoes, pancakes, toast, a side of bacon and some juice... it was absolutely delicious... super fast... I wasn't able to finish it all...... and left 15 bucks that already included a tip over 20 percent!So... just don't show up looking for a lovely ambiance... show up looking for a ton of great homemade food for a great price.
And I don't even like BBQ.Well, that's not totally true, every once in a blue moon a nice pulled pork sandwich sounds good. But I generally find it to be vinegary and sometimes sugary (which I can't fathom for the life of me) and sort of sour and just weird. Usually I only eat it when forced to: at a friend's for dinner or the co-workers want to go out for BBQ for lunch.The latter being the reason I ended up here recently. We had actually attempted to lunch at the nearby indoor go kart race track, which has a caf, but they don't serve until 1p. So we hit up the cramped mini strip mall of some of the only food for miles in this business park area I refer to as the "no man's land" when it comes to food. I eyed the pulled pork sandwich on the menu, but decided to be adventurous (a risk when you don't really like BBQ) and went for the beef brisket wrapped in a tortilla. I added cheddar cheese (I mean go heart attack or go home, right?) to the wrap and got a drink and a side of garlic mashed potatoes for about $7. It was rather busy in the small place on a Friday, so we had to sit at the bar style seating which means you stare at a wall - at least make the view out the window, I say. It was awkward seating for our party of two, so don't stumble in with 4-5 co-workers on a Friday and expect to all sit together unless you're lucky and get a small booth. About 3-5 minutes later they called our orders. Pretty quick for how busy they were, and totally fine if you're running in and taking it to go. And damnit if that tortilla wasn't flavorful and amazing, and the brisket inside?! Fantastic. I was really, really impressed. Oh, it was greasy as hell (it dripped out the bottom and all over my hands) but very good. And VERY rich. I liked it so much I went back about two weeks later to get the same, and this time gobbled it up fast and felt ill after. So if you don't have an iron stomach take your time on this one. The mashed potatoes were a good size and also very tastey.All in all, I was very impressed with this fast food spot. For the money I got measurably better food than I would have imagined. Plus quick and friendly service makes four stars. Done and done.
I have been by this place many times and finally stopped one day. I had Breakfast on a Saturday morning. My server was Maxwell. He was adorable and very professional.I was happy I had gone in.Food is not the best but, it is very inexpensive, so no complaints here. After such a great experience, I thought I would go back for lunch.Since this time it was a week day Maxwell was not working, so I was given another waiter. He tried, however yelling at me from across the room ,did I need anything else was not professional at all.I know he just did not know any better. Please do not discuss your personal lives at work where all the patrons can hear. It is bad Business.Perhaps Maxwell should be teaching the others how to behave when they are at work. I had gone in for a late lunch so there was only 3 other tables in here. All the more reason not to put your business out on the street.I am sure I will be back. But, I am hoping to get Maxwell or someone similar next time.Bathroom is clean and lots of parking in the lot.
Take a group and go late.There are two key issues that present hurdles to having an all around good time at Dave and Busters. The first issue is the food is terribly overpriced and the quality was not impressive as I have found it to be greasy at times or overcooked. The second issue revolves around the bloody ankle biters, why you would want to drag your kids to a bar is far beyond me (I do however see why having kids can make you want to drink heavily) so the only obvious circumvention is to go later in the evening to avoid the annoyance. The variety of arcade games is not bad. They have several group play racing and trivia games but they are missing some staple crowd pleasing games like air hockey and strangely absent are the fighting style games (Tekken, Street Fighter, Mortal Combat, etc.).   In a nutshell go later in the evening with a group for the games and stick to a simple faire of bar food or you might find yourself sorely disappointed. Tempe Market Place is a great place to wonder around in this time of year (spring) with a variety of restaurants, shops, etc. Dave and Busters is worth spending an hour or two in but if you want decent food I would look elsewhere.
After Shabu Fondue closed in Chandler. I swore to never go to the Melting Pot. But there is a GOD! When Tien Wong Hot Pot opened I was elated to try it out. The fiance and I went there during the weekend and was very impressed with the quality of food! The shabu beef and tofu is amaze! Oh and the GOMA SHABU sauce?! SO GOOD!The service was great. The atmosphere may seem a little fancy-shmancy but its a pretty casual joint. Its not too loud in there as well, even with the big families that often dine there. The prices are decent and the portions are really good too! FYI Their hours changed from 5-11 pm.
Despite the lines, the crowds, and the wait, I found Pizzeria Bianco to be a worthwhile dining experience....even though it didn't fit into my Chicago-style definition of pizza.This isn't the place to loosen up, stuff yourself silly , and quaff beer by the pitcher.  If you're on a date or entertaining an out-of-town couple, it's pretty hard to beat.  But if you're looking to feed a softball team or a sizable collection of drinking buddies, don't even think about it.Getting seated at Bianco reminds me of doing the same at Zachary's ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/JsqK99Ka8gIgu1ZtzDupRg ) in Oakland, Ca.  You walk in, a receptionist takes your name, and they give you a projected wait time that can be as long as an hour.  Right around this time I'm thinking it'd be nice if we could wait in a bar, chat over a beer, and somehow be summoned back  when our table was ready. To my utter delight, our waitress informed us that LO AND BEHOLD!!! SUCH A SETUP EXISTED!!!  We were quickly shooshed over to a rather pleasant bar next door where the lengthy wait passed by painlessly as we sipped drinks and chatted up the locals.  The bar was crowded too....and I had my doubts about the restaurant staff's claim of a Saint Bernard-like ability to find us in the crush of humanity....but find us they did, and minutes later we were seated and perusing the bill of fare.First off, a glimpse at the menu told me I was in for something completely out of the ordinary.  Pizza's only came in thin crust, and were served in only one size.  There was no build-your-own list of toppings, and the pre-defined combinations didn't look anything like standard pizza parlor fair.  On the other hand, the sizable wood-fired pizza oven in the corner looked fascinating, and Bianco himself was running the kitchen with a focus and dedication that bordered on religious fanaticism.Tires hit pavement when the pizzas showed up.  I've gotta say it was dang tasty, and I didn't regret the wait or the expense one bit.  Still, if you're craving a more Chicago-style pizza, this just doesn't cut it.  The ingredients are fantastic, the preparation is perfect, and the ambiance isn't lacking in the slightest......but halfway through my first pie I found myself yearning for something thicker, and wound up fighting the urge to grab two pieces at once or fold one over to simulate a thicker slice.  If, like myself, you hail from San Francisco, it's similar to Pauline's Pizza ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/tIzKxpADKMMmzDr5n07lQg ) on Valencia between 14th and Duboce.All in all, Pizzeria Bianco was great, but nothing to set the world on fire.  It was tasty, and it was without doubt a high-quality pizza.  East Coasters with their love for a thinner, more spartan pie will probably see it's virtues....But as for myself, I see it in the same way I do Pauline's Pizza in San Francisco...memorable and worth the visit, but it  never comes to mind when the pizza craving rears it's ugly head...
Between items that taste vaguely Asian and prices that can easily stack up, Sens is essentially an upscale Panda Express.I'll give them points for concept, though. Basically, you and your pals want Asian food, but can't decide what kind. Thai? Chinese? It's whatever, you can get them both here. Portions are small, as everything is a well-presented appetizer meant for sharing. Between $5 and $11 a pop for these snacks, you'll find yourself spending way more than you would if you just ate an entree at a real restaurant.. Beyond that, items are pretty bland, and they really rely on sauces to come alive. I couldn't taste a hint of goat cheese in the wontons, and the Thai chicken lollipops were bland. They had to be drenched in wasabi or chili sauce.I then realized I noticed a pattern. Bland fare that caters to a mainstream crowd who actually hasn't sampled Asian snacks. I will admit that it looks awesome. I'll admit that it tastes good, but then again tasting good doesn't mean it's authentic or worth it. Maybe I'll be back to try more items, in hopes that I'm all wrong. In the meantime, this Yelper has been jaded by similar (yet superior) places in Southern California. If you're a hipster who's ideal destination is around Roosevelt, then welcome home.
I can see this little gem becoming a regular habit.  The service and food were both wonderful and I loved the comfy feel they have inside. I tried to finish their specialty a Havarti & Roasted Asparagus panini with ham and couldn't do it. It's enough for two. Next time I'll do the 1/2 & 1/2 option. The sandwich had a little spice to it; come to find out they roast the asparagus with some red pepper flakes and they roast their own meats!  Add to that the delicious  pesto mayo and the fab bread and I'm sold!!I must come back for a overly indulgent slice of cheesecake!Thanks Bertha & staff!
Why is this place still here?Dust off the nostalgia and baseball memorabilia, cuz that's the ONLY reason you should eat here.  The service is pedestrian, the place is stuffy and the food just meh.  And the wine list!  For a steak house, I'd expect something more than 10 grocery store selections listed on the back of the menu.  Yes, the BACK of the food menu!  Let's see...I'll take the Kendall Jackson Cab for $40.  If you're going to bend me over on wine prices, at least let me pick something that isn't on sale at Basha's!  With so many better food options in Scottsdale, why is this place still here?
Yeah, so I was at FEZ for 5 hours last night.  We had some drinks and some food and a good time was had by all.  Service is always better when there is a group of 4 or more.  I noticed the look of the menu changed and that freaked me out.  My beloved lamb is more expensive than ever, but that isn't gonna stop me.  The tall attractive guy with the trendy glasses was a great server, but I am beyond remembering his name.  Just go!
My SJ buddies and I came here for breakfast one weekday morning.  Now I know why Matt's gets such great reviews.  The only draw back to Matt's is that it is just so small.  But then again, that is part of it's charm.  This is a tiny little house on a corner in downtown Phoenix.  I can just imagine what the weight is like on the weekends.  They have great fresh food and coffee.  I had the "Hog an Chick" meat and eggs....applewood smoked bacon...YUM!!  And the potatoes reminded me of my Uncle Ernie's potatoes.  So good with herbs and onions.  I gobbled up every bite!!  My coffee cup was never empty and the sourdough toast was .....mmmmm toasty.  I loved Matt's.  Just be sure to bring lots of quarters because there is nothing but metered parking all around.
Spinato's just opened in Ahwatukee and you would think it was the first and only restaurant this side of South Mountain from all of the people there.  The place was packed!  However, it was our lucky day when our friends got there just in time to get us a prime spot at a bar table!There were servers and staff everywhere, so even though the confusion of opening night was obvious, everyone was having a great time and there were plenty of people helping out so it didn't really matter.  We ordered a few appetizers and four personal (7") pizzas.  The Trio of Meatballs appetizer was awesome!  Huge meatballs in a delicious vodka sauce (that is fantastic as a dipping sauce for any type of bread or pizza crust, so ask for a side) for only $3.99!The BF had the "Here's the Beef" pizza which looked meaty and delicious.  I probably would have had a bite, but my Da Greek pizza was overflowing with fantastic toppings (feta, kalamata olives, pepperoncini, spinach, and tomatoes) that I didn't want anything to mess with the flavors.Every day is a different daily drink special and $2 PBR all day, every day.I would say that I can't wait for the place to calm down so I can go back, but to be honest, I don't really care.  I'll go back even if it is just as busy as opening night.  The food was wonderful, the service was great, and the atmosphere is something I wanted to be part of.  The only bad part about Spinato's opening in the Tuke is going to be deciding which of my favorite pizza joints I'm going to pick on any given night!
Jalapeo Inferno is now a great new addition to my list of lunch spots close enough to the airpark to not be absurdly late for work! I recently went here for a team lunch after doing a little research and was pleasantly surprised by how good things turned out. The chips and salsa were great, but the salsa lacked that gritty (I'm in a hole-in-the-wall) flavor that I truly love. The spiciness is toned down a little more than I like too, but the flavors were very tasty,especially their version of a spicy selection. The chips though, that's where they got me... Some of the chips are regular corn chips that you would expect in a Mexican restaurant (but with quality) and the other chips were just cuts of tortilla that were deep fried! I couldn't stop eating them!For my real lunch, after eating more than enough calories in chips, was Courtney's Favorite Burrito Inferno with chicken. It was off the very hot portion of the menu. The chicken inside the burrito was awesome. It was nice and blackened before being chopped up for my burrito and I could tell. The burrito itself was topped with Inferno sauce and hatch chiles, and it totally won me over. It wasn't the best burrito I've ever had, but I'd be lying if I didn't say it was really good. I also got to try some of the Mexican pizza. If you can imagine what good nachos taste like, you'll understand the flavor, but now imagine that feeling of the perfect bite when eating nachos throughout eat bite! The Mexican pizza at Jalapeo's calms down your brain's instant guilt trip by rewarding your taste buds with a  perfect bite every time.Jalapeo's was great for lunch and it was great for a group. The waitress seemed a little bit impatient, but next time I visit here I will update and clarify if that was just a fluke. If you're in the airpark for lunch, drive a couple miles north and give this place a try; it ain't bad.
The food at Fu Fu Cuisine was wonderful! I went there on a Sunday and they have an "all you can eat" option of certain foods. From those foods you can pick 3 dishes to sample. I got the Yassa Chicken, Pof Pof, Jolof Rice and an additional side order of fried plantains. All of that (minus the fried plantains) for $9.99- AMAZING! I couldn't even get seconds because I was so full. My boyfriend ordered the Fried Tilapia and cous-cous which was finger lickin good! I got the brownie cheesecake for dessert which was phenominal. It came with a scoop of ice cream and whipped cream- delicious.I believe a good rule of thumb for any ethnic restaurant is if the diners are from the same country or surrounding vicinity. Most of her customers were also from West Africa which was a GREAT sign because they would only dine at a fantastic and authentic restaurant. In short, the food at Fu Fu was AMAZING. I loved everything and the service was great! If I lived in Phoenix, I would be here every Sunday!!
Ive eaten authentic and delicious Chinese food in China, the bay area California, and LA, CA.This makes it onto my short list for good Chinese food in the Phoenix/Mesa area.  I can only think of 4 places I would go for Chinese food in this area.  Definitely going back.  Try the Chicken in Black Bean Sauce.  Yum!
Yikes, the spot was soooo cute - and super close to my home. But the  SERVICE was horrible!  The food was good - but I assume it was the owners day to wait on tables?  She needs to stay in the back!  Wait, this place is super tiny...maybe there is not a back area! She rushed us to order.  Worse part was she tapped her finger on our check and said, "can we settled up?"  I guess she was in a hurry to count her "winnings" for the day? I have NEVER been treated in such a way before.  My associate said he had been there before and stated, I should have warned you, while the food is good, the service is really bad!  Yikes, I won't be back - unless the Southern Belle who served us disappears! The other staff (a cute guy who appeared to be a barista) was smiley and nice - wished he had waited on us!  Mind you, all the while we were being rushed, there was clearly no wait for our table!  As we parted - I looked back and notice all three staff people huddled around the cash drawer with there days tickets - people, get an office!  While, in this crazy business market - I get you need to make money, but while your place is open, focus on good customer service - and trust me, your business with thrive!
I have had Mamma Mia's pizza 3 or 4 times now and each time it is as good as the last.  This pizza reminds me of my childhood pizza place in New York.  Thin crust that is well done, light on the sauce, cheese nice and bubbly and brown, and foldable replete with dripping grease.  Just the way a slice should be.  I have yet to try any toppings or a sub, but I am a purist when it comes to pizza and love plain cheese.Well done Mamma Mia's.  Well done!
Eh. As I may have mentioned in previous reviews, for me, the bar for Thai food is set by Thai Hut. Erawan ain't even close.First off, the place is dank. Like they built it in the basement of some 1960's ranch house. The carpet is funky -- not like fun-KAY -- but like ew, funky.I do give them props for friendly and attentive service. But the food, is just OK. The fried apps are really greasy, and the accompanying sauces are so straight-out-of-the-jar.The entrees, not much better. The pad kee mao was really oily, and despite the "spicy" warning, was exceedingly tame, as if they dumbed it down for us. Plus the portion size was really small, and they skimped on the noodles. Oh, and they charge for soda refills. We just felt nickel and dimed for a skimpy, boring meal. Not like we expect huge Buca di Beppo like portions -- just enough so that you aren't starving 20 minutes later.
Wow. The Jersey Shore meets the Real Housewives of Scottsdale. This was our second stop of the night, and maybe because the first stop was so cool it made Copper Blues all the more lame.I'm looking around and I'm seeing popped collars, gelled hair, really dark eyeliner, Ed Hardy and Uggs with leggings. Seriously? People still dress this way?I will say, they have an amazing selection of beers on tap; about 60, plus a large selection of bottles as well.The reason we came here in the first place was for the live music. Above the bar is a stage for a band but unfortunately, there was a "DJ" last night. This guy sure was moving around a lot like he was doin stuff and having a grand ole time, but I have no idea what he was actually mixing. He just played Top 40 songs from start to finish. So. Lame. Picture this if you will. 40something MILF wearing a mini dress with a slit down the back and thigh high stockings grinding on your dad. They were basically dry humping one another in the middle of the bar. If you're that old, can't you just go home and bone? I don't get it.This is definitely not my scene and I will never return.
For the love of Jesus! I went here with miss Dottsy Z for our girls date night and omg this place is fantastic! I have been here one other time 6 years ago on a blind date and had forgotten just how good the food was. We started off with the ever popular Burrata, which is- fresh mozzarella with a creamy heart topped with a balsamic glaze served with black label prosciutto crudo and toasted bread. From what I understand it is goats milk cheese that is flown in fresh daily and they have limited quantities. To say this is like butter is an understatement. It was delicious!!!!! Next I ordered the Rustica which is mozzarella, topped with prosciutto crudo and arugula after pizza is cooked. It took everything in me not to eat the entire damn pizza. Dottsy ordered the Prosciutto Crudo which is similar except hers has red sauce and no arugula. My goodness. I am still shaking my head and kicking myself for giving Dottsy all the leftovers. What in the world was I thinking? I will be back again very soon and not wait 6 years for another visit.
Just to clarify, this location in Anthem is not in the Shell gas station it's in the Fry's shopping center. Roger used to own the Roberto's at the gas station on 7th Avenue and Union Hills in Phoenix and that is when he appeared the first time on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives. He was also featured in a special Guy Fieri did about his favorite restaurants and I think that was filmed at this new location. Roger sold the gas station Roberto's.I think many of the poor reviews are from people who are still going to the gas station location thinking Roger and Maria still operate it.This new location is quite a drive for me but when we're on our way to or from Sedona we try to stop by.Roger will go out of his way to make sure you are happy with your meal. When my Mom was disappointed that her chile rellenos were too hot Roger said just to call him in the morning before we came and he'd prepare some where he'd take out all the seeds.If you happen to be in the Anthem area this is definitely the place to stop.
I don't consider myself a foodie, but if I did, I imagine this would be a regular on my rotation of local restaurants!  I actually have only eaten at Cowboy Ciao twice... once, a while back, for dinner, and then just the other day for lunch (with Sarah G).  I have to agree with Sarah... the lunchtime service was nothing special.  Our waitress was not overly friendly and she didn't give us much attention either.  We had to ask about several menu items including a refresher on the ingredients in the "Stetson Chopped Salad" as the menu doesn't say...Luckily, the company I was with made up for the 'eh' service.  The salad (I had the Stetson Chopped) was actually really unique and the perfect size for a light lunch.  I remember the wine menu being pretty impressive as well as that Exotic Mushroom Special, so I'm sure I'll be back to visit Cowboy Ciao eventually.  I'm probably being generous with 4 stars, but maybe it's just because I am giving them the benefit of the doubt.  In any case, as Stephy S likes to say... 'Ciao for now!'
So I've heard about these other Yelpers having lunch and dinner meetings with everyone's favorite local celeb, Gabi K... And I was always a little jealous. And I was always a little suspicious. But it turns out it happens. She's a real doll. Not The Real Doll. Just like, a really genuine human. We accidentally met at an event this morning hosted by one of my new favorite people Christina P... and to make a really long story average in length, I loved it. The vibe is great. The place is cute. My iced mocha was tasty tasty. The wrap I had was totally delicious. I'm sure it's fantastic at night. They have outdoor air conditioning. How cool but what a waste... You know, like a hummer. :-) And the have Coca lite and I didn't even try it and the owner was very cool. I will totally be back for an evening of romancing and bromancing I'm sure. Anyway, it's a really cool joint. I highly recommend it.
It felt like every single step was a battle:-Entrees arrived before appetizer, despite a ten minute difference in ordering.-The waitress was fairly useless in discussing vegetarian options. "Pasta with butter and lemon, or pasta with butter and pepper."-Entrees could barely be described as lukewarm. By the time I tried a taste of a friend's dish, it was absolutely cold. At this stage in our wait and annoyance, we were so hungry we just ate it.-Wrong appetizer arrived after we were done with the meal: "I can just leave you this one instead and not charge anything."-After the second appetizer mistake, the waitress ran by and told us "1.5 minutes until your mozzarella is done."  She was extremely specific. Over five minutes later, it was served. Awesome and easily the best part of the meal, but still barely warm. Thankfully, she left it off the ticket.-As the ticket arrived, we realized every single other table had recieved bread but us.You could tell the quality of the food is amazing, but the temperature, lackluster service, and severe disorganization were a major issue.  I thought they were still in their first week of service and was surprised to realize that the establishment is not that new.I am all for artwork in its appropriate time and place and no not feel like we need to gloss over the less pleasant portions of our past, but I don't need portraits of Jim Jones, Timothy McVeigh, and the American military staring me down over pasta.  It's appropriate in a gallery, but feels distasteful in this setting and holds the potential to alienate customers. Can you imagine being a victim of the Oklahoma City bombing and stepping into PastaBAR unaware? The potential here is enormous.I've been debating whether to review now or wait for a second visit, since I prefer to make more than one visit before publicly making a statement. There was, however, little positive to say about PastaBAR except "I can tell the food WOULD have been amazing". After a $60 bill for three -- "appetizer", one espresso, one bottled beer, and three entrees -- we had to eat again at Denny's a few hours later, since they were essentially the only other people still serving food in the area at that hour.
Located at the corner of Via Linda and Mountain View, The Egg I Am is an unassuming gem!My daughter and I went for a late brunch today. The restaurant closes at 2:30, so, by the time we got there at 1:45, we pretty much had free reign of the place. We noticed a sign saying that the patio was open for seating, but surprisingly, it was too cold for us to sit there today, as it was completely shaded when we were seated. Instead, we opted to sit by one of the large windows that overlooked Via Linda.The owner seated us, and gave us each a menu. Now, having a toddler, I'm accustomed to seeing kids menus with crayons to placate the children as they wait for their food. However, The Egg I Am does't use crayons, they use colored pencils. I know that probably doesn't sound very earth shattering, but it was different, and a nice touch. It's nice to see a place try and do things a little differently.The food itself is fantastic! My daughter ordered off of the children's menu, as everything there is just under $5.00. She opted for the kids' cheeseburger with fresh fruit. I had to do a double take when her plate arrived, because the burger was huge! It was easily 1/4lb. Needless to say, my three-year-old could only finish about a quarter of the burger during our visit. It DID make for nice leftovers, though.I, trying to maintain some semblance of a healthy diet, opted for the Vera Cruz Chicken and Avocado Omelette http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#gXr_sj61JYixeVVAZkn_Vw. This is an egg white omelette with diced chicken, tomatoes, onions and green chiles, topped with cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses and fresh avocado, served with a side of fresh fruit and a small bowl of salsa. It is nothing short of spectacular, imho http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#FA7aEbJm-oAuPt2xptQ8ww. It's one of those meals, that no matter how large the portions may be, you'll always wish there was just one more bite!Interesting side note: as we finished up our meals, two ladies sat behind us, and started asking questions about the menu. I happened to overhear that the restaurant makes their soups fresh each and every day.This is a great place to come for breakfast, lunch, or brunch. One note of caution: be mindful of the hours of operation. The Egg I Am is never open past 2:30 in the afternoon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#3PIa9nVtZc5NOcTf2dWcZw. So, plan accordingly, and ENJOY!
Damn Jessica F for getting the FTR on this! I made my first trip out to this new GFC location this weekend and was really excited to see an expanded retail area and the addition of sandwiches. If you have ever been to the other location on Thomas, you will be very happy with the increased selections and moving room!As usual, all of the staff were incredibly helpful and friendly, and very very knowledgeable about their products. I got some vegan gf donuts that taste a lot like gingerbread in addition to the herb baguette rolls, vegan banana cupcakes, vegan chocolate chip cookies, and hot dog buns. Everything has been great so far and I love that everything goes in the freezer.I am also really excited that they bake vegan gf cakes in multiple sizes! This is great since I am normally left out of the cake club during birthdays!All around a great place that caters to those of us with special diets! Thanks GFC!  :0)
Had lunch here last week with Rand H and Mike C at my suggestion.  The menu looked at awesome and I couldn't wait to try the brats.  I had the Duck, Duck, Dates with the apricot sauce on top.  The sausage was very tasty, but it sure was a tiny little thing!  They could have served it with a roll 1/2 the size and eased up on the amount of the apricots, which totally masked the flavor.  I also had the fries, which were very good, and the blue cheese bacon dipping sauce that had no flavor at all and looked like milk more than a dipping sauce.  I also loved the pickled veggies they served with the sandwich.I am not a fan of high top tables either, and the only regular tables are outside.  The food was great, but as far as value goes, there are much better options out there.  I'd go back if I were in the area and hungry, but doubt I'd go out of my way to come back.
Okay, I was sick of hearing about these subs so I had to nosh here just to weigh in. First off, I think the use of "world's greatest sandwiches" and  "gourmet" is a bit of false advertising. Um, I'm fairly certain the avocado on my beach club came from a tube. Also, I don't get why I was instructed to reach over the counter if I wanted my food in a bag or needed napkins. I thought that's why one exercises the phrase "to go." I'm not lazy, but gosh darnit there are three of you and no other customers are here. I don't get it. They'll drive miles for free to deliver the food but can't be arsed to throw the stuff in a bag? Even (Insert crappiest fast food chain of  your choice here) does that! Since you guys can do eveything so fast you have plenty of time left over to put the freakin' food in a bag for a girl with her hands full already! Whew, sorry. Moving on...I'd like to dispel the most prevalent assertions swirling around the much ballyhooed Jimmy John's.#1. "They are waaay better than Subway." This is true. But, isn't that like saying a c*** punch is much more pleasant than a double c*** punch? Edging out Subway in a taste test is the not brass ring to be reaching for!#2. "They are soooo cheap." Yeah, not really. I think it's an okay value in relation to the quality, but stop raving about it like it's a $2 trip to Tijuana with tacos and tequila included. (Because that would be fantabulous.)#3. "They have the BEST bread." I concede the bread is the best thing about the sandwich, but that's only because the rest of my sammich's innards were nothing spectacular. The turkey is just so so. Not bad, but not flavorful at all. So, the bread is not the earth shattering, yeasty lusciousness that people make it out to be. Truth be told I'd be happier if there were options. (They have some kind of sliced wheat that they basically told me no one likes!) It's not that I would never partake because I get that its decent and they deliver. But come on my friends, quit swilling the kool aid.
This place is a solid 4 and 1/2 stars with a great fresh, local menu and fantastic wine list! My last meal here was excellent with a very knowledgeable and honest server who provided a great dining experience. Some of the highlights were the asparagus, the beet salad and the short ribs! Oh my gosh did I love all 3 and I have been craving hominy ever since!! Plus, they even had a favorite bottle of wine that my BF and I covet that can't even be bought at the vineyard anymore (I'm not telling as I know they have one other bottle left and I don't want anyone to drink it!!) Decor is a little Scottsdale circa 1987, but you can tell that this is a great kept secret in Scottsdale! I will definitely be back!!
Culinary Adventure #2 in Phx went MUCH MUCH better than #1. This is a place my dad frequents, and kept talking about all day so I was eager to give it a shot. As we were driving up I noticed it was in a stripmall-esque area and I was like "Daaaad...why always the strip mall places". But as soon as we got in - definitely a different atmosphere than I expected. The front area is a decent bar and a waiting area; the TV in the corner was showing the ASU/UofA Bball game. There were about 4 tables full in there but it was after 8pm on a Wednesday so, I didn't hold that against them at all. Everyone knew my dad and greeted our table with warm smiles. Some quips about the Cards and we ordered; my dad pretty much knew what was good so we went with that. Bread was awesome - a nuttier bread which I am always a fan of. Get the garlic butter to spread on - mmmm. We got a 'special' meal that my dad concocted that he's evidently had there numerous times - grilled (not breaded) eggplant, and a side of penne with peppers/mushrooms in an al diavolo sauce. Very good. The sauce was especially spectacular. The service was nice - attentive yet not intrusive. Best. After clearing our plates and bringing out dessert, they brought over some amaretto on the rocks 'to wash down our meal'. What a nice touch!I had nothing bad to say about this place, except for I don't think people know much about it since it's tucked into a stripmall next to (I think) a dry cleaner or some other inane business. Highly recommended and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Phx!
Lil' update:  The veggie koo koo is amazing, kind of like an Iranian quiche or frittata, less eggy though and more herby.  Delicious and healthy.  The hummus is also made by hand and is wonderful.When I walked in there were 5 Tempe cops finishing up their lunch.  You know a place is good if cops eat there in groups.  Perfect for lunch.
Well almost exactly two months since I first visited, we stopped by Smeeks again to check it out.  Mind you, this was after the girl at Frances said "Have you tried our new store, Smeeks?" Us: "Ya, we went when you first opened but we've been meaning to go back." Girl with an angry look: "Oh that's right..."  WTF lady?  Don't hate me because your store sucked when you first opened.  I'm obviously not the only one who thought so.In any event, we went back and it is much better.  The layout has been improved and the selection is DRAMATICALLY better.  Not only do they actually have some candy (and not just licorice) but they finally have toys & gadgets that aren't just from accoutrements.com so that's good too.  A lot of the stuff is way overpriced though.   I really wish they had a soda fountain in there.  That would make for the perfect shop.  McAlpines + Sweets=FTW
A Phoenix original if ever there was one!  Total gem in the lower Grand Avenue area.I love the unique atmosphere here.  Post-industrial meets shabby-chic meets post-modern meets trading post.  Or something like that.I wanted something different and ordered the Panini Cubano.  I thoroughly enjoyed the shaved prosciutto, black beans, melted swiss, pickles and chipotle mayo.  I also sampled the sandwiches of my wife and daughter and they were very tasty as well.  They had the pesto chicken and the lamb gyro, respectively.The Paisley Violin is now firmly  entrenched on my list of cool, reasonable and unique places to grab lunch and to take visitors from out of town.
Worst tortilla soup I have ever it tasted it was like a hot bowl of salsa plain and simple. If I would have been given chips I may have eaten it. The server was really cute and attentive but she had no clue what to suggest for a non meat eater I was struggling to find anything appealling here. She finally suggested a salad. It was good it had candied walnuts and dried cranberries w goat cheese on it but by the time I got it everyone had eaten and I stole a bunch of their fries so I couldnt eat the whole colassal salad. I just read Dallas' review I wish the girl would have suggested their veg burger sad. I might go back if I had to. I used to live at Zipps years ago but mainly for the football and booze not the food meh.
Ate here a few times since 2004.  Haven't been in many, many months.  Love all but one of the pasties I've tried, thus far.  Great to know that you can call ahead to custom-order!  Also, you may call ahead and have your order started so that it's ready by the time you arrive!  (It took one of my pasties 50 minutes' preparation and cook time from phone call to my table!)Best to order a few and share!  Keep in mind, one of these pasties could contain up to 1200 calories or more!  One word: BUTTER.  Vegan pasties are also available, but you must call ahead to have them made.
God this place just boggles, you walk in to a store area filled with things no one could possibly want, but they do. That is the first boggle, on to boggle number two. The restaurant it self, it is outfitted like I guess you are at an indoor picnic. Boggle number three, the food. Well this place serves a variety of things one might want to eat if they had flavour, but everything tastes like it came from the same can. The final boggle, why is the place so crowded?
Fox restaurants typically are delicious, but people like myself and other Yelpers are weary of chain restaurants and although this is the only arrogant butcher and not a chain like Sauce or True Food its easy to lump it together into a "chain restaurant motif" being a Fox restaurant.  Fact of the matter is that's not fair, this unlike a quick in and out concept like Sauce, its a sit down restaurant that turns out to be excellent.   I've read reviews where people were disappointed with the quality, I think those people just drove out of there way maybe living in the west valley or something and amp'ed it up too highly, kinda like when you see a movie and it sucks then its better the next time.  Either way I've been here 3 times and every time had a delicious meal every time.  One thing that's really cool about this restaurant is that they give you an "antipasto" menu that looks like a sushi bar menu (single sheet of papter you can mark on with a pencil) full of various cheeses, meats and extras (grilled asparagus, olives, elephant garlic, $1 mussels, etc.) this allows you to get your appetizers going right away.  Whats great about this is not only the concept but the meats and cheeses are high quality and come with bread and jam that's honestly to die for, so delicious!  I could go for the antipasto menu alone.  To eat I've tried the turkey sloppy joe, which sounds dumb, in defense of the sandwich first off it was lunch and it came with a grilled poblano chili on top, it was amazing.  I've also for dinner tried the sweet baked potato tortellini (excellent) and my favorite thing so far which I will re order is the beef short rib stew with green chiles, fried egg, cornbread.  The flavor with the egg is mindbogglingly awesome and the cornbread is fresh, moist and delicious.  I've never had a bad meal and/or experience here, after here (as far as other bars @ citiscape) is a different story because I have an alcohol problem :)
My three stars are for the food only.  The food was good.  Service, on the other hand, was not so hot.  We were seated promptly and then no one came to even take a drink order for almost 10 minutes.  My daughter sat happily coloring.  One thing about this location that I noticed.....the tables seem to be right on top of one another.  The women sitting next to us looked irrated that a child was now sharing her seat.  The guys on the other side of us were using bad language in their conversation. I don't mind being seated close to others but others mind when you bring a child into the mix.  In my opinion we should have been seated at a table that was not so close to others or close to the other children that were there.  After 10 minutes our server finally showed and apologized for the wait.  He took our order and the food arrived fairly quickly.  My daughter loves the pasta here and I had the Chicken Del Sol.  This is like a southwest chicken stew and it was very good.  Flavorful and filling.  Again the ice tea here is the best!  I could drink a gallon of it.   And our server was kind enough to give me a to go cup with a refill and he refilled my daughter lemonade as well.  This location could use some work, in my opinon.  The front doors look very worn and the interior here needs some sprucing up.  And maybe some reaargement of the tables too.
i feel like when looking for restaurants on here, if i see a three star place i'm likely to avoid it. i had a very good experience here though.a friend and i were actually looking for a different mexican restaurant, one she tried to go to on a sunday and monday, the only two days they are closed, and when we arrived on saturday evening, we found a sign saying they have moved from phoenix to mesa.  clearly not destined to patronize that restaurant.  anyway, we'd passed the sign for this tiny strip mall restaurant and decided to head back and give an unknown place a try. the atmosphere is pretty generic, there are both booths and tables and some typical mexican decoration. doesn't transport me to a mexican pueblo, but it's not a tourist trap either so i was pretty comfortable.  after a quick scan of the menu my friend decided on the green chili burrito smothered with cheese and plated with beans and rice. ($6.75) i went for the chiles rellenos with rice and beans. ($9.25)we ate some average tortilla chips with some super spicy red chili salsa and though our meals were out in record time we got a free refill of the chips when we drained the first bowl. my chiles rellenos were excellent.  dark green chiles lightly breaded, filled to the brim with white cheese and smothered in a spicy green sauce with some extra cheese on top. rice tasted like it had been cooked in beef broth and the beans were definitely cooked with a ham bone.  i'm a vegetarian so i had to skip those but there were two big chiles and i got hot fluffy corn tortillas so i didn't need the sides anyway. (but $9.25 is a little steep for what i was able to eat) Kate started to dig into her plated burrito when she realized that it was not a 'green chile burrito' but a pork burrito with green chile sauce.  she's not a vegetarian, and is literally the calmest and nicest person i've ever met, but she was pissed. she didn't send it back under the pretenses of false advertising, which she probably should have, but she was really annoyed and even as we were leaving she commented that she would never go back to a place that doesn't label their menu items correctly. so on the one hand i would go back there in a heartbeat, quick service, good food and for the most part decent prices, kate would list it on a top ten places to avoid list. i would say if you're on baseline and you want something that doesn't pander to gringo's head over to el mesquite and give it a try.
I should have knelt and prayed before I sat but there was a candle burning to indicate the special solemnity of the occasion. I decided to take the kids here to test their pallets. A glass of red and their finest meal.The building is a perfect fusion of historic red Phoenix brick and Aaron Chamberlin modernism transformation. Our waiter Taylor was very attentive, pleasant and helpful. I believe we shall see him someday on Master Chief or possibly working his oven in chief whites.For me, Truchard Pinot. Napa Valley, 13/48. A dry medium body with a plush finish, or what I would simply describe as "The Blood of Christ." With that came the prime hanger steak, whipped potatoes, farm vegetables, pine nut lemon relish and a wine sauce, 24. This meat has an intense flavor making it an ideal choice. The seasonal vegetables were excellent and the saucy spectacle accessorizing this steak vanished quickly.My daughter had the roasted salmon, red quinoa, avocado, soy beans, radish, with sweet chili vinaigrette, 22. She loved everything but the quinoa. I took a few bites of the edible seed and loved it. It actually looked like purple rice and taste like cereal.The oldest boy got the heirloom tomato and cumber salad, peppers, red onions, zinfandel wine vinaigrette [no wonder he loved his salad], goat cheese which he said "what's that" and the pine nuts, 10. He couldn't do the yellow tomatoes ether, I loved them.And the baby got the free hamburger. It was shockingly huge. I had to cut it in half. Came with fries, so yum! I believe, in this communal house even Deus would simply say "Divine."
This place is no longer in business. Sad to see it go.
My friends and I loved the parlor from the moment we walked in the door.  The whole restaurant is amazing but some of my favorite things were the raised vegetable garden next to the front door, the bar with beauty parlor chairs, and the "men" and "women" cutouts in the bathroom door.Aside from being pretty the parlor serves up good food too!  I ordered the pizza of the day, which was an amazing combination of peaches and pruchuitto.  My friends and I also shared a cesar salad and a yummy cheesy cauliflower appetizer.  Our service was just right.  I will go back again.
Well, that girl we all know that is "Always Fresh" and "Always Juicy" is hanging out here at Terminal 2 at Sky Harbor Airport. (Isn't that conflicting images? Just Sayin'!)No, she isn't waiting to meet a Pilot sugar daddy. She is here to give him some of her hot goodness. Dave's little girl is all grown up now, even though she still has freckles and pigtails. Of course I am talking about Wendy. Who did you think I was talking about?When I lived here in the Valley of the Sun 6 years ago, this Terminal was pretty sad, old and tired. But they have done their best to update it, and add more fast food choices, like Wendy's. I haven't tasted Wendy's Hot and Juicy offerings in a long time. They now have many breakfast combos including an attempted upscale sausage egg melt panini. They also have what the military would call S.O.S, or commonly known as "Sh*t On a Shingle" (Creamed chipped beef on toast). But here it is on their biscuit, true to there southern image, although I believe their HQ is in suburban Ohio. They have several SOS type options, including sausage and chicken.I tried the $4.59 2 sausage and egg burrito combo. It sounds like a great deal until you realize  that the burritos are about the size of a Milky Way bar. Still, like Wendy, they were Fresh and Juicy.
I did go mainly because the coupon I got by mail. The coupon served it purpose! Starting from dark warm bread (YES), then to the appetizer (we had the home made potato chips) and finally to our main course. I ordered the prime rib eye with salad and cream spinach. The taste was good, not covered with annoying sauces or similar. To finish we had the desert included, but we had to take that home as it was too much. It is not that cheap for students budget, but once in a while it is good to have a good steak.
The Monday Night Pork Chop Special (MNPCS) was really good, as were the mashed potatoes! My mates tried the Turkey Ruben and the Club Sandwich - both were said to be quite edible...This is a very affordable dinner for the old town area. I saw what looked to be several "regulars" hanging at the bar.Karsen's will also deliver to several local bars that don't serve food! (J Chew, Rusty Spur, Patties...) Also note that this place is TINY.http://www.manta.com/coms2/dnbcompany_035ff3
Umm, made from scratch Sloppy Joes and fancy Mac and Cheese?? Pshh, you had me at Sloppy baby...The fact that there are any sub-par reviews of this place shocks the hell out of me. I had my third meal at District last night, and just like my previous two, it was spectacular.In the business of full disclosure, my friend and I were going to try Moira for the first time, but alas it was closed, and obviously a sign because we stumbled a few blocks further south to District and had quite the satisfying meal.We walked in about 6:45, and I'm sad to report the place was empty.  We took a seat at a cocktail table in the bar area so I could watch the hockey game (seriously, I am a dream date) and perused the bar menu. A nicely mannered waitress approached us almost immediately and remained attentive and helpful throughout our entire meal.The coolest thing about the bar menu was their new take on the pairing menu.  No longer do you have to be a wine conosseur to enjoy the Chef's special menu.  District offers three separate 3 course tasting menus, one featuring a wine pairing, one featuring a cocktail pairing, and one featuring a beer pairing all for between $12 and $14!  I mean, how cool is that?  I challenge you to find a better bargain for such high-quality fare complete with booze...give it up, you can't, I've looked.  If you don't know already, District offers about 10 or 12 different Microbrews on tap an obvious plus for a beer drinker like myself.Being the difficult diner that I am, I asked for the Sloppy Joe Sliders off the beer pairing menu so I could get a couple other small things and try a bunch.  Yes, I am an adult, and no, I can't not order a Sloppy Joe when it is featured on a menu, I'm sorry, I just can't.And thank goodness I lack that sense of propriety because the Sloppy Joe Sliders were freaking fantastic!! 3 perfectly sized mini toasted buns filled with possibly the best, spiciest Sloppy Joes I have ever eaten. Seriously, I sucked down my Apricot Ale seemingly in seconds thanks to the District's take on this classic!  Just don't tell my Mom, she still convinced I'm quite fond of her Mamwich Joes...I also had to get a side of their Andouille infused Macaroni and Cheese, another embarrassing thing that I just can't not order if it's offered on a menu, and it did not disappoint.  Cheezy, creamy, gooey perfection. My only complaint is that I was so full from my Joes I barely made a dent in my Mac n Cheese...alas, there's always next time.My dining companion ordered what must have been the biggest freaking burger I have ever seen, but to be honest I did not really look or care because I was far too enamored with my meal to be distracted by anything else.All in all, I had a spectacular meal at the District, from beginning to end.  If you haven't checked out this gem at the new Downtown Sheraton, do yourself a favor, you'll be in for a treat.
I know, I know I'm late to the party, but Hey, this place is Hell and gone from me. We arrived about and hour before closing so the place was pretty empty, but I really loved the the vibe, it was hip and modern and also very clean. I ordered the Vegan Mushroom & Spinach Scramble which was Tofu scramble with sauteed mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes and spinach. Served with sweet potato hash & toast. I LOVE a good Tofu scramble, this was one was pretty good, my only complaint was it could have used more flavor the Tofu was pretty bland. The Hash was delicious and spiked with rosemary, mushrooms, zucchini and onions. High marks for serving Vegan Stuff, but honestly don't see myself making the trek back anytime soon, not because I didn't like it, but simply because it's not practical to drive that far for breakfast.
I HAVE FALLEN IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE!I go on my way to work, and just love all the different smoothies that they have.  I think I have almost had everyone on the menu and I love adding the extra goodies like Spirulina or Whey Protein.  The person who owns it and their staff are hard working and put alot of effort into there stuff and you can taste the results.Every sandwich on the menu is entertaining and not boring or the same ol same ol.  The bread used on the sandwiches is very fresh and soft as well.  The flatbead sandwichs are good too.My favorite is the island combo where you can get half a sandwich and a smoothie for 6 bucks.  Just awesome.oh, and also pick up a club card.  I have gotten a few free smoothies already.
I've eaten here way too many times. I still like it once a month now. I have been weaned off my edible crack, however I can and will have that relapse. I suggest the Orange Chicken. Damn good cheesecake!The specials never change. I never order them.I will eat at least 2 baskets of their wheat bread.
On the same day we went to Matt's I found myself back downtown in the early afternoon.  It was Cartel's grand opening or so I had heard on Twitter.  I pulled right up and walked in.  The guys behind the counter were friendly and helpful.  One of them made me the creamiest mocha I have ever had.  It was delish!!  I would have licked the bottom of the cup but my manners wouldn't let me.  They has snacks out too.  I had a delicious scone with my mocha.  And then, I found out that they were giving free 15 minute massages.  I was there!Chris, the massage therapist, was great.  He was so professional and answered some of my questions.  So I walked out of Cartel feeling refreshed and ready to go to my next stop.  Thanks Cartel!
My first trip was for lunch. My waiter sold me on the Lunch Special (fried shrimp and crab cakes with pineapple salsa, (see pics)$ 15 But I Love quiche so I had to order that too (see pics) $10 Thank God I ordered both, these were smaller than appetizers, I was told that Lunch had full size portions? O well I guess~ at least it was really good.~ Although I did have a problem with the shrimp, it tasted like cleaner, they brought me a couple more crab-cakes instead. side note*= tables have no salt, pepper or sweeteners, I ordered an ice tea and still was not offered any sugar.Second trip Brunch= I had already made reservations for brunch prior to my first visit. So here we are again no salt and pepper or sweeteners, there was 3 of us and only two table setting up until right before our food came out. Ordered Ice tea and still had to ask for sweeteners. What we ordered: Ham and biscuits=Fresh Baked Biscuits, Virginia Ham, Poached Eggs, Champagne Hollandaise (see pics) $12The "ham" was not ham but extremely cheap and salty prosciutto, I put it aside, the rest was quite good although rather tiny. I informed the waiter , he comes back with the chefs apologies and some lame excuse saying "well its American prosciutto that's why we call it ham" WTH the menu says Virginia ham? Virginia Ham Monte Cristo=Edwards and Sons Ham, Sourdough French Toast, Swiss Cheese (see pics) $11. Very Good, probably the best thing between us all and it had the ham that it described. Sunny Side Up Eggs=Organic Eggs, Smoked Bacon, Hash Browns (see pics) $9This was not on the kids menu by the way and very sadly it was served with Denny's hash-browns, this is a fancier restaurant shouldn't those be taboo?? Buttermilk Pancakes=House-made Butter, Fig and Peach Syrup (see pics) $10They tasted good but that does not make up for the fact that they were served with NO BUTTER and COLD SYRUP and a little burnt as you can see!!!Let me sum it all up for you: Ham and biscuits................. $12Virginia Ham Monte Cristo.....$11Sunny Side Up Eggs............$9Buttermilk Pancakes...........$10 Having to go somewhere else for breakfast after brunch..........PRICELESS!!! I really have mixed feelings about this place, because the food is quite good but really overpriced for the portion size. I mean I do go to a restaurant to EAT for God's Sake!It might be cheaper to invest in a Lap Band Surgery than to try and go here and get full.I have to go with 2.5 stars
The name makes my mouth water.  Matts Big Breakfast.  Quality food, this location will make you proud of what downtown phoenix has to offer and what is to Come.  From the vegetables to the meat selection hand picked food creates quality dishes.    This location serves a  big breakfast in a small place. I look forward to seeing this place grow, do i hear patio?
I thought all was lost in Scottsdale, how could we be living so close to Mexico and not have a descent Mexican restaurant and then I found Los Sombreros. My goodness the food is amazing, the margaritas, to die for. The entire staff was extremely helpful. They just cant go wrong. I have only been there twice and both times I was thoroughly impressed. I had the Enchiladas de pollo my first time, delicious, and my dining partner had the Mole Poblano (He's from Mexico City and he said its one of the best mole hes had in the states) Second time around I had the Tacos dorados, and a few appetizers, the guacamole and the Tortilla soup are a must, they are outrageously awesome. The only down side is it can get pretty warm inside, we ask to move outside to the misted patio and were completely comfortable.
After stopping in at La Bocca and Z Tejas for a drink and appetizer, my husband, sister (who was in town for the weekend), and I decided to stop at Ra for a few sushi dishes and drinks. We sat at a high table in the bar area. Our server was friendly enough at first, although, as I'll explain below, she turned out to be really rude and unprofessional. The music was definitely loud, but I do think that the atmosphere here is great if you're in the mood to be out and about and around a lot of people. I wouldn't choose it for a romantic, conversation-focused outing, but it's not a bad place to take an out-of-town guest for a night out or to have an energetic night with friends. Since I was driving, I just had water. My husband and my sister ordered 2 of the specialty cocktails, which came quickly enough but were ridiculously sweet and weak. If you like drinks with some substance to them, I'd suggest ordered a regular mixed drink and not one of their specialty drinks, even if the cheesy names like "Effen It In the Raw" call out to you. For food, we ordered the lobster spring rolls, crispy spicy tuna roll, and the yellowtail sashimi. The fish was definitely fresh, but the portions were ridiculously small. The lobster spring rolls were actually really good, and you get a decent amount of lobster meat for the price ($9.75). We were planning to go to Final Round (a bar in South Tempe that has karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays) after, so we were thinking about leaving after we finished our appetizers, but my sister was still hungry, so we asked our server if we could take another look at the menu. She brought us the menu, but we quickly realized that we were full, so we told her that we were ready for the check. She all of a sudden got an attitude and just snatched the menu and walked away. We were sitting in the bar area precisely because we weren't planning on ordering a lot, and we didn't appreciate her attitude. We paid and left, but my sister then realized that she might have left her debit card in the check presenter. When she went back to look, the hostess was really ditzy and rude about it and didn't even offer proactively to talk to our server about the card. My sister had to ask her if she could go find our server to help us. When my sister asked our server if she had seen it, she was really rude and snapped that she hadn't seen it. My sister asked nicely if the server could take a look in the check presenters, and instead of being helpful and kind in a situation that was obviously stressful, she stomped over, grabbed the check presenter with our check copy inside and shook it out, stating "See? It's not here!" I understand that a restaurant like Ra is busy on a Friday night, but that didn't excuse rude or snappy service with an attitude, especially when it came to something serious. Decent sushi and appetizers and fun atmosphere weigh in Ra's favor. Small portions, sickeningly sweet drinks, and full-of-it service send its rating right back down to 3 stars.
Wow! Just wow! Totally worth the cost of all you can eat. The sushi was my favorite and the entire reason I will return and recommend anyone who doesn't like buffets to give this place a try. It's definitely not the average buffet with hit or miss options. The spread was amazing with crab legs, oysters, tons of dessert. Kid friendly selections as well. Our waitress was very nice and we even used the $5 off yelp check in coupon.
Came here yet again for happy hour and to check out some flamenco dancing (they offer it every Wednesday evening) and it was beyond amazing. The sangria was so-so ... a little too sweet for my taste. I stuck to my jack and cokes... and was truly moved by the flamenco performances. The place was packed - so if you want to check out the dancing come around 630 or so. Made me proud to live in the southwest. Ole!!!!
Ever since I moved here from the OC (where I've been super spoiled when it comes to good Pho)...I've been on an unsuccessful quest to find good Pho.  Pho is not something I want to eat on a regular basis...but there are days when I just want a good bowl of Pho and it's frustrating when I have to drive around and settle for something mediocre.I wanted to come here about a month back but they were closed on the day I wanted to come (again, I was having some Pho craving issues).  But today was my lucky day because all the stars lined up and here we are at Pho Van!  Walking in, the restaurant felt really open, clean and inviting.  The people running the place were friendly and attentive.  I did notice prices were a little on the high side for a Pho joint.We got the Pho Dac Biet and found the broth steaming hot and perfectly seasoned.  There was plenty of noodles and ample amount of meat w/a nice dish of very fresh herbs & veggies.  The only thing I wasn't thrilled w/was the obvious lack of tripe (which was my favorite thing in the Pho)...I didn't really find any and I had to read the menu again to be sure that it was included as part of the description.  The second thing I wasn't impressed w/was the beef/meatballs...they were kinda on the hard & dense side and wasn't plump & juicy.We also got the house special Bun Rieu...and again, the broth was steaming hot and perfectly seasoned and tasty.  I was also pleasantly surprised to see escargot (which I love) in it...even if it was on the chewy side (lucky for me, I'm okay w/my escargots being chewy...although the boyfriend didn't care for them that way).  One thing that prevented this bowl from getting 5 stars is the shrimp cakes/dumplings in this noodle (which is suppose to be the highlight of the meal) was completely lacking in shrimps...it was disappointingly made up mostly of ground pork w/just a hint of shrimp.Maybe I'm just being really particular because I've searched and waited so long for a restaurant w/this much promise to come along.  Overall, the food was really good and I would def go back and I do highly recommend this place to friends and family.
The rumors don't lie - come to Roaring Fork and get the Green Chili Mac & Cheese. You can't make mac & cheese like this at home (yes I have spent the last hour googling for it and by all accounts, every food blogger fails to replicate it at home). The sauce is perfectly velvety smooth with a bright spicy flavor (and bright green color) and a lovely crunchy breadcrumb topping. It is perfection and it's served in the cutest little skillet. Everything else we had wasn't as good, but still worth mentioning. For vegetarians (like me) you can pick an assortment of sides and they'll serve it all together on a plate with some stuff mixed into hollowed out tomatoes.- Mexican Street Corn: I was expecting corn on the cob on a stick covered in mayo and cheese, but was pleasantly surprised to receive a very flavorful corn off the cob. The corn was fire roasted and mixed with yummy cilantro and garlic. It was quite delicious and I would recommend this side dish to anyone.- Black Bean Puree: Awesome. They used cumin quite liberally in this dish so it was very flavorful. Even my boyfriend, who up until this meal claimed to dislike beans, liked it.- Green Chili Mac & Cheese: See introduction. You must get this dish!- Roasted Vegetables: A misnomer. They were steamed/sauteed vegetables and were fine. I was expecting a deep roasted flavor so it was a little disappointing to just get steamed squash, but that's okay.- Fish Tacos: My boyfriend's mom got these and liked them a lot. She said the dish was very fresh and the pesto sauce was a unique and yummy addition to regular fish tacos.- Fried Chicken: My boyfriend ordered this and liked it, His mashed potatoes were delicious.- Huckleberry Margarita: A fun concept. It's a regular frozen margarita with a jam-like puree of huckleberry that you mix together. I liked them a lot but perhaps ordered too many because I felt a little hungover later.- Huckleberry Bread Pudding: Amazing bread pudding! Roaring Fork probably uses some type of cake bread (maybe pound cake?) because the bread pudding was so soft and silky and tasted very strong of birthday cake (in the best possible way). The berry flavor wasn't really there but added a nice pop to a few bites. The vanilla ice cream served with it had a very strong french vanilla taste which went perfectly with the birthday cake-tasting bread pudding. Yummy!I would highly recommend bringing out of towners here (it has a fun southwestern/cowboy vibe, fancied up) or coming on a date. The food is quite good and reasonably priced for a James Beard award winning chef.
This locally owned deli is awesome!  Thank you, Amy D, for introducing me to Lunch 'N Go as I would never have found it without you!  It's hiding in the commercial buildings in the Scottsdale airpark, but it's worth checking out... The Polish family that owns and runs the place could not be sweeter.  The  menu is huge and they offer pretty much any sandwich or salad you can think of... I went with the 'Nutty Honey' salad... yum!  It was a really big portion consisting of fresh, crisp greens topped with their special chicken salad (great texture and sweetened with honey + topped with cashews) and tomato and cucumber.  I had them add a 1/4 avocado and ordered the honey mustard dressing that was delicious!The sandwiches look awesome and they had a ton of sides to choose from too.  Prices are pretty good and they do a large amount of delivery business.  If you work in the area, take advantage of that... if you don't, make a trip and check this place out - it's worth it!Sidenote - tell the owner you're friends with Amy D... and if you really want to impress her, PM Amy for an appropriate Polish phrase as well!
My pregnant wife (The Vessel) demands pancakes on Sundays and after each Dr visit. She seems to be booking a lot of Dr visits.As usual, Original Pancake House (OPH) was f'ing packed. Too hot to wait outside. We've driven/biked past Bacon a few 100 times since we live close by and kept meaning to try it. Unlike most times we try someplace new, we decided to forego Yelp first and not pre-taint our experience. With a name like Bacon, we knew the reviews would be polarized, regardless of what the place was like.AMBIANCEIt's late June and summer has finally kicked in with a vengeance. A little freaked out that 2 of the 4 walls were opened to the outside, when it was hot as balls. But once inside, instantly charmed. It's like you're transported to a little breakfast joint in Sonoma. Comfy, clean, spacious, modern, homey, welcoming... unexpected in Old Town. Looked like some money was put into it; yet retained a one-off feel, as opposed to a corporate smell. Lots of real wood, chalkboard paint, galvanized metal and food service sized cans on display. I hope the AC bill doesn't put them out of business.SERVICEThe young staff was attentive, friendly and timely. They engaged as much as you cared too, but weren't heavily scripted. Not completely relaxed and smooth like only years of food life can bring, but competent.FOODEggs Benedict is my benchmark for my first time at any breakfast place. Although the menu had tons of things I look forward to exploring, I had to benchmark it. Apparently they were out of canadian bacon, so they subbed a delicious slab of grilled country ham. The scale was a bit off, heavy on the ham side, but it was fantastic breakfast ham and the Benedict was excellent. You could actually taste the English Muffin and it was perfectly toasted. Great, from scratch Hollandaise, not too tart or salty.The Vessel's French Toast was excellent too. Warm blueberry sauce was the clincher. And the side of bacon was perfect, meaty and balanced between sweet and salty. Definitely cooked to order in our case it wasn't dried out.The home fries were unlike anything I've had for breakfast. Almost like oven-roasted potatoes you'd get with a pork roast. Loved em.BOTTOM LINENow after reading the previous reviews, it seems as if the appropriate asses were kicked or replaced. Everything was competent at a minimum, and mostly excellent. Great to welcome a cool, fresh, inviting breakfast joint to Old Town, since OPH is obscenely busy whenever we want to go, Breakfast Club is obscenely mediocre now and the other alternatives are either corporate or suck.Looking forward to exploring the menu. And since they have a full bar that can take advantage of how the place opens up, they are going to be open at night once the weather gets nicer.  Yay, drunk biking.Thanks Bacon! Thanks for transporting us outside of nuclear hot summertime Scottsdale. Until Cafe Monarch reopens in the Fall, you might just be our sole go-to breakfast spot in Scottsdale :-D
Have you ever been riding along and a place catches your eye and for whatever reason you can't stop but vow to return to that place one day? Mandy's was that place for me. Right off the light rail stop at 24th Street, I was continually passing it by on my commute from Mesa to Downtown Phoenix and back again.When a friend of mine at work had yet to experience the light rail, I knew a perfect opportunity for her to ride it would be an excursion for lunch and Mandy's would be the ideal place for us to go. Believe me, Ms. Mandy did NOT dissapoint. Almost everything there is fresh and homemade.  The fish was tasty and not greasy and the tartar sauce was chunky and creamy. The cocktail sauce was a tad vinegary for my liking, but it had good flavor.The only thing that I think would take this place to the next level and give it an extra star is some hand cut fresh 'chips' because while cooked well, you can tell they came out of a bag. I'll definitely be returning and bringing friends with me next time!
We entered Sleepy dog at around 9:30 it was really empty in the place I sat at the bar and ordered a sampler this is by far the largest sampler I have ever had at a brewery...  I finished the sampler and ordered a Red Rover my favorite beer... They have free popcorn and you can play board games at the bar I said Yahtzee anyone now I am drinking great craft beer and playing Yahtzee by this time the place is packed... They have a cool wheel you can spin for a buck to win drinks or money off drinks let's say I could not drink all I won lol... Plus they have a really cool TV that they will post pictures of your dog if you email it to them... I just think it's an all-around cool place to chill plus I always want to support the underdog.
It's hard to write a review for a restaurant that is loved by so many others as an Elite Yelper, and have to give it a "Meh" review. Cibo initially won me over with its great atmosphere, fantastic hosts and delicious appetizers, but it did not last. Be prepared for a lengthy review because I'd really like to describe my experience in full.I wound up at Cibo with a decent-sized group (12 total, I believe), and everything started off great; the drinks began flowing and the appetizer was being passed around for all to share. The process for ordering was a little slow, but busy Friday night, large table...no biggie. I completely understood, and we kept ourselves busy with conversation. After a bit we got our entre orders in and everyone went with pizzas, and not 10 minutes later, they began to arrive.Now, being the first visit for me, I decided to ask for recommendations. That's just what I like to do because I like to hear a server get really excited about one of their favorite dishes. For the white pizzas, our server suggested the Di Notte. I was instantly sold, so much so that I asked for a suggestion on the red pizzas. He then mentioned the Capricciosa, and after a brief chat between him, my girlfriend and myself (Important Note: about the artichokes on the pizza), I told him that we'd take it.Going back to the arrival of the pizzas...they came out staggered, which made sense since there is only one pizza oven. We all began sharing as each pie came out, and life was good. First we got our Di Notte (a delicious mix of cheese and spicy salami) which was cooked perfectly and tasted great! A little later, after other pie orders began filling the table, came a vegetarian. The runners are slammed, and they just call out the names of the pizzas and wait for a hand to be raised. Not really hearing the name correctly, I asked if that was the pizza with the artichokes. The runner said yes, and I took the pizza (Note: I was the only one at the table that had artichokes on my pizza). This all brings me to the most awkward moment at a restaurant for me in a very long time. We decided to wait on touching the vegetarian pizza because we thought the runner just delivered to the wrong table. It happens, and I was totally ready to hand that pie over unscathed. But when our server came back and I mentioned the potential mistake, he told me that was what I ordered and continued to repeat it over and over. This was an embarrassing situation mostly because I took HIS recommendation because it was my first visit, and we had never even mentioned the "Vegetariana," and because during the conversation we were having the whole table fell silent (funny little extra - the musician just started his break as well...complete silence). He caused a scene even after I had told him it was alright and we'd just take the pizza because it was a mistake. I tried not to place any blame and talked to him with a "this happens" kind of demeanor, but he insisted that that's what we ordered...PLUS he said that he specifically remembered us ordering that because we weren't interested in artichokes. Guess what's on the Vegetariana, folks? Yep. Artichokes. A whole fourth of the pizza was covered in them (I love artichokes, by the way. This posed no problem.). Once that was pointed out, instead of any sort of apology, he decided to explain how the artichokes were only on one "quadrant" of the pizza. C'mon now...I can see a bullshitter, and that was just blatant. It's ridiculous to claim that we ordered a different pizza because of one particular ingredient only to order another with the SAME ingredient. I hope you, the reader, is understanding the uncomfortable situation that I was in because it was a weird one. I kind of couldn't wait to get out of there for the remainder of the dinner.That all being said, the woman at the cash bar, Melissa, was great, and she really made an effort to make our table feel a little more comfortable after the whole incident. I hope the owner of Cibo can take note of that because it wasn't really her job, but she was sweet, personable and took it upon herself to feel embarrassed and responsible for our server.My first trip to Cibo was a bust, and it's really hard to want to make a return visit, but in time I'm sure I will. I can't let one bad experience dictate how I completely feel about such a beloved local restaurant. Sorry for the length, but I hope this review can be of help to someone. The food and the atmosphere was good, but my experience with the service totally overshadowed them.
The phrase "Guy ate here" seems to be popping up quite a bit around the Valley.On the hunt for some great Italian food, it's no surprise that Guy Fieri, of the Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, found La Piazza Al Forno, one of downtown Glendale's independent eateries.If you've never been to downtown Glendale, it has a certain untouched-by-progress charm that's worth seeking out. There are antique and gift shops, historic homes and a choice of interesting places to eat.Owned by chef Justin Piazza, La Piazza is all about comfort Italian. The menu might be small but it packs a wallop, offering a range of pizzas, pasta and a handful of salads. I went hog wild because there were so many things that I wanted to try, and at their low prices I indulged.Might as well start with something light, like the Spinach Salad ($8), which is covered in a warm bacon vinaigrette and topped with feta cheese. The spinach was super fresh, showing the commitment to the best and newly picked ingredients. Considering the meager cost of this huge salad shared by two hefty eaters there is some serious value to be had here.Antipasti offerings are kept simple, with only a handful of choices, but one caught my eye. I was elated with each bite of Fried Ravioli ($8.50). Breaking through the crispy pasta revealed an inside filled with a molten cheesy heaven. This come with a side of tomato sauce for dipping and once you get started with these bad boys, it's hard to stop.Based on the name alone, anything called Spaghetti Pie ($9) is worth ordering. So I was tickled when the massive slab of baked spaghetti resembling a brick was set onto the table. Spaghetti was layered with cheese and finished with a tomato sauce cream sauce that was so satisfying. The spaghetti pie was a daily special, but from other visits it's pretty normal to see it featured.Their pizzas are baked in a wood-burning oven. Preparation takes only a few minutes and the intense heat slightly chars and crisps the pizzas. The Italian Stallion ($16), in all of its meaty goodness, is covered with fresh mozzarella, pepperoni, sausage, prosciutto and sopressata. For some, all of this meat might sound excessive, but the distribution and amount create a balance of cheese, meat and crust, making each chewy bite a pleasure.Guy Fieri has taste you can trust, proving himself once again with La Piazza al Forno. During peak dinner hours there will be a line out the door. If you want to avoid this, go for lunch the odds are you'll be seated right away.
Came here for dinner and was satisfied with my meal.  At 8:30 PM I was the only one in the restaurant so that was pretty odd. I got some lamb vindaloo, garlic naan and a lager. The lamb was good but a little on the tough side and the vindaloo was nice and spicy as I wanted. rice wasn't included in the dish which was somewhat of a letdown considering the vindaloo itself was not on the bargain side of pricing. But overall the waitstaff was good  and the food was satisfying. Would definitely eat here again if in the area and needed a hit of Indian.
I really enjoy the concept of Asian Tapas. Sens is in a nice location, definitely has a hip vibe to the place with the art work and music. We walked in on a Friday night and were sat within 3 minutes. The cocktail menu is very thoughtful and full of signature martinis and geographic specific beers. Between the two of us we had 10 plates, including dessert. The high lights were the Sugar cane pork, Pork and wasabi dumplings and the quail. They are small plates, and for most, I'd recommend this place as an appetizer stop, may not want to bank on getting entirely fed. It is an intimate place with thoughtful drinks and cuisine.. I recommend it to all.
Ice Cream Cookie. Three words that are near and dear to my heart. What makes this delectable treat from Churn so special? They are made to order, and you can create your own combination from their assortment of ice cream and cookie flavors (made fresh daily)! Overwhelmed by the possibilities, I fell back on the fondly familiar and went with vanilla bean ice cream embraced by a chocolate chip and a double chocolate chip cookie. Oh yes!  Served in a cute cup (hey, the good stuff can get messy), it was the perfect treat for a warm Saturday afternoon.  Big enough for sharing, too!I was so enamored by my dessert that I probably didn't pay close enough attention to all of the other wonderful things Churn has to offer. To me, that is a perfect excuse to go back... soon!
This place is a solid, good, and rather typical Mexican restaurant:  The margaritas are good, fair priced, and also come in pitchers, the decor is slightly tacky, when you are seated you get fresh chips and salsa, and everybody seems to be on 'island time'.  The one thing that really does it for me at Frank & Lupe's Old Mexico is the patio!  That is why I keep coming back.  I should also mention I think 'Frank and Lupe's' is a cool name and fun to say.  If you are in a hurry don't come here, but if you want to lounge on the patio and have a leisurely lunch with a margarita in Old Town, well then, Frank and Lupe's is your place!
I'm loving the Cochata so much that I swung by twice this past weekend. Whoever came up with this coffee and horchata concoction is a genius.Now I only wish America offered a soyrizo breakfast burrito. Will you please do this for me and all the soyrizo lovers in the Melrose? Thanks in advance.
I used to like blue wasabi.Admittedly, I liked other sushi places better.  Blue wasabi was more of a drinking place with decent sushi, and I don't mean decent like not indecent--I mean decent like eh, it was decent.this place has the acoustics of a mess hall.  annoying. but what really annoyed me was this:one time I was there with wife and in-laws, and because I have a ridiculously sensitive palate (at least when it comes to salt) I noticed right away that there was some foul shit happening with the soy sauce.  By foul shit, I mean that they were serving the low sodium version.  *pauses for ensuing outrage*Now they serve their soy sauce in little innocuous looking devices that don't come with the courtesy of a green or red lid.  What this means is that innocent people were unwittingly eating low sodium soy sauce.  Which is punishable by law, or divine retribution when "kingdom" finally "comes."  anyway....So I ask for the manager, and say: "is this low sodium soy sauce?" And he says: "Yes."  And I say: "Can I please have some *real* soy sauce?" And he says: "we don't serve anything but low sodium soy sauce."One fucking star, and be glad you got even that.  You should be embarrassed.
We stopped by here for drinks one evening after pizza at Humble Pie.  Gary and I were entertaining a French guest.  It's pretty snazzy inside!  We only had drinks, but I'll definitely be back for dinner. We went specifically for absinthe.  Our awesome bartender, the bald guy from Seattle (I can't believe I forgot his name), gave us quite the informative lesson on the lovely absinthe.  Then, we learned more from the manager...It was the first time either of us had had it.  They have three kinds, that were equally amazing.  When they were having their second glass, I decided to have a drink called 'Hemingway's Muse', champagne and a shot of absinthe. It was heavenly.Gary and  I are now HUGE fans of absinthe.  We went out and bought a bottle the next day.  We've made all sorts of interesting concoctions with it, including an absinthe milkshake! ha!We made friends with everyone around us... and everyone was also drinking absinthe!!!  Go try it, and make sure to sign the book!
This is really good Mexican food on a budget. The decor is standard, the service is wonderful, and the food is amazing. I have been to this location several times and have been pleased with everything I have ever ordered. The tostadas and the chimichingas really stand out in my memory.Their chips and salsa are some of the best I have tasted.
This review is about the management of Binkleys, not the food as I never got to use the $200 prepaid voucher I had for the establishment.Having received a $200 voucher for my birthday I tried on several occasions to use it, I have two small kids and I travel a lot. On the three occasions I tried to use it they had not reservations available. One one occasion I had a reservation but had to cancel as I was sick (being fair)I finally got a reservation and the manager called me and in a very abrupt way informed me my voucher was worthless as it had expired. Upon review the term EXP with a date is apparently the expiry date.Given they had had the benefit of our money for over a year I thought they may be interested in honoring the voucher. NO I was informed and the neo fascist manager began to unload on me and chastise me for not being organized enough to use it.I am pretty reasonable and it it were my place I would accommodate customers, more so if a person who prepaid, it would make sense you accommodate them with a reservation, however Binkleys stance is "we have your cash now, let's fill the place with people who are yet to pay and the idiots who prepay can wait till last"This place may have great food but great management with a ficus on service and customers ...... NO WAY.Mr Binkley or what ever your name is you Bilked me out of my birthday present, thank you.I can only hope $200 worth of misfortune follows you.
The bar was not gold and it was not a bar so much as a counter.  I did not see any gold bars in evidence.  My espresso drink was not concocted in any way involving a gold bar. So basically the name is a total misnomer in my book.I did notice that the employee who made my espresso drink was friendly and helpful, that the drink was good, that the place has free wifi and that there was plenty of seating.Good product, atmosphere and service, no gold bar to be found.This concludes my review of Gold Bar Espresso.Thank you for reading.
It was my first time here and I brought some friends. I was really excited about the meal since I've always heard great things about it and thought this would be a great time to try it out during Restaurant Week but that excitement fell by the wayside as the night progressed.Well, the food was "ok". Despite my friend's duck being a bit on the dry side and the soup being served in bowls that were too wide which made them cool off faster than they could be eaten, it was decent.  The ambiance is pleasant and definitely romantic.  Service wise... definitely left room for improvement.1) Some of our dishes were taken while we were still eating.2) On more than one occasion we had to ask for more water.3) When announcing the food the waiters were presenting, some forgot the descriptions. Not a super big deal but if you're going to open your mouth to announce what is in the dish, shouldn't you remember what is in it?4) There was a 30 minute wait between the appetizer and the first course5) The servers chimed into our party's conversation unexpectedly. This is something I'd expect of Dennys, not Quiessence.If you go here for dinner, bring a flashlight for the parking lot and the walk through the courtyard to the restaurant.  An older couple I saw leaving almost couldn't find their way through the courtyard and I was a bit worried one of them might fall.  Considering the rough terrain, you'd think they'd light up the pathway a bit more.
02/21/11Came here after reading Linda W.'s delightful review.  Had the green tea, gyoza (potstickers), beef and pork egg noodle combo, and a strawberry boba shake.  The gyoza app was good, though the six pieces were too small to share, BUT they were definitely MUCH better than those I'd found at China Magic Noodle House!  The noodle dish was good... preferred the BBQ pork over the beef pieces, but the leftovers weren't as good-- I threw them out after the first bite.  The homemade boba shake was a very nice surprise... creamy and a bit too sweet for me, so I stopped after about a third of it.  Many of the boba (tapioca rounds) were too big to pass through the straw, and that straw was HUGE, as straws go, and that was another reason for me to quit trying.  What I didn't like was finding a bit of plastic in my mouth after taking a big slurp-- the shake was made on site, then mechanically topped w/ a plastic wrap cover that had to be broken w/ a straw in order to drink out of the cup- blech!  Having written all that, I'd order another shake in the future, and I'll be sure to share it w/ a friend, or two!
Came back to La Bocca last night. The only other time I've been here was  for the Yelp Elite event last Sunday, but after that experience, we knew we'd be back. We told the hostess we were just here for dessert and she sat us at a great cozy table for 2 in one of the corners of the restaurant, which was pretty busy. Our server was really friendly and immediately got our drinks and put in our order for the OMG. Our dessert came out in no time and it was DELICIOUS. ice cream, and melted chocolate with espresso. It was like a gooey brownie. We saw the server who waited on us during the Elite event last Sunday and he said hi. Everyone here is so friendly and attentive. Our server and one of the owners both waited on us. They have relaxed happy hour specials from 11-6:30 pm and live music on Thursdays so we'll be back.
This is the one I call the "Other" Jordan's. Not because it is any worse, only because it isn't the one I grew up eating at.This Jordan's is downtown, along a little strip of restaurants including the Caddy Corner, Durant's, and Thaiger. And the food here is slightly different from the other Jordan's, but just as good. The service here is quicker but more in tune with a lunch crowd, since most of their customers pop in from neighboring office buildings. It is very dark inside but it serves as a nice respite in the summertime when the sun glares at such absurd temperatures. They have some lunch specials that aren't available at the 7th street location, and even some deviations from traditional mexican fare like ham and cheese sandwiches or burgers. My recommendation is to dance with the fella that brought you, so don't stray too far from the tacos and enchiladas.
I've been to Padre's twice now - once for a full dinner and a second time for a margarita and a bite. I really like the bar area, find the service to be friendly and attentive, and think that certain dishes on the are top-notch. On the downside, the dining area (as opposed to the bar) is dull, the parking is tight, and the margaritas aren't all they're cracked up to be. Both times we've gone, we've really loved the food. The cilantro mousse was a really interesting and different accompaniment to chips, and the black bean soup was a flavorful and rich starter. As far as main dishes,  the duck tacos are absolutely outstanding. Wow. We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside. I'm not a huge steak person, and I love the way their duck combines the juiciness and charred texture of steak with the lightness of poultry. Both times, we also had super-friendly servers who were very attentive. We did not fall head-over-heels for the margaritas, though. We tried the $5 Padre's Margarita and found it to be way too sweet. Not the worst margarita we've had, but nothing outstanding either; I much prefer the house margaritas at Z Tejas if I'm going to go cheap, or the fresh-squeezed/hand-mixed ones at McCormick's if I feel like splurging. We also weren't huge fans of the dining area. The first time, we chose to sat there, whereas the second time we were offered a table since the bar area was full. It's just kind of closed off and uninspiring, with ugly gold ceiling fans and no windows. Atmosphere isn't everything, but it would be nice for the dining area to complement or highlight the inventiveness and passion that clearly goes into the food. A few final notes: 1. Parking is tight, and even if you're lucky enough to find a spot in front, good luck getting out of it. I had to do a three-point turn just to pull out of the angled spot! 2. There appears to be a big patio on the left side of the building. I'm not sure if food is served there, but it looked like a really pretty spot to have a drink and talk.3. Happy hour is M-F from 4-6 pm in the bar area only. Beer is $2.50, margaritas are $3, mojo martinis and wine of the day are $5, and mojitos are $6. There is a special 6-item bar food menu with prices ranging from $5 to $7.
I'd been to Postinos a couple times, but once I took my parents there, it's the only place they ever want to go! As big wine folks, they know that after the hour and a half drive from Tucson, they just want to relax and have a glass of wine and some bruschetta.While there isn't a HUGE menu to select from, the bruschetta, soups, salads and paninis are perfectly portioned, amazingly tasty and refreshing, no matter what time of year. Their unique selection of bruschetta includes apple and brie with fig spread, proscuitto with figs and mascarpone and salami with pesto (plus a few others). And their wine list makes up for it. They have an extensive selection that they change out regularly, and you can buy a bottle on your way out to enjoy at home.  My favorite that I discovered at Postinos is the Hey Mambo.Tucked away in a charming neighborhood in Phoenix, Postinos is a great place to enjoy some wine and bruschetta. They usually do have the garage door open, so you get the fresh outdoors no matter where you sit. When the weather is perfect out, the outdoor seating is great too.Although 90% of the time you have to valet park due to limited parking, it is only $3 and very convenient. It is probably one of the only places I don't mind valet parking at in Phoenix.
The CS guys rock!. Table for 10 and only 1hr waiting!! We went without reservations, just to try and EUREKA! we made it. It was worth to try it and taste all the good flavors of their pizzas. We shared Rosa (by far my favorite), Sonny boy and ...name is gone. All tasty and well done. Pizza is not very large, so if you are looking the thick dough and greasy pizza for 1 dollar, forget it. A one time event, as I don't think I would wait again so much for this pizza...after all, good things are best kept in your mind :)
Best new spot to open in Cen Pho for ages.The goat cheese app is amazing.I ate the best (bone in!) pork chop on the planet. The polenta... perfect. The presentation, artful. My date ordered the chicken, hot and smoky. The chicken wasn't bad, either.The bread is real bread, with a crust that one must chew and chew and chew. And chew. It was heaven.The service and ambiance are so good, I forgot that I was still in AZ for just a few minutes.
Good food, great service!  I love their #5 taco plate!  I only wished they would open earlier.
I love the concept, I love the decor, I love the idea, hopefully the food can catch up. We knew going opening week would be under par as the staff tries to gain their groove, so we went in with I'd say low expectations. We weren't disappointed. Our server knew nothing about the products on the menu or the beverages offered. My friends each got craft brews and were offered non-chilled glasses, they opted to just drink out of the bottle. I tried the Strawberry fields cocktail. It tasted purely of artificial syrup - nothing fresh about it, and I couldn't tell if the Vodka made it in the glass or not.We decided to start with the Pretzel and then each opted for different Brats so we could share and get a variety. The pretzel didn't come out till the brats did - so much for ordering an app. When it did finally arrive it was a very dark brown and somewhat mangled look,  we could have gotten past that if it at least tasted good, but not only was this pretzel an eye sore, it was a mouth sore. It was everything you don't want a pretzel to be - tough, chewy and burnt. Finally, the Brats... the Brats themselves weren't bad, but the Brat:Bread Ratio was way off. We received these huge Brat buns that were easily double the size of the actual brat. I wouldn't call myself a Brat aficionado I just can't imagine how you screw up such a simple and easy item - especially if you are the "Brat Haus". The one item of the whole evening actually worth noting was the Apricot Chutney, it was flavorful and the only reason I was able to finish my bready meal. I would be up to giving them another chance, it seems everyone else had a much better experience. I hate to leave bad reviews, but hey, you can't win them all!
I have really mixed emotions about Sack's. On one hand, the baguette bread is soft and chewy; the sandwiches are creative (my coworkers both really like the Jazz and the Gothic); if you don't see a sandwich on the menu you want you can create your own; they use spicy brown mustard (yummy!); the caesar salad is good; service is quick; and you get a cookie with all sandwiches and salad.On the other hand, it gets really crowded if you don't get there by 11:30 am or arrive after 12:45 pm; the parking lot is super small, so you typically have to park at First Watch; there is a sign that drink refills are for the large size only (I have ignored that sign as I find it ridiculous that they could actually monitor who refills and doesn't); it gets very very noisy so it is hard to hear the people sitting at your own table; and I think the price is a bit high for a sandwich shop (about $9 for an 8 inch sandwich, chips and a regular soda which apparently I can't refill).Sacks is nice occasionally, but I hate to admit, when I am really craving a sandwich or sub, I usually run to Subway where I can get a meal for almost half the price of Sacks.
I'm pleasantly surprised that La's is still in business... they are usually empty when I come in.  I've ordered mostly take out from La's over that last few months... and I've been extremely happy with quantity, quality, an cost!My latest order was the mixed veggies, add eggplant, light oil, and medium spice - yum!  I also had one order of the fresh summer rolls with shrimp.  Yum!I love both these dishes because they are tasty and light... I will continue to order from La's again and again... I hope that one day on a future visit, they will be packed.  They deserve it!  Craving thai cuisine?  Head over to La's!
I love that they've built up this little corner with some places to get a quick bite.  HDYR is very clean and the staff is friendly.  The have like 4-5 basic rolls to choose from or select your own ingredients.  I'm a very indecisive person so this place isn't good for me- I dont know what the hell I want in a roll so I just ordered a Philly, it was on par with the rolls you can grab at the grocery store deli. Nothing special.
CD was actually a large amount better than I expected it to be.   Driving past it, I thought it was a cooking school for hipsters but once I found out it was actually a restaurant I was intrigued. I had a taste of the soft pretzel & provolone fondue which was awesome, and then for my entree I had the Short Rib Pasta which I wished would never end.   Seriously, I ate slowly so it felt like it lasted longer.  The only star I'm subtracting is for the over-the-top douchy ambiance, it's definitely tailored for a "certain crowd", which is a shame because the food was so good.   I would feel awkward bringing my parents to this restaurant.Its almost like they are trying too hard to try too hard.  Seacrest out.
I have to agree with every word that Michelle G. said...AMAZING only scratches the surface!  My friend and I usually go to another sushi restaurant, but it was closed on Sunday, so I pulled out Phoenix Magazine Best New Restaurants and thankfully we found ShinBay!  The restaurant is tucked away in the Scottsdale Seville, and the atmosphere is very clean lines, modern, fantastic!Our server Meredith, and another server (I'm so sorry I forgot your name) helped us navigate the small menu...when I small, it is not to offend.  I believe a menu should reflect one cuisine and every single item should be able to done to perfection.  In this case, this small menu does not disappoint!  Meredith suggested a wonderful wine, a crisp, fruity Sauv Blanc to go along with our ShinBay tasting menu.  1.  We started with a trio of cold items....Tuna tar tare with pine nuts and avocado (melt in your mouth, the pine nuts added a different spin on the typical tar tare), Halibut sashimi in miso, and a charred Scallop on heirloom tomato with truffle oil, truffle salt, and thinly sliced truffles.  I am normally not a truffle lover, but this knocked my socks off!  Each item was seasoned to perfection and delicious!2.  The hot course was Wagyu  beef served with a Japanese ceramic grill.  It was accompanied by oyster mushrooms, Himalayan sea salt and ShinBay's variation on steak sauce.  This was an interactive course.  The grill is presented sizzling hot, you add a bit of the beef fat to the grill to season it, then you start grillin'!  Cindy and I had a great time preparing everything, and I am sure the expressions on our face were priceless to the staff!3.  The third course was a compilation of fresh nigiri.  You will have to forgive me, I can't remember their exact names...each piece was meant to escalate from lightest tasting to the fattiest.  Again, I don't intend to offend by stating "fattiest".  In this case this was Toro, which literally melted in my mouth!  We actually started with the Toro and went backwards.  Next was shrimp, a "sardine" like fish but less oily, tuna, and then something similar to yellowtail.  Each piece was seasoned again to perfection to enhance the fish.  There was just enough ginger to cleanse your palate after each piece!  No need for wasabi and soy sauce AT ALL!!4.  The final course was a Japanese custard with black sugar cane syrup and fresh fruit.  I love Creme Brulee and this was light and delicious, the perfect ending!On a Sunday night, we were the only patrons, so we chatted with everyone there.  They were all so kind and we had a fantastic time!  You have to forgive me for not remembering everyone's names, but your wine selections were spot on!!Thanks for an amazing Sushi experience!!
I was in the area and decided that I would try this place out for once. Talk about crazy coincidences a middle school classmate works here but I didn't get to tell him that I remembered him from school because he disappeared about the time I left. But yay excitement over that!I saw the $5 August deal here on Yelp, so the first thing that came out of my mouth to my wonderful waiter is that hun, I want whatever it is you have for five bucks. There was more options than just the vegetables and couscous, but I ordered it anyway since I'm on this vegetable binge of mine. And my waiter was so nice to point out that this place has wondeful brunch drink specials, I got a bloody mary (I use to start my days out with these!) for a buck! Holy heck, if I didn't have to drive afterwards, you know I would have been all over that drink special!! And the drink, in its tall and slender glass, was A LOT. I just remember thinking, I've been sipping on this for over an hour, when is it going to go down?! Alas, I finished it, most of those wonderful chips and various salsas (I absolutely loved the Chipotle one), and my veggie dish. OMP, Ticoz made me eat my carrots... and I loved it! Great tasting and very filling lunch, def will have to go here after getting out of the salon, turn it into some form of a ritual. Cuz you kno I gets hungry after gettin' my haurs did...sorry, I didn't just say that, omit omit omit!!!
This is one of the very few chain restaurants I like...Tried this new location on Saturday night (they recently moved into a new bigger building next door). Melting Pot is an adventure in dining, a prolonged multi-hour dinner experience. I love fondue, and The Melting Pot are the masters of fondue!Started with cheese, apples, breads, and veggies with a cheddar cheese and beer concoction. Moved on to lobster, shrimp, steak, pork, and chicken which we cooked in a veggie broth. Finished the meal with a chocolate and peanut butter dip with cheesecake, strawberries, and rice crispy treats.Great service, great food, great wine list, great times!
Just a quick update to note here.  I was at the Hungry Monk last week and had my choice of 12 different IPAs On Tap.  My God Man!  Hop Head Heaven!!!
I've been back many times since I wrote that review, and they continue to get into their groove there and impress. I still find that things are always changing, however. For example, Bonnie and I went for a weekday hh about 5-6 weeks ago and were told there were food specials (half off apps, i think) but no drink specials -- but there was an "all day everyday day" special on one of their top shelf vodkas (which worked out really well for me.)I come back last night pretty early, around 4, and hh had just started: no food discounts, but half off every drink except their sangria and their "house" drinks like specialty martinis and mojitos, etc. Still a great deal, got another top shelf vodka drink for like $3.Service was still great and friendly, and pizza was still delicious!
"it's a celebration bit$*es!" this place is one of my spots!! awesome happy hour and great people. great food!
THEY AUTOMATICALLY ADD GRATUITY, even for small parties.  WATCH OUT!!  I find that to be very LOW CLASS!!  It irks me because I overlooked it and tipped them double one time.  I'm sure that happens often, and that's why they do it.  They should at least inform you of the added gratuity.   Sad thing is,  it USED to be a great restaurant with good, friendly servers.  Don't know what happened to those employees..
I thought I would have a chill evening with the boys. We have been waiting what feels like forever for this place to open! So we were so excited. Hubby's out o'town and we came up here. There was a crush so we decided to place a to-go order. As I was standing, ready and waiting to place my order, they fielded calls from people and took phone orders right in front of me. I could have called from my cell phone while standing there and been ahead of myself? So I end up placing my order and  I left and came back after 40 minutes (couldn't keep my kids calm in there that long) and they don't have my order. Poof. It had disappeared. An employee kept asking me for my phone number even after I told them I  had ordered it in person. I actually had to tell her to stop and listen to what I was saying. Finally the manger comes over and I came up with my receipt. The manager looks at it and keeps saying, "He rang it up wrong. This says delivery." (The person who helped me was female, so I have no idea who he is talking about.) Then the employee who took my order came over as the manager is about to hand me 2 salads. He read the receipt number incorrectly, she informs him I ordered a pizza. Then after a few clicks on the register he said to me, "I put your money back on your card." And he walks off. This paragon of communication says nothing else so I assume it was a dismissal and I head for the door. I had 3 hungry, tired boys and, apparently, I needed to go find food elsewhere. At this point it had been over an hour. I was trying to navigate the stroller out the door as the gal who took my order chased me out and promised to deliver it for free. I was afraid it would taste like sawdust just because I was so angry. Fast forward another half an hour...We get our pizza and I was trying to be objective. It was doughy because it was undercooked and the bottom was positively coated with corn meal so in turn it coated my tongue every time I took a bite. And looking at my bank account today, I see that the expansive loquacious manager did NOT reverse the charge. So I paid to wait almost 2 hours, listen to my kids whine, drive there twice, be ignored by employees, disrespected by  management only to finally be disappointed by the corn meal pizza. The garrulous manager probably refunded those people their salads. I hope they were better than my pizza. :(
I love this place.  The manager and people who work there are very hospitable and the food is consistently delicious.  I don't know how it stays in business because it's always pretty dead whenever I go there (lunch buffet and take-out orders maybe?), but I'm glad it's still around.  One time I had to organize a group dinner and we went to Royal Taj.  Some of the people had never had Indian food before and everyone loved it. Once, I came here with an ex-boyfriend who is Indian, and the manager woman was exceptionally nice to us.  We were debating between two dishes and apparently she told him in Hindi to go with the Tikka Masala because "these people [white people] prefer it."  He said she was trying to help him impress me.  She also gave us a free dessert at the end.  On another occasion, for some reason I ordered a vanilla lemon drop martini, and it didn't exactly come out as I'd hoped.  So I asked if they had vanilla vodka or what they had put in it (nicely of course- I just was trying to figure out how to maybe salvage it somehow), and the guy seriously told me go on up to the bar and make it however I wanted.  I told him no thank you and just kept it as it was, but how many places are THAT accommodating?
We've wanted to try Thai E-San since they opened, and we finally made it down.  The ambiance is very nice.  The music was soothing and appropriate, but the food left something to be desired.  We started with the pork satay.  The pork was very good and perfectly cooked.  But the peanut sauce was bland and chalky.  I couldn't taste the peanut.  For our entre we ordered the Panang; Chicken with carrots in coconut milk and peanut sauce.  Maybe it's just me, but I don't like the spice that makes your food taste like lemon cleaning fluid.  Is it ginger? I don't know really.  But the Panang had a lot of it and that was all I could taste.  The service was good and the other patrons seemed to enjoy their meals, so to be fair, I would have to reserve judgment on Thai E-San until I've tried a few other things on their menu.  The problem is, we really like Thai Lahna and they aren't much further away.
Honestly, I'm not sure what to expect when eating at Hooters. So far, so good, thus, the 5 stars.  But, I do have one minor issue with them, but not enough to downgrade them.Eating here is what I imagined the 70's to be about.  Wood paneling, that weird color orange, and a little bit of tackiness thrown in for good measure.  So far, when eating here, I have had good experiences.  The girls are nice, the place is clean, and service seems to be prompt and efficient.  I usually can be found here during lunch hour only, and so far, those have been my only experiences.  No happy hour, no dinner, no weekend service.My only "complaint" is that I have carried out a few times from this location.  A handful of times, I felt like I have had terribly slow carry out service. Waiting forever for someone to take my order, waiting just as long for food, and feeling "less important" then maybe the dine in patrons.
I came here recently for lunch and thought I had walked in on a dinner theater production, or an episode of Seinfeld.I was standing in line when the owner started yelling at a customer.  At first, I thought they knew each other, but soon I realized it wasn't an act.  To make matters interesting, he then decided not to honor anothers Blimpie card -- because it was stamped from another location: "I get nothing from this!"  "Go away!"  I guess there was no sandwich for him, or soup!During these outbursts, some of the customers walked out in confusion.  I just took my sub and left. In contrast, the employees all seem very nice and friendly.  But, I'll take a pass in the future and skip the drama. Sorry!
The memory of going to a Marriott in NJ for breakfast on a business trip and expensing $15 for what basically amounted to an unimpressive continental breakfast with an equally unimpressive omelet bar had not yet faded when my parents suggested coming to Blue Sage, the main dining room at the Desert Ridge Marriott, for Christmas Day breakfast due to a lack of a large group to justify making a complex meal and most places being closed. Even beyond that, I don't generally think of hotel restaurants as anything besides overpriced and above average at best, so I was... skeptical.Arriving at 11:30, we were presented with a choice between the lunch menu (sandwiches around $14 + a la carte drinks) or the breakfast buffet ($22) since regular breakfast was no longer being served. After looking around at what can be best described as the expanse, we all opted for the latter, despite fears that this might be a breakfast redux of Todai. This feast, which is perhaps an understatement, included:- continental breakfast offerings (scrambled eggs, yogurt, cereal, basic pastries)- made-to-order omelets with an array of fixings from feta to spinach to cilantro to smoked salmon to jalapenos to mild roasted salsa, egg whites available- succulent, flavorful chicken jalapeno sausage (and smoked bacon)- oatmeal with accouterments (brown sugar, pecans, dried fruit, etc.)- cheese blintzes with berry compote and roasted potatoes- better side of average apple cobbler, not overly sweet cinnamon rolls- fresh waffles and pancakes (included and ordered from the server)- myriad fresh fruit (strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, melon, pineapple, etc.)- fresh whipped cream(NB: Combining the last three options can and will be hazardous to your waistline.)- standard morning beverages (coffee, juice, soda)(NB: Despite the habits of a sizable portion of the Yelp community, mimosas, wine, Long Island Iced Teas and/or 151 are NOT standard morning beverages.)This is by far the best as well as largest Christmas breakfast I've ever had. It's also by far the most expensive Christmas breakfast I've ever had, but the quality and variety justified the occasion splurge. If you want your clothes to still fit, be very careful if you are staying at this hotel, especially on an expense account.
Based on my one dinner, I would eat here everyday if I could. I want to try everything! It is a vegan paradise. Now I've never been to Jamaica, so I don't know the "real" deal, but I've been to Caribbean restaurants.We shared the Avocado Plantain Spring Rolls, but I think we could have each finished our own - they were simply that good. The person I went with usually eats "like a bird," barely tastes her food and leaves food over. Not here, unless you consider a vulture a bird. Wow, I've never seen her go for food like this!She ordered the Pop Cho and Sweet Ginger, loved it and finished the entire serving. Didn't care for the cabbage side which she found too peppery. Note that the "sweet potato" that comes with this dish is actually a regular potato prepared sweetly, so adjust your expectation. It's still qute good.  She liked my dish too, but said hers was better (a bit competitive too).I had the Coconut Curry Tofu. It had amazing and unique tastes, Absolutely delicious.Unfortunately, we had no room for dessert. But I have no doubt I'll be back again soon for more!This will soon be part of the pre-theater rotation.
Lee's is one of my favorite "Chandler Gems" and a great place to eat when nothing else sounds good. I love it so much I call it "Mr. Lee's" because a place this good deserves my respect. My usual sandwich is the Asian Vegetable which consists of carrots, daikon radish (I think?), vermicelli (like the fried rice noodles that top a Chinese Chicken Salad), tofu (fried bits?), cilantro, and fresh jalapeno on a wonderful baguette. The flavors and textures are awesome and it's actually pretty light and healthy. If you are not as adventurous as I am, the Euro Sandwiches are AMAZING. You could serve a steaming pile of dog crap on one of their croissants and it would be delicious. Their muffins are really good too. My absolute favorite thing from Lee's also happens to be one of the top 10 best things I've ever put in my mouth. It is called pate choud and I could eat it all day every day. Pate choud consists of a small meatball (chicken or pork) surrounded by layers of the most delectable, buttery, flaky, crispy layers of pastry known to humankind. There are not words that can express the wondrousness of it all....so just try it. You can get a little two biter for 75 cents or a bigger one for $1.50.
Good simple food loaded with flavor. From the cheese crisp to the aioli dipping sauce to the corn which is reminiscent of a great street snack, I dug it all.  When local corn is in season the elote it is just delightful. Love the way it is cut leaving the stalk handle, great presentation for such a casual joint.Cochinita pibil taco is lovely with great depth of flavor not requiring sauce whatsoever, but the squeeze bottle sauces are quite tasty and add another nice dimension. Carne tacos also had great charred caramelized flavor and a nice texture as well.Chased down with a few icy brews, very good indeed. Service is casual and friendly and this spot is also quite a good value. Not your typical hotel chow, but the Clarendon is not your typical hotel either. So happy that this space has finally hit the mark.
If you go for lunch, order the salmon salad! I don't care for anything else on the lunch menu that I have tried.If you go for dinner, order the prime rib! It is HUGE (one other Yelper referred to it being "Flinstone sized") and it's less than $20! The huge slab is covered in a very tasty demi-glaze. For less than $20, you get a very green salad (not iceburg), your choice of potato (I like the cheesy garlic mashed) and a veggie, plus a basket of bread. Your dog will love you as you will likely need a doggy bag, if you are willing to share your leftovers.The atmosphere is relaxing. It is located inside Embassy Suites, so unless the hotel is busy, the restaurant won't be. Great for a Saturday night if you want a good prime rib and want to avoid the crowds.
Where to start?! I used to spend my teenage years working the drive thru. So much fun!! So I know what's in the food, I know how it's made... And that right there should be enough for me to know better than to eat there, or let my kids eat there!! That said, it's cleaner than other Toxic Bells, the drive thru is always busy and they are fast - which is a good sign, because that means the food turn over rate is high. I try to stay away from the mystery meat. It's Taco Bell after all. If I wanted real Mexican, I'd go to Chevys! (lol) anyone who sits and writes out a "real" review, get over it. ;)
This is definitely one of the more interesting places in Queen Creek. Agri-tourism is a growing business, mostly applicable to wineries. People want to visit and see where products are produced and how they are made. The Queen Creek Olive Mill operates very similarly to a winery - it has a nice layout, produces short run presses of specialty blends and holds tastings. The tasting used to be free, but too many people treated it like a buffet, so now it is in the back and part of the $5 tour. In addition to various blends of olive oil, the Olive Mill carries wines, gifts, and some very good pistachios grown by monks in Florence. I love the jalapeo pistachios. I have bought the Bianco blend (which Pizza Bianco uses for their pizza), but my favorite is the chili olive oil - it adds a nice kick to whatever dish you are cooking. The Mill also has an offering of sandwiches and gelato. They pride themselves on using local ingredients - the bread is fresh and local, the meats come from The Pork Shop down the road. A small garden out front grows the herbs and vegetables used in the deli.  In the nice spring afternoons, there is nothing like sitting outside in the mini orchard and enjoying a sandwich in a nice environment. It's not Tuscany, but maybe if you squint you will think so. For me it is just a short 1 mile ride home and does not require passports or airport security body searches.Come see Arizona's only olive mill and take home some bottles of their fine oil.
We have enjoyed The White Chocolate Grill (WCG) many times, both for Happy Hour and for dinner. Our experiences have been universally good.We came here last week after church for Easter Sunday around 2-ish for dinner.  We had made our reservations on Open Table/Yelp and our booth was waiting for us when we arrived.  Actually, the WCG was only half full at the time after a busy brunch, but it was nice having the hostess escort us over to our table by the window.Our water glasses were filled, as we sat looking at our menus.  Heather our server came by giving us the Specials of the day.  The three of us decided to skip the wine list, opting instead for Ice Tea.  It had already been a long day, and any alcohol would have put us to sleep.We started by sharing the Ahi Tuna Salad for $14.95.  WCG normally sears it with a sesame crust which is very good, but today we asked them not to cook it but serve it raw.  There is something about raw ahi tuna, in their champagne vinaigrette that speaks to me.  Today was no different, it was very nicely done.For dinner we order, the End Cut Prime Rib for $24.99, the Baby Back Rib for $21.99, and the Balsamic Rib Eye for $26.89.  Each of us had a bite of the others and we were very happy with our selections.  The Rib Eye was not what you would have expected, in so far as it was not a piece of prime rib without the bone, but instead two small 7' cutlets cooked in a glazed balsamic reduction sauce.  Very nice.   The Baby Backs were as you would expect, as was the End Cut.For dessert, we ordered the Bread Pudding for $7.59 and the house special Silky Chocolate Souffl Cake also $7.59.  We also had some coffee for $2.49 and a Cappuccino for $2.99.In my Yelp Tip, I mentioned the Bread Pudding as being exceptional and it is,  I know on some cooking shows, it looks like just day old bread and a cream sauce of some kind.  But at WCG, the sauce is almost Creme Brulle-ish and it really is out of this world.  The total damage came to $116.00, before tax of $10.79 and tip; which seemed fair for three people.  One of things we like to do is go to a movie at the nearby Harkin's Cine Capri and stop at WCG for dessert afterwards.  We really had a nice time at the WCG on Easter and we will certainly recommend them.Enjoy!
After dining here almost every day of his week-long vacation, The Rob has decided that it is not a grease that comes off some of the burgers, (as previously stated) but a sort of au jus sauce, the contents of which is trying to break down with each visit.  Makes me feel a bit better about the massive amounts of beef, fried potatoes and fried cheese he ingested in such a short time.  Oh, and we are super hooked on the fries now too.  Like, craving hooked.  Good for them, not good for me and my estranged relationship with the elliptical machine.  Sigh.
Kelly's is a fresh addition to Old Town and feels like a bar out of San Francisco or Chicago. Those who visit Kelly's seem to be professionals in the mid-late 20's and 30's so it's not a bar where you'll see lots of people in college. The interior is warm with dark wooden panels and dim lightening. They have a good amount of indoor seating, they have a private room in the back, but the most seating lies on their spacious patio. Their patio is one of the best decks around and offers a great area to sit and enjoy some food and drinks when the weather's nice. I also really enjoyed their drinks which are made fresh with very fresh ingredients. During my recent visit, I ordered a chicken sandwich and french fries. The food is several steps above your typical bar food and offers a nice flavor. All in all, I am a big fan of Kelly's and I think this is a perfect lounge to frequent. However, I personally liked it the most in the early evening. It was one in one out by 10 PM!
I don't know how many Margaritas some of these reviewers HAD becuase these people were ANYTHING but fast!!The dining room wasn't even full and there were 3 servers and yet it took them nearly 30 minutes to take our drink order! I wanted to leave, but my friend wanted to eat there soooo bad so I decided to give it a try. After our food was ordered, it took ANOTHER 30 minutes for the food to hit the table... Our server then brought a round of refils and the check and we didn't see her for the rest of the night! I did enjoy my dinner, the food was better than good. I had menudo, which wasn't anything great. I've had much better menudo on the rez! OH! and they didn't have any cilantro!! I was shocked! so my menudo lacked soul. :( I got a side order of beef  taco which was good. :) I liked it. The salsa is KILLER!! I kept trying to eat it so I'd get used to it... no such luck! But it definatly released the endorphans! And cleared my sinuses... and brought a little water to my eyes! And that says a lot, cuz I can handle a lot of hot food!Over all, I dig the food, the place was very colorful and festive. Which is always a plus. I could do without the mariachi band. oh DUDE! the band almost got into a fight with one of the patrons!! The patron was all drunk and kept requesting songs, and I guess he didn't know it was $3 a song, so they wanted their money, he didn't have any and that's when things got U-G-L-Y!! It was funny cuz the guy was drunk but yeah - it's $3 a song! But yeah, I dig that rough environment. I honestly think it was an isolated incident, overall it was a nice place. I recommend sitting by the window and just enjoy your self while trying to handle the salsa!!
Perhaps it's just me. Perhaps I confuse easily. I mean, I could never even finish a TV Guide crossword. But the layout at Foodbar is a little freakish. ORDER HERE. PAY HERE. It's an upscale cafeteria style, that looks oh so cool and stylish but navigates like a maze and left me feeling like the dorky high school guy who wants to sit with the jocks but ends up with audio visual club. I wasn't quite sure where to go, it's very clean and modern, yet quite cluttered. The curried chicken salad was delicious as was the buttermilk chicken salad. Were they expensive? Well, it's a new Scottsdale restaurant, so yes, and I wasn't surprised. But $8 for a little dish of chicken salad? Hmmm. The parmesan risotto cakes were also good and came with a field green salad. Ham and brie baquette, well, not too inventive and quite dry and hard. The food is delivered to the table. When ours arrived, the server didn't have silverware for us. Oh? We're supposed to get it? Didn't know. Hate that. All in all, it was OK. Worth checking out again. At least now, I might know where to walk, stand and pick up my silverware and the other kids won't make fun of me!
Let me be honest. I'm kind of a snob. Maybe that's a dramatic statement to make, I don't know ... All I can say is I never had an interest in going to the old Willo House, which to me looked like a run-down old shack. OK, there it is! Judge me if you will! I stopped into Hob Nobs on my way to Tucson with a colleague who needed a pick-me-up. Having already had my coffee that morning, I tagged along with the intention of leaving empty-handed. That did not happen.Everything smelled so delicious, and the environment was warm and cozy ... I ordered a chai tea. While the barista made our drinks, my colleague was chit-chatting with someone else who perhaps was the owner, or at least the manager. "Waffles?" she asked me. "Oatmeal?" She had a huge grin and was clearly joking with me. The staff member/owner/manager said, "the oatmeal comes with bananas on top." "Bananas?" I asked. They laughed at me."Well," I said, "If I can take it to go and actually eat it in the car, I'll have some." He made my oatmeal with butter and brown sugar, then topped it with sliced bananas and strawberries. I then added a splurge of half and half. It was the best oatmeal I have ever had.
well, this is certainly not my style of bar, but it's about 500 feet from my apartment, so  i find myself here a lot.i would prob give it only three stars were not for two things: a bike rack out front - total, unexpected score, and TVs in the bathrooms; excess at its finest.it's definitely trying to cater to the more "distinguished" sports fan, and looks like a more contemporary and i hesitate to say, upscale, bar.there is NO beer on tap. ket me repeat, NO BEERS ON TAP.  which i don't understand for a sports bar... no pitchers? weird. they do have about six import/nicer beers in a bottle, like bass and heineken, and i believe fat tire is $3 all the time. the long islands are on special for $3 at HH, and are big and tasty.there is a large, fours-sided bar right in the middle, and lots of tables (both regular height and bar stool height) inside. on the covered patio is a fire pit, pool table and three very large TVs. also inside are two private rooms with their own TVs, couches and tables that can be reserved, i think at no extra charge.service is spotty, and take it that it's because i'm no where near what the young, pretty things that serve it up here are looking for in an ideal customer, so perhaps i don't really warrant as much attention as that group of guys wooping it up while watching the game.i agree the food is definitely overpriced for what it is.
It should have told me something when, during prime bar time on a Saturday night the place had plenty of empty tables.It should have told me something when, those tables were empty right after a sporting event across the street at US Airways CenterIt should have told me something that those tables were empty on a Saturday night, right after a sporting event, AND it was St. Patrick's Day.HUH?  They can't even fill a downtown bar on St. Patrick's Day on a Saturday night after a sporting event next-door?Of course, if I had read the reviews here I wouldn't have tried Tilted Kilt in the first place.The first clue was when one of our group of six, a female, went to the rest room and pronounced it "gross".The second clue was the fact that they didn't quite get the fact that they are supposed to be an Irish pub and this was St. Patrick's Day.The third clue was how they didn't even seem to have a theme, only a very weak imitation of Hooters (I am not a fan of Hooters).Our waitress was actually pretty good.  It was easy for the 6 of us to find a vacant table and she was with us in a few minutes.  She recommended a bomb of a tiny bit of liquor and about 1/8 of a glass of beer.  No wonder she was so enthusiastic about it, they were $17 each (Tilted Kilt does NOT post prices anywhere).We had eaten at the arena so we ordered sweet potato fries.  That was the only food we had so I can't rate anything else on the menu but they were REALLY bad, something dumped out of a frozen food bag.Being a Saturday night, prime time, on St. Patrick's Day do you think there would be some entertainment?  No. Only canned music  Not even a touch of green to mark the day.  Is this place the McDonald's of Hooter lookalike bars?Here is the ultimate insult, though.  One of the drinks I ordered was a Maker's Mark Manhattan.  Now, Maker's Mark is a very premium (and expensive) brand.  Any bar in the world would serve it in a nice glass.  What did Tilted Kilt serve it in?  A tiny plastic dixie cup.  Really?  Really!!!Okay, now I see why there were so few customers and why the reviews here are so bad.  There is absolutely nothing Tilted Kilt offers to even deserve a first visit.
I am sorry but I am reading some of the reviews on this place and I gotta tell you, are you people Nuts!  OK I can totally understand giving 1 star because you walked in and got ignored, however did you walk up and ask for a table. Seems a little weird that three people would just have a staring contest with you. It is possible, but not really probable.  Secondly, people griping about the PRICE.... ARE YOU SMOKING DOPE.... The basic meals here are between 10 and 15 bucks and INCLUDE DRINKS. I read about people bitching about how bland it is.... Of course it's bland its a Family Eatery. They have to keep the basic food bland to suit all clientele. You can certainly request a little more this or that. NO this is not going to be the place to have a formal dinner with your grandmother from Italy. Yes, you will be put out that your dinner was not comparable to Tomaso's  which is a 15-25 dollar a plate spaghetti shop not INCLUDING DRINKS.  The food is on par with Olive Garden though the menu is not as deep. You go to this place when its nice to have a night out, but you don't want to spend 60 bucks on a dinner for two. You go to this place when your a high school kid that wants to take his date out  and go to a movie or shopping over at the fashion square. You go to this place when you want a nice value dinner that includes a great ambiance,  a nice staff, and a fun location for activities afterward.
Meh - not my crowd at all.  The much younger group in the corner was super snotty and mouthy regarding my group of older coworkers (30s - 40s) as they gave us the hairy eyeball when we dared to come in and take the tables near them.  We were just looking for somewhere mellow to grab a bite and have a few drinks, and you would've thought we were there to put an end to all things joyful in the world.The food was mediocre, the drinks were syrupy sweet, and the overall vibe was trashy.  I wouldn't come back.
The R-Bar is just what the Camelback Inn needed. An upscale indoor/outdoor lounge that is comfortable, classy and romantic all at the same time. And the view of the mountains at dusk are lovely as well. Located off the main building where the pool used to be- during the recent renovation, they turned this space into one of my favorite areas at this resort. Nestle down into a comfy couch or chair with a loved one. Sit around one of the two fire pits in cozy chairs listening to the live music that begins each night around 7. Entertain a large party in the pergola. Listen to the many water features trickling and bubbling you into peaceful tranquility. The service is spot on. You can order from the bar menu or if you are looking for a little more- ask for the restaurant menu and they will accommodate that as well. The food is quite good and trust me- during my stay- I think we sampled it all! Plenty of signature drinks, beers and wines to choose from. So the next time you are looking for the perfect way to end or begin your evening in the area, stop into the R-Bar. This is Arizona living at it's finest.
Palatte takes the best of its historic house digs (around the corner from Cibo) and its smart gourmet sensibilities and caters to the brunch-yearning crowd downtown with flying colors.  You'll find a creative menu with such things as griddle cakes, but my favorite grub here is the scrambled egg mish mash with beef sausage.  It was melt in your mouth good, without all the artery clogging butter you'll find at Matt's down the street. The counter-style service here was attentive and quick for a somewhat busy crowd.  I was really impressed with Palatte - it's my new favorite breakfast place now -- up there with Farm at South Mountain.  I'm eager to try it again to see if it warrants a fifth star.
I had a coupon for a free sub from this place (I know, AWESOME!), so stopped by to spend it up. I was immediately greeted by the friendly and engaging guy behind the counter, who kept up a cheerful conversation with me throughout the preparation of my order. Didn't even bat an eye at the coupon. Love that!The sub I ordered was the Turkey provolone. I had it "Mike's Way", and it tasted great. The meat is sliced when you order it. The bread was fresh, with a crispy exterior and a soft interior. Friends who know me know that I refuse to eat at or even enter a Subway because I just can't handle how it smells in there. Completely opposite experience here.Great food, excellent service, clean and convenient location. Yay!
This is the exact place I love to hate. But I can't. I cannot hate you, Lodge. I just can't!In fact, if this place didn't have taxidermied animals (yes, I just made a word up) and antler headpiece things as chandeliers, I would probably be giving this place 5 stars....... I KNOW! I can't believe it either!!My first experience with The Lodge was as Yelp Bachelorette. I was hammered (give me a break; it was the most important day of my life so far) so I didn't think it was fair to review after not really "being there," if you know what I mean.My second experience was last night with THE Bachelor himself, Dallas G. Yet again, the staff was incredibly friendly, quick with the service, and willing to accommodate my vegan, gluten free existence without fault. They have an amazing black bean veggie burger and orgasm inducing sweet potato fries.  DG could learn a thing or two from those fries.Just Kidding. Now, here is the BEST part of all: THREE DOLLAR SKY VODKA DRINKS FOR THE LADIES.You don't need to know the rest.
I seriously thought I was going to cry the day the sign went up: No more tacos. Sorry. This is not a punishment! ~Rito'sBut in reality it doesn't matter because everything else on Rito's menu is so wonderful you won't miss the tacos. My favorite - red burro, enchilada style. Amazing.A couple of things to remember about Rito's:-No inside seating, which makes it difficult in the summer.-No credit cards accepted.-They are always busy, so expect to wait.-No use in calling in an order. Every time I have I have waited anyway.The last time I was there, my lunch companion said "I love Carolina's, but this really is the best Mexican food in town." Even though I am a HUGE Carolina's fan, I have to agree.P.S. Word on the street is they occasionally make tacos. If anyone wants to tip me off on taco day, I would greatly appreciate it!
The atmosphere is nice.  I think both the food and drinks are a little overpriced for what it is but I know the rent down on Mill is marginally insane.  I've never had a wait here and the food comes out fairly quickly.  Occasionally I've had a server disappear for a while but that's the exception, not the rule.My favorite things on the menu are the Crispy Crab Wontons which are served with a strawberry sauce instead of the more traditional sweet and sour, and the Drunken Monkey Flambe - which is somewhere between Bananas Foster and Cheesecake on fire.  They have a wide selection of specialty drinks but none of them really catch my imagination.The food itself is ok, sort of like PF Changs upped their prices but didn't up the quality or presentation of their food.  This is a place I go because I'm meeting people who want to meet there, not necessarily a place I would ever choose.  The sad thing is that it's not because it's godawful.  It's really not bad.  But between the pretentious decor and the mediocre food I always end up feeling slightly let down by the restaurant experience.  It's like dating that person who you can find no real flaws with but somehow you still lack chemistry.Sorry Bamboo Club. It's not you, it's me.
I absolutely LOVE Kiss the Cook. It is the cutest little place for breakfast and I love going here.The quaint little restaurant is decorated with country antiques and most of them are for sale. It reminds me of a place you would find in Prescott.I have had a few things on the menu and have always been delighted. The coffee is a little week, but then again, I start each day with a quad espresso so it may be unfair for me to judge.While you wait for breakfast they bring out a variety of VERY tasty muffins and bread... so, so tasty!!!!Good service and prices. No complaints from me :)
I've been to Nick's a couple of times. The place is always mobbed by couples, groups and families. I don't get it, but I guess I'm in the minority on this one.The bread is outstanding, the service is ok, but nothing to write home about. The Chicken Parmasean is so so. I only finished one of the two pieces of chicken because it was so meh. And the Linguini with Clams was unspectacular as well.
OK so I end up here for lunch only because the place I wanted to go didn't open till 4pm.It's really beautiful inside, there is alot of elements working, chain, leather, iron, wicker, wood, very upscale modern but comfortable too.First off I notice that the menu is a bit different than the one shown on-line, specifically the description for the tortilla soup. Needless to say, I did not get it.We asked a few question and come to find out that none of the entrees are served with rice and beans? WTF!! So you would have to spend $4 for a side of beans and $4 for a side of rice on top of your entree price which is anywhere from $14 and up.I'm all about having a good meal at any cost but that seems absurd.Chips and 3 salsas were served, they were all pretty good, nothing spectacular.(see pics)I ordered the tostada with no meat and the Mr. ordered the fish tacos (see pics)My tostada was really good, I dare say a 5 star tostada. I liked it alot. However  the menu said "chicken tostada $9"  and I was still charged $9 for NO MEAT..........that was pretty uncool.The fish tacos looked pretty, he kept saying they were good, but his face did not tell me the same story and he does not know fish tacos like I do, I tasted the fish.....blech........soooo soooo fishy MY God! and no flavor either, just dredged in flour and flash fried.3 solid stars, not bad ,not extraordinary, not worth rushing back toTo me the Tempe Market place along with this restaurant are very, very touristy. I've got better places to be Thank You Very Much!
We were in town for a cycling race, and found this place through Yelp. What an awesome little place! The food was delicious, and the service was great! I'll certainly come here again if I'm in the area.
Finally got to try Costa Vida tonight and glad we did!  Fresh and flavorful meats and options.  Not a Filibertos but not a real sit-down either.  Some interesting menu items make it different enough to fill the gap and be another good Mexican option in the area!  The Honey Habenero salsa is really quite good too!
I was in the area yesterday wondering what to have for lunch when I remembered that I wanted to try Chestnut Lane, my first trip here they were closed for vacation, so now was my chance. The parking lot is home to many businesses so you will be lucky if you can find a spot, I had to park in the back alley. I couldn't even enter when I walked up to the door due to the large crowed of people who arrived before me. This place is TINY but in the cutest homey kind of way.Finally being able to creep into the doorway I eyed their salad case, which I have to say was the most visually stunning salad case I've ever laid my eyes on. Everything was so beautifully displayed and fresh looking. I knew I would have a hard time making up my mind. The girl at the counter was very friendly and helpful, she even offered me a tasting of one of the new salads they just brought out to see if I liked it. In the end I decided on the Chestnut Lane Chopped Salad (see pics) which was grilled natural chicken breast, corn, local tomatoes, cucumber, avocado, feta cheese, pumpkin seeds and chopped greens tossed with a balsamic vinaigrette. My initial thought was how small it seemed for $12 but once I started eating it I was really pleased, it was just Delicious! Every bite was full of flavor without being too heavily dressed and it even filled me up, although my inner pig would have liked to eat twice as much! If I ever had my own little cafe it would be a lot like this, I cant wait to return to try more!
I've been to Lolo's numerous times. I prefer the south side location as it feels more authentic but don't me wrong... this location is much appreciated, as well. It's more convenient for me since it's closer to home, very close to my work and they stay open later, especially on Fridays when they stay open until midnight.You can't really go wrong with anything here. I usually stick to the chicken and waffles. Get some gravy on the side for smothering your chicken, yummy. Their catfish is good, too. It has a cornmeal batter. For sides, their mac and cheese, greens and home fries are my favorites.  For drinks, I love their sweet tea. They also have a lot of variety of Kool Aids for those of you who like that. This location is larger and nicer given that it's a newer location. Service is always friendly. Prices are on par for what you get. I'm originally from LA and I'll admit, It's better than Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles!
Some friends of ours were looking to have pizza at a place that offered a gluten-free option.  A quick search on Yelp revealed Picazzo's and we were off and running.I'll get to the brass tax on this one.  The pizza was very good and fresh--no complaints about taste.  The restaurant was cool and had a nice ambiance.  The place was so loud, however, that I had a hard time hearing people talk at my own table.  Service was moderately attentive, but there were times when we were waiting much too long for drink refills--the place was busy, mind you, but the pauses were noticeable.It comes down to this--do you want to pay $25 for a 14" pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and mushrooms?  I usually don't.  I can go to Pizza Slices in Mesa (formerly 99 Cent Pizza Place), and trade in the hipster ambiance for two yummy 18" pies for $20.  The gluten-free pizzas were apparently quite good, and some of our other guests liked the pasta plates they got.  In this case, if you want the dining experience, options, and atmosphere, Picazzo's will give it to you--you're just going to have to pay a bit more.Three and a half stars on this one.  Yes, I'd go back, but it would have to be for a special occasion with friends and/or family.  If I've got a pizza jones, this is not the place where I would satisfy it--I want more bang for my buck if I'm looking to chow down on a pie.
New owners took over this place a little over a week ago and they know what customer service is all about..it's refreshing to stop in and find the owner mingling with their customers and making sure they are enjoying themselves and asking for suggestions on how to make the place a better experience.The food is amazing,especially the wings..If you haven't been there lately it deserves another look, with the new owners you will be pleasantly surprised!
I'm a gluten-free vegan; can my life get any worse?I kid. It's a conscious choice. Well, mostly. You see, I have this terrible thing called "food allergies." Among my allergies, gluten, egg whites, and casein (found in all dairy products). Being that I am a vegetarian, it is only logical for me to make the step to becoming vegan unless I want a lifetime of stomach aches and respiratory hell.  I have always come to Whole Foods for their wide variety of vegetarian options and the awesome salad bar, but now that I have found they have a section devoted to gluten free living and have a plethora of vegan options, I am absolutely in love.This lifestyle certainly isn't what one would call fun, but fortunately there are places like Whole Foods that help make my life just a little bit easier and cater to people with discriminating tastes or high maintenance eating requirements. Five Stars!
Tea Infusion's located next to Mojo Yogurt in Tempe Marketplace. It's no surprise to learn that the menu is predominantly tea.  There are many varieties to choose from: black, oolong, green, flavored teas, and chai (to name a few).  I strolled in one Saturday night to satiate my craving for a chai tea latte.  My hopes were shot down when I was told they ran out of the mix for chai.  How does a tea place run out of chai?!  I took a menu to a table and debated which alternate would be a close match.  I decided to ask another employee if they could make the chai tea without milk.  Yes, it was possible.  No chai, my ass.  The tea was pretty good, but it was incredibly hot.  I'm no tea connoisseur , but I thought that tea should be steeped in water that isn't scalding so that the full flavor of the leaves could steep.  Maybe that was why it wasn't as flavorful as I'd expected. If you're in the mood for a bite, there are also a few sandwiches and salads.  I have yet to taste them.  There weren't many places to sit so I decided to grab a chair outside by the fireplace.  If you're in the mood, I recommend strolling around Barnes and Noble with your tea.  Then again, there's a Starbucks within that store that never runs out of chai mix.
I was disappointed with Chick, particularly because I live in the Arcadia neighborhood and I love food. I had a to go order placed on Sunday and was quite surprised that I couldn't even eat most of the food. The food was not good.Mashed potato bar: potatoes were pureed and required a spoon to eat. Chicken: average and not something to write home about. Dryer than I would have liked.Quinoa: bitter. Usually quinoa, lemon, and spinach are a no brainer for me, but this was inedible.The decor, however, was fabulous and the customer service was great. I hope that whoever ladled the potatoes into the to go box gets his shit together and the food makes a vast improvement.
I really, really wanted to love Bacon...but...it just wasn't the whole hog for me.First of all, you can't fault the dcor. The interior is fresh and fun, and thankfully it lacks the typical grandma's-kitchen-circa-1955 look that so many breakfast joints seem to love. The look is clean and modern, with a farmhouse edge that works perfectly. 4 stars for ambiance.The service, unfortunately, wasn't quite so fresh and fun. Here's where the disappointment starts. I had to ask for a cup of coffee three times - there were only a few tables when I was there, so no excuse for not remembering. The third time, the server told me that he had told his bus boy to get it already, but that he would go ahead and make the coffee for us...thanks, I think? One of my biggest pet peeves with customer service is making an excuse when something doesn't go correctly. If the guy had just said that he had spaced out, I wouldn't be writing this at all. Don't blame your bus boy because you're too busy flirting with the hostess to pour a cup of coffee. Next, the food. It's just okay. Off the bat, I felt that the menu was pretty limited. Presenting guests with a smorgasbord of options isn't necessary, but Bacon's menu is short and stingy, in my view. I ordered the yogi omelette, which includes egg whites, mushrooms and broccoli. I wasn't expecting much out of a cheese-free option, so no complaints about my own food. The veggies were fresh and I actually liked the cottage cheese and salsa side dish. My friend ordered the BLT and it was fine but, again, nothing to write home about. The potatoes that were served with the BLT were SUPER salty and tasted like they were coated in butter. I love butter and salt, but this was over the top. The meal was okay at best, nothing extraordinary. I was left wanting more, and wishing that we had just gone to a reliable standby, rather than venturing out of our way to Bacon.
I've heard lots of good things about Luci's over the past few years, and had it on my mental checklist of places to go and check out here in the valley of unique and cool places.  A few months back, they were on Channel 3 during their Saturday morning broadcasts.Parking here's a bit limited, but not bad.  I imagine if you were to come here on a busy week night it might be different, but overall not bad.  I walked in and really liked what I saw.  Cute setup, with a little bit of this and a little bit of that. Healthy without the feeling of eating or being sold bark instead of real food.I initially wanted dinner, but decided on a bagel with cream cheese instead.  Here's where they loose a star.  ok, so on their menu, they have a bagel, cream cheese and lox combo for $6.99.  It comes with the onions, capers, tomato's and everything else that normally goes with a plate like this.  Well, I told the girl that I just wanted something lite, and if I could get a bagel with lox and cream cheese only.  She told me it was $8.99?  um, Can't you sell me the $6.99 bagel lox n cream cheese thing and leave the capers out of it? Why the extra $2?  Maybe I misheard...but if I didn't, that's kind of weird!  Why wouldn't she just sell me the $6.99 one?Anyways, I ended up going with just a bagel and cream cheese with lemon water.  Bagel was great, and the cream cheese with whipped and appeared to be made in house!  They also serve breakfast all day, which I thought was awesome!  Totally my gig, as I sometimes like to mix it up and have breakfast for dinner on the weekends.  Place is wonderfully decorated, staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  Bathrooms are pretty cool and clean for the most part.  I will say, I absolutely love how this place is decorated.  Totally my style.
This place just opened and is located behind Gangplank (where I work a lot) and Yoli's brought in some breakfast samples for us to try out - good stuff btw!A handful of us (12) decided to go over for lunch and check it out.Location is somewhat hidden in the little market just west of Arizona Ave and north and between of Frye and Chicago St.  Nice little older house looking place, with a nice patio that's shaded and enclosed in the little market area.  Inside is all redone and very clean with new tables and chairs. They do take debit and have a soda machine for refills.Food is very homemade American cafe/deli style with good burgers. Currently since they just opened they don't have menus other than large notecards with today's menu, which works well actually. Had about 10 different choices... I went with the turkey bacon sandwich w/ American cheese on sourdough. Very good no complaints at all. It did take a little bit since we slammed them with 12 people right away on their first day but they held in and everything came out within a reasonable time and with no mistakes at all even with all the custom orders w/ the burgers we had.They use little baskets for the food and have metal silverware. OOOH and pickles... crisp too, not soggy and floppy :)I had some time to talk to the two owners and they're very nice and personable and were more than happy we showed up even though we swamped them a bit. Very nice ladies and without a doubt I and the rest of us at Gangplank will return frequently.I say get down here and try it out.
This restaurant is a vegetarian's fondest dream - and I am no exception.  The service is friendly and personable, and best of all, quick!This is my favorite place to meet up with my girlfriends and spend a couple of hours chatting.  The hummus is good, if a smidge spicy. The tofu is fantastic.  Go there.  Eat some good food.  You won't miss meat at all.
Slathered in sunscreen and equipped with a water bottle and sketchbook, I ventured out to the Old Town Farmer's Market to experience one of my favorite summer traditions.  Luckily, I attended one of the last outdoor markets before transitioning inside for the scorching summer.  Located on the southwest corner of Brown Avenue and First Street, the venue is easily accessible and provides an ideal place for locals and tourists to mingle with regional business owners and popular restaurateurs. Come hungry and open-minded:  every merchant doles out generous samples of their product (with the exception of the organic produce stand), tempting potential buyers to hand over the cash.  I enjoy visiting each week to sample popular dishes from the ever-changing lineup of restaurants. For those looking for a meal, food stands and local restaurants also set up shop.  My senses were tempted by the colorful tuna tartar nachos and smoky beef tenderloin kebabs from the folks at Eddie's House; I contemplated spending my "happy calories" (those reserved for high-cal splurges) on a cheesy, crispy green chili cheddar chicken melt at the Orange Table stand.   Customers continue to come back each week to sample popular dishes from the ever-changing lineup of restaurants.The majority of the organic produce is cheaper elsewhere, prompting the need for some detective work at natural foods stores like Whole Foods, Sprouts and Sunflower Market prior to making a purchase.  Splurge on items that are unique to the market:  rare mushrooms, specialty olive oils, uniquely flavored jams and jellies, and the like.   Visitors are bound to find something that they simply can't live without; whether with the family, significant other, or arriving solo, the market has something for everyone.
This place was really good and very affordable. I love that I can make my own roll because I am super picky and they have lots choices too. The place was very clean and service was friendly and fast. I will be back here for sure when I have a craving for sushi.
Oh Lenny, you're so smart. You probably have a 4 million dollar chateau on Camelback Mountain because of this place. Its an -effing GOLDMINE!Your basic sloppy-but delicious burger joint. 50s garb on the walls. It looks like its wrapped in tin foil. Great spot for lunch. I think it's outstanding because I just happened to "forget my wallet" and someone "got me." Also too, (haha).... it's busy, busy. A great buzz inside of happiness. In addition of the record breaking 2 minute wait for your magical feast during lunch hour its hella cheap son.Grab plenty of napkins. Yes, you will be making a mess. Then, make friends with people around you. Seating and space is minimal. You may be sitting on the IT guy's lap.
never in my life have i been so happy to dine and dash before. i won't give a time it happened, nor will i ever return, so i honestly don't fear retribution.but after waiting 30 minutes between drinks, and then never saw the waitress again i was so fed up with this place i just walked the fuck out. if they don't care enough about the customers to at least make their rounds every 5-10 minutes to see if we are happy. then they certainly don't care about my money. which by the way i would have been happy to give them. the drinks were good. but i was sober before the next one arrived. unless they are freezing the ice cubes to order, there is no reason for a delay. I'm not going to cause a fuss and complain to the manager. I'm sure the wait on a manager would have been just as bad as the service. so kick rocks. I'm out.from my experience, i really don't think this establishment deserves more then 1 star. i would give 0 if it was possible.
Cheba hut kicks ass for many reasons but most important is the sandwiches. They havegood and creative sandwiches on the menu you wont find at your average sanwich shop. I have not had a bad sub yet and I have been going to cheba hut for about 7 years. The theme of the place is all about marijuana and all the sandwiches are named after different strains of weed. Everyone working here is very lax ( i wonder why) and all is very friendly. The get very busy for lunch but its worth it. These sandwiches are toasted to perfection.  They also have brownies, giant rice -crispy treats, and great potatoe salad. If you dont partake in the erb smokin dont let that stop you from eating here. Everything is delicious.
Since breakfast isn't my favorite meal to eat out (I like to eat as soon as I get up...breakfast is yummy just rolled out of bed), I had not tried, but  only been hearing raves about Matt's Big Breakfast for literally about a year, so I knew it had to be good...good enough to try breaking my fast outside my own kitchen.Luckily it wasn't too crowded (as I'd heard it might be).  We were seated at a window counter, but then moved once our food came to a little table by the door.  The staff was ultimately accommodating to the best experience for us. The food was beyond delicious.  Egg salad sandwich with chips (I told you I wasn't a huge breakfast-out person), a waffle, and potatoes, and chocolate milk.  It was all SO delicious!  And SO MUCH!  We were able to take most of the sandwich home for later.  By the way, the break was AMAZING...just amazing.My favorite thing I think (besides the food) was how friendly everyone was--from the staff to the customers.  It also was cool because since Matt's is small (but not too small), you wind up talking to the people around you.  Three tables joined in our conversation to complain about State Senator Russel Pearce, who led the slaughter of AZ's education budgets particularly in Spring 2009...but that's a different story...I need to go back to Matt's soon--it was a great time.
What a pleasant surprise this was.  We had ventured to this part of Tempe to finally visit The Crepe Bar, but sadly it was closed for the holidays - so this was the closest joint with solid reviews & we went for it.  Instantly wary when you're the only couple dining in a new place, but it was the day after Christmas - and an odd time, so we didn't think too much of it.Here are a few tips:MUST.GET.GARLIC.KNOTS!  I've had too many greasy bread-sticks in my day, this was nothing like that - and came with a nice cup o' marinara to dip them in.  Also, get the baked ziti - it's a cheese-splosion.  Fresh mozzarella, ricotta and delicious baked goodness.  We also got the veal parmigiano - which was just spot on.  Great service, reasonable prices, and shockingly authentic and fresh... we will be back for sure!
Al's Beef in Chicago was never one of my regular places that I ventured to to grab an Italian beef. There are so many other small "ma & pa" places that I pretty much passed Al's up. That being said, I at least got to try it in Scottsdale!I ordered a sausage and beef combo with hot giardiniera and some fries. The fries were decent - crispy and salty. The giardiniera was great, and definitely looked and tasted like it was taken out of a big pot in back rather than a big jar from a wholesale store. The beef was also tasty and definitely seemed like it had been marinating in its juices for a couple hours. Everything was pretty good until the sausage. The sausage was an alright link, but it wasn't hot; it was cooling off. From "order up" to table to mouth is all it took, seemingly. I really like my hot sandwiches piping hot, especially when that sandwich is an Italian beef (hybrid). Shite happens unfortunately though, and at least the flavors were pretty good. I'd give Al's another go. It passes, but didn't win me over.
New location at Metrocenter mall, just like iain B. said....this area needs a stimulus in a bad way.  It is close to my office as well so I am happy to have this location nearby.  The burgers here are consistently great for the value.  I actually crave the consistent flavor of the special sauce, I tried the double burger yesterday but I have to say that the single patty isn't much meat but it is a perfect amount because it tastes great and of course I am consuming less red meat....which my wife tells me I have a problem, ha ha.  Anyway, great food, great service, great value ($5 combo meal), and now close to work.  Yippee!
Great prices and great food! Loved the menu selections and the small plates that allowed us to try many different plates. The chili and mac and cheese was amazing! Really enjoyed the service and happy hour menu was awesome as well. Cool ambiance and the service was great as well. Their drink selection is quite different as well which was awesome to get a little different tastes throughout the meal. Would go here much more often if I lived closer!
Had heard a lot of great things about this place, so the hubby and I decided to try it for Valentine's Day this year.  Not sure what happened in the communication, but I am sure that we won't be going back.To start out with, I was upset about the FLYING COCKROACH that crawled out of my salad.  I had to flag down three waiters to remove the item from my table.  No one wanted to help until I actually found my own waiter.  They replace the chopped salad with a new one, which was mediocre at best.  After the salad and before the entree, ANOTHER COCKROACH walked off of our table, which is when I yelled for help.  The owner came by and made a joke of it; there was no apology.  In retrospect, I should have walked out.  Perhaps I'll just call the Department of Health?
Hang on...gotta wipe the cheese off my chin.  Oh, crap, the enchilada sauce is on my keyboard.Cheese crisp with Guacamole.  Two cheese enchiladas, one for tomorrow.There's a mess.  Everywhere.  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhyessssssssssss!
Christmas really isn't my holiday...it's more for the Beautiful Carin, and I try my very best to play along and do what I should to make the holiday "joyful"...not my strong suit:)This Christmas is no different than 30 or 40 others that preceded it...it's the end of the year and that always bring its own peculiar brand of "troubles".Today, I had to visit with one of my attorney's (I know, pathetic)...some trouble with some partners in a business relationship and I am trying to figure out what the best course of action is...this attorney is my Doberman...he will chase people to the bowels of hell and bring them back screaming to be returned to Satan's loving grasp...if the compensation is right:)I don't Yelp him, because frankly, he scares me...a little bit:)I was bemoaning the holiday season to him during our session today (believe it or not our "chit chat" is quite brief at $425 per hour), and his legal advice was that I "sack up" and get over it:)To reinforce that, he took me to lunch (I must look like I'm going to be a gold mine to him!) at Scott's Generations:)That did indeed put a smile on my face and prepared me adequately for my next meeting this afternoon.I love deli...I get to NYC 2-3 times a year, and consequently I don't think very much of the deli's here in town...overpriced, under-sized...less than we should expect:(Even Goldman's, who's been good for several years, has fallen sharply over the past year.Scott's could change my perception of the deli landscape in PHX.I had a hot corned beef on rye that was as tasty as anything I've found in Phoenix...and it was huge...a restricted flight softball of hot, moist corned beef, between two thick slices of rye (from Karshes, next door, with plenty of caraway seeds:)Four salt brine pickle spears, and cole slaw, accompanied this behemoth:)I couldn't leave well enough alone and ordered a side of crinkle cut fries to "make the season bright":)$11.00 US money for the whole deal (no extra charge for "extra lean":)Everything was well made, tasty and nicely presented by the sweet ladies that serve the all the customers...I mean 20-25% tip service by these sweethearts:)I waddled out, with my mood adjusted back to "non-grinchy" (I'm sure this lunch will appear on the bill from my attorney, at some point...I just choose not to think about it right now:)I didn't even have room for a Black and White cookie from Karshes, after lunch...that's packing in the corned beef!While Scott's Generations is not, strictly (or even un-strictly) speaking "kosher", it is definitely in  the traditional "New York Style":)No, I would not claim it's as good as anything in Manhattan...but I gotta tell you, it's as good as a lot of neighborhood deli's in Manhattan...and easily the best of breed for PHX.
I've gotta go with A-OK on this one. Not quite ready to commit to being "a fan," yet. To me, being "a fan" would mean I would be willing to drive from North Central Phoenix all the way downtown, devil-may-care style on a work day, to wait in line and put up with the slamming of the metal door every time a customer's lunch order was fulfilled. (That's not a complaint, mind you. It was cool. All part of the charm.)You see, dinner is not an option. They're only open until 4. That said, I obeyed Robert M.'s instructions and ordered a green chile burrito, enchilada style with a side of beans. The beans were runny but good for dipping my bites of burrito. The sauce that made it  "enchilada style" had a good heat. I was pleased. It was "A-OK." I'd go back. Just probably not devil-may-care on a work day.
Cien Agaves is a great addition to downtown Scottsdale -- and it provides a fun, relaxed atmosphere into the mix of places that either seem to be a) dive-y and dumpy or b) snotty and superficial. Cien Agaves has a cool, open building and has some neat art hanging on the walls.The margaritas I had here were head and shoulders above the ones I've had at nearly every other Valley establishment (especially at places like Dos Gringos or Salty Senorita). I came here after work with friends and we ordered a house margarita for $4 (happy hour special). It had a lot of ice in it, but tasted really fresh and packed a punch.Then I tried one of their more expensive prickly pear margaritas -- yum! Delicious, without being cloyingly sweet.We didn't get any food, but the chips were great and the two salsas included a pico de gallo and a really amazing green salsa that included tomatillos and, I think, cumin. Great!The only downside was the service. Our waiter was really nice, but the poor guy seemed completely overworked -- I think they only had one waiter for the entire restaurant and patio. If they hired another one or two servers, the experience would be more enjoyable AND they'd probably move a lot more margaritas! But I definitely plan on coming back here and seeing if maybe that aspect was just an off-night for them.Try the patio if you can -- it's lovely and it gets you away from the rather loud music that could be playing inside.
Monday Timeline:150p eat lunch at office deli.  chili dog with onions.  bad idea.200p mouth tastes like crap.  drink water.205p defcon 5 with this breath thing.  more water210p decide i want something sweet and delicious to rid myself of this oral stench230p i decide on yogurtland! they have this delicious raspberry yogurt and cheesecake bits! perfection!235p convince dallas g of the wisdom of yogurtland255p we get to yogurtland.  dallas inexplicably wants to park in the sun, not the shade257p no raspberry yogurt.  no cheesecake bits.  no non-dairy yogurt for dallas, that daft vegan258p leaving yogurtland, willing to reinvestigate this Mojo Yogurt prospect307p a parking meter with 13 minutes left on it!308p in Mojo.  depressed because they have no cheesecake but they do have Martina, a very charming employee.  Martina convinces manager to order cheesecake bits.310p i try the latte yogurt. crap311p i try the chocolate.  crap312p last chance: cookie monster yogurt--aaaah!  now we're talking!314p and what do i see here but cocoa pebbles! MMMMMojo!315p dallas pays FTW!!322p we're done with our yogurt327p aaaarrrrrrrggggh chili dog taste returns!  my plans are foiled!charming, yes.  selection, no. cocoa pebbles, yes. martina, yes. being there for me when I was in a vulnerable place, yes.  four stars
I wish I could give this place 0 stars.  My god, the server really ruined a fun night out for my group.  A large group of friends and I decided to meet here to celebrate two birthdays and watch the ASU game.  By the time I arrived there were probably about 15 to 20 people.  I sat at a table and when the server arrived I asked for a beer and to start a tab with just my boyfriend and I.  IMMEDIATLY the server coughed up an attitude and said everyone was on one tab, sorry.  Since I had just arrived I didnt see a reason why I shoudnt be allowed to start my own tab, so she let me, but not without a couple snarky comments to our table.  My friends let me know that she had been rude from the very beginning, when there was only 4 people to start with.  Anytime she came by the table (which wasnt all that frequently) a couple people were ready for another round.  People would start ordering and she would huff and puff and complain that things were getting just too darn complicated.  Perhaps she could remember things easier if she would have written our order down.  Now let me just say that I can understand a servers frustration with big groups.  I work at a bar myself and things can get complicated.  Perhaps if she reads this review she'll learn that most people want seperate checks, and its just easier to assume that from the beginning to keep things clear.  Also someone commented that she was the only server on the patio.  SHAME ON THE MANAGEMENT for having one server serve a busy patio on a saturday night; not to mention the fight and ASU game were on to make it even busier.Remember that SEPERATE tab I started with my card for my boyfriend and I?  Well it turns out she just decided to throw a bunch of our beers onto the other tab because she couldnt keep things straight.....again, writing things down would really have helped out.  I don't know if the server was new or what, but she was disorganized and incredibly rude.  I couldnt believe how much attitude she was giving us...isn't a large tab a good thing?  I've never before had a server who literally rolled her eyes and walked away from patrons who were looking to spend money!!! UNBELIEVABLE.  WORST SERVICE EVER.
This family ROCKS the fry bread!I love going to the Food Truck Friday's downtown PHX cause they always have a great variety of food trucks.Today I wanted to try something different, fry bread.  Mmmm  Seriously, I've never had fry bread before.  And when you walk up to this place, they put out their dishes for you to look at them and for you to decide on what you want.  Love it!I went for the "Jazzy".  This is your fry bread with whole pinto beans, carne asada, mango&cucumber salsa, fresh greens and a lime wedge all drizzled with a special sauce.  I found it to be tasty, a hint of spiciness, fresh, and fulfilling.They have many different styles to choose from like folding the fry bread like a burrito or chimi.  Prices are very affordable and they have large portions.  Great for lunch!So I say to this family, go fourth and share your goodness of fry bread to everyone!
I am so in love with this place that words cannot do it justice. I've taken every out-of-town guest here, and they've all loved it. Tableside guacamole with pomegranate seeds: inspired. Seafood enchiladas: divine. You will probably have to wait, but it will be so worth it.
4.5 Stars!Great place for a first time date or a night out with friends!Happy hour menu is amazing, food is always good, staff mostly friendly but give them a passing B ;)Best part is RA's location, great for a walk after wards if you're on your first date.
Perusing the menu of this upscale Mexican restaurant in the Scottsdale Quarter I was initially impressed by the variety and selection of ingredients. I was then highly amused when I read the description around the ceviche indicating it was made with fresh sashimi grade "local fish". We live in the desert. A big one. If they are using fresh "local" fish it would have to be from Tempe Town Lake or the Arizona Canal. And I dunno about you, but I ain't eating that - cooked even. I did find out later the company originates out of California and it appears they just reprinted the menus and/or got a bulk deal and didn't update it for the Scottsdale location. Detail oriented. The menu does offer lots of hearty brunch options and a wide variety of 'specialty' tacos. The waitress initially brought out some large corn chip type things, dusted with paprika and several accoutrements. I don't eat corn, but tried a couple of the items that came along with the chips (because for some reason she really talked this stuff up, like as in one of those awkward "why is my waitress still talking" kind of talked it up. There was nothing worth having talked my ear off about. Anyway, when she stopped talking, she walked away, without taking a drink order. When I did finally see her again, I ordered a mimosa, which showed up quite some time later. The bar was dead and the restaurant wasn't that full, so I am not really sure what could take so long about putting orange juice and bubbly wine in a glass. I can forgive a lot if someone keeps my cocktail full; this continued to be a challenge throughout lunch. When the gal came back to ask for our orders and whether we had questions, I had two. One, are the tacos all on corn, or can they be made on flour; and, which items on the menu have a little bit of a kick or heat to them. The first question was responded to with, "No. Traditionally Mexican tacos are made on corn tortillas," which was put to me in the same tone of voice my mother uses when she can't believe what just came out of my mouth. BEGIN RANT: "Traditionally" not ALL tacos are made on corn tortillas. In Oaxaca, in Central Mexico, yes, but in Sonora or down the Baja the locals very often utilize flour tortillas. This place professes to be all about Baja style food and in all my times up and down in the region I have actually never had one Mexican, in a restaurant, in a road side stand or otherwise, tell me they couldn't make whatever I asked for on a flour tortilla. Anyway, a simple "No, I'm sorry, we don't use flour tortillas," or "No. But let me suggest..." would have sufficed, rather than providing me with a snotty response as to why this "authentic Mexican cantina" located in one of the most affluent shopping centers in all of Scottsdale, without one non-white person to be seen, can't be bothered with catering to the masses. I am pretty sure 98% of my annoyance here was in the delivery. If you don't like being nice to people, you probably shouldn't be working for tips. END RANT.My next question, as to whether any items on the menu had green chiles or any heat behind them and the waitress pointed out a taco (see above) I had already indicated I wasn't interested in and then reminded me about the weak sauce on the table that had come out with the much hyped corn ships. I asked her again later if they had anything hotter (yes I am one of those people) and she mumbled something and pointed to this stuff on the table AND WALKED AWAY, again without offering another option or suggestion.I gave up on the Mexican food and ordered a crab cakes benedict off the brunch menu. The good news here is that the crab cakes were amazing, and the eggs cooked perfectly. And you know, authentic Mexican restaurants are known for their crab cakes benedict. They pair this (I guess to Mexican it up) with refried black beans, but they made absolutely no sense with the dish as a whole, and weren't very flavorful. I left them on the plate virtually untouched, along with the (very Mexican) fried bacon laid on top of them. My lunch date ordered a couple of the $7-8 individual tacos. He was happy and they had good flavor and nice elements. So that's all swell. I just don't get the price. I have no problem with expense, if the purchase is worth it. I think my breakfast was $18, but for crab cakes benedict, which is on par with what I would expect. I realize most of this review has to do with service, but overall our waitress was not only unprofessional and not helpful, but she was kind of rude. Maybe she should spend a little time working in an actual "authentic" Mexican cantina, where they would expect that she provide better customer service for a $1 taco than we received here for a $60 lunch.
This place caused me to insult my family.  I actually said to someone after lunch, "coming here makes me angry to have grown up eating white bread and hotdish".  I mean seriously, didn't anyone know how to use spices?  Anyway, I love my family, despite of that, and I love this place too.  I dated a girl from Baghdad in my college days and she introduced me to a whole new culture of food, and for that I will always be appreciative.  When things went south, my love for this type of food never faded.  Al-Hana is a gem, in a horrendous part of town, but it's worth seeking out.  I'm usually long-winded in my descriptions, but really I love everything I've eaten here.  Not one single complaint.  The beef shawarma and kafta kebab are my favorites.  Beware browsing the surround aisles of Baiz...there's too many things you'll want to buy.  $7.99 for a liter of grapeseed oil, are you effing kidding me?  Turn down the music, wear neutral colors, and chow down on dirt cheap, awesome food.  Enjoy.
Many people don't know it, but even though Barro's is a chain you'll see in various locations, it's a LOCAL chain, family owned and operated.They established here in Phoenix circa 1984 (i think it was) and have grown and expanded all over AZ quite successfully ever since.The best pizza in town, even if service is a little inconsistent.
The Original Twangy Tart that made my heart go Buck Wild ............... Yeah, that was the Original Location also....... This new one, not so much as a pitter patter. They were having a Grand Opening special, all orders 50% off so that was cool. It's Very Small and you Serve Yourself now, too bad the fruit wasn't looking very fresh. The Twangy Tart was anything but. Seriously it just tasted like plain milk, no twang. The Creamy Blueberry, not so creamy but very tarty, almost in a pixie stix kinda away, actually that's exactly what it tasted like. Sadly I don't think I'd come here again given the other options I have for frozen yogurt. Sorry Ice Tango.
The City of Angles, Los Angles, has to be one of my favorite foodie destinations. Pretty much every food trend over the past 5 years or so has its epicenter in LA. From Korean style frozen yogurt to cupcakes and now food trucks, the people of LA know a good thing when they taste it. While all of these trends have some how made their way to the Valley of the Sun, there's one thing that I've never been able to find here, garlic sauce like the one that's served at the LA institution Zankou Chicken.  If you've heard of Zankou and its amazing Lebanese chicken and tangy fluffy garlic sauce you know exactly what I mean when I say it's ethereal. For those who've never tried it either pack an overnight bag and head to LA or drive down to 20th Street and Van Buren to Al-Hana inside of Baiz market, its the closest thing to Zankou Chicken in Phoenix and its close location makes it even better.The area located around Baiz Market might seem a little rough around the edges but the market itself is clean, well lit and packed with all sorts of interesting Middle Eastern grocery items from dairy and fresh produce to meat and hookah paraphernalia. Tucked in the corner of the market is Al-Hana, a postage stamp sized restaurant specializing in, you guessed it Middle Eastern cooking. While the offerings might seem typical the flavors are bold and shouldn't be missed. The creamy roasted eggplant dip Babaghannuj ($4.49) had a smokiness usually not found in many other places. Al-Hana leaves their version thick and chunky with just the right amount of olive oil drizzled over the top. Ordering the Falafel Plate ($5.99) will get you 6 deep fried cumin scented pucks of ground chickpeas and fava beans. Pile a couple of these onto a freshly baked pita, slather with tahini and enjoy the crunch. Id also highly recommend the Labneh Pie ($2.99) which is filled with labneh, a Lebanese cream cheese, onions and tomatoes all baked in a light tender crust. The main dish for me was of course the Whole Roasted Chicken ($9.99). It comes with pita, pickles and garlic sauce. The chicken itself is so well seasoned and juicy it would seem like a crime to adorn it with anything until you get some garlic sauce on it. The texture is light and fluffy, almost like a garlicky mayonnaise. After one taste you might ask them for another container, seriously delicious. After a wonderful meal you'd think there wouldn't be enough room left for desert, but my rule is there's always room. With that I sauntered to the back of Baiz Market where their in store bakery is located, most of the case filled delights are around $2 each including a flaky syrup soaked baklava. While I love LA, knowing that I don't have to drive 300 miles to get my garlic sauce fix makes the drive across town all the tastier. Al-Hana inside Baiz MarketOpen Daily
I have come here a couple times because I love the layout for working... Good table space, good wifi, and decent coffee.. a good place to meet people to work too. But holy crap, who are they hiring? There is one girl here who constantly is cursing at absurd volume levels and doesn't stop complaining about everything. The others don't do anything during the slow parts of the day other than "hang out" and talk loudly about their lives, sometimes complaining about work. (They could use that time to clean up a bit, there are dust bunnies everywhere and pretty close to food/drink.) They also seem to use the coffee shop as a place to play their own music, which is usually really loud metal or rock.  This place is really dropping on my scale of places to work. Too bad, the good qualities are just being squashed by the people working here.
Update timeI had an eggplant sauteed in olive oil and spices, served on a hoagie roll with 3 cheeses, and egg, lettuce, tomato and a sprinkle of salt and pepper. IT ROCKEDBobby will customize anything you ask if he has the food to make it. JUST ASK.No sides just plenty of sandwich.
i mentioned in my review of the Tempe Z-Tejas that i like their food. What the Scottsdale location does better than Tempe is service and location. You can either enter from outside or from inside the mall. i prefer to mix my pure hatred of shopping with a delectable tortilla soup and some sweet corn bread served with honey butter. every time i've come here, i've come alone. i've never been mistreated as single patrons sometimes are, and i've always been surprised at the quality of my service.
I distinctly recall my first visit to Toys-R-Us after years of scouring the aisles of the local Kay Bees in the shopping malls. Toys-R-Us was in its own building, its own building! And, upon entry, I was overwhelmed and even a bit frightened. I had no idea such diversity existed in the toy world, at least outside of the Sears catalog. Unfortunately, I wasn't ready for it and I never really gave up Kay Bee or the more cozy and convenient setting of Kay Bee (much easier when the family is already at the mall)...still, I am quite sure I missed out on many hunks of plastic, like, wait, the GI Joe Hovercraft has a mini hovercraft that mounts on the hovercraft! Well...no more. When I first experienced Total Wine on the East Coast, I was ready. And when this Camelback location opened, I was more than ready. This is your one stop Toys-R-Us (with a much better interior) for adults. Don't get me wrong, the cozy confines of your local wine store still can offer great things, but can they offer 8-10+ rows of wine, plus what seems like 200+ kinds of vodka, 150+ bourbons, 100+ rums, etc...great beer, 6-packs and many singles (including a great Belgian and unique European import offering), cigars, and liquors with hovercrafts? Total Wine can! The selection for beer, wine, liquor, mixers, and even cigars is great and unmatched in the area.  Your legal vice can be fully fed, and then some. On top of that, they offer decent pricing and helpful service. Sure, there are some wines you might find at Sportsman's and not here, but don't mistake Total for a Wal-Mart or even BevMo. Total is its own special place...in its own building. I have one warning -- don't grab a cart unless you must. No matter what intentions you may have, once the cart is in your hands, it will magically become filled. You've been warned.
Went on a perfect day to shop... Superbowl Sunday, after the game already started.  It was like my very own store!  I had heard this was the mother load of all grocery stores in Phoenix, so I spent 2 hours in there.  Just to get the feel and lay of the land.  LOVE IT!Besides doing all my grocery shopping, I will point out the cool things about this SIGNATURE MARKETPLACE.Covered parking with the option of valet and having your car washed while shop.  Pretty cool.Great furniture selection.  Seriously.  Saw a desk and shelf set that I think I have to have.There is a wine bar inside.  With stools, a TV and a bartender.Smoothie Bar- yum!Bakery is out of this world- attentive staff to help you make selection.  A large variety of bakery items and breads.  CARB HEAVEN!There is a mini whole foods inside the store.A mini bed bath and beyond as well.And a mini best buy.I love it.  I can't wait to go back.The fruit and veggie section is gorgeous too!
I don't eat 'bad' around the holidays for good reason. However, I have people around me that wish to sabotage the wonderful principles I have about eating healthy and not stuff myself throughout the entire year, by bringing home items like cookies, pies, cupcakes and cinnamon rolls. More recently this physique destruction has been in the form of cookies from Cookies in Bloom. They're are so amazing, just all that you could want in a Christmas cookie and more. I've eaten about two so far, and about to have another right now! And their design are just so adorable. I felt really bad biting into that snowman's behind, but he asked for it. And $3/per cookie makes you feel really guilty if you don't eat them, since the person that bought them decided they weren't exactly what they were looking for. (My mom is secretly jealous of my size 2 figure...)These fun cookies also come arranged in baskets and designed for all holidays and occasions. I'm really trying to watch it, but I can't resist them...you know, Bikram's can only do so much for you when you overly eat sugary sweets like this on purpose.
One star reviews are really rare for me, So much so, that, if I am giving a one star review, I will usually just not even bother to write the review. Coach and Willie's probably deserves better, but for what we paid and the quality of food we got, I have to do what I have to do.  Here goes...We had been given tickets to the Diamondbacks game and, not too familiar with the area, this was the first place we found. The game was starting in a little over an hour when we showed up. Even at that, we did not get bad service, the one star is primarily directed at the food, which was not good.I get very dismayed when something on the menu sounds really good and is such a disappointment. I ordered the Baja Fish Wrap. I love fish tacos and this sounded like something in the same vein. They do give you a choice of sides. I chose the wedge salad. The fish was bland. The lavosh wrap around it was soggy and falling apart. The menu promised spicy sauce... again bland. The wedge salad was a travesty. It was just an unwieldy wedge of lettuce with a small amount of dressing on it. It took up over half the plate. When you tried to cut it it made everything slide off the other side. I gave up on it after the first few bites. It wasn't worth the work and mess. My wife had a nearly identical experience with her tequlila-lime chicken wrap... no flavor at all in any of the food.These sandwiches and two drinks cost us over $50. Hence, one star. We won't be going back here.
I want this review to reflect heavily on the food at Dick's Hideaway! The atmosphere was fantastic, and exactly what I like...but oh my did Richardson's do one hell of a job in the kitchen. I really didn't even know just how much I adored New Mexican style food until I ate here. I went here for breakfast and got the carne adovada and my girlfriend went with the chile rellenos. The adovada was through the roof delicious! Smokey, spicy, salty and prefectly tender! It was some of the best adovada that I've experienced, period. Fast forward to me getting around to trying the rellenos and you would have seen me with my lower jaw hitting the table (after chewing and swallowing of course). They were incredible; like, seriously incredible! My girlfriend won the battle of, "Whose cuisine will reign supreme?" hands down! I must eat those again! The last part of the meal that I feel needs recognition is the grapefruit juice. Sounds silly, but it was also amazing. It was so fresh that I'm surprised I didn't find some of the peel in it!Dick's Hideaway is a must try! Richardson'st impressed the hell out of me, and I can't wait to go and eat more of their delicious food!
I don't know how people can eat here. The food is all grease and fat. The grease in which they deep fry everything is 'off' I think - like they haven't changed it out since the 1980s... everything tastes the same and not in a good way. In fact, everything about this place is like a blast from the past - it's like walking into a museum featuring restaurant cliches from 25 years ago.I felt dirty and greasy just walking into the joint. The entire place is covered in a layer of film that's neither sticky nor slimy, but truly disturbing. The smells emanating from this place both inside and out are all pretty offensive too. The quality of the ingredients used is all very low. I wouldn't ever recommend coming here to eat. We sampled quite a few different items and they were all vile and made me both regret their consumption and consider regurgitation. The sliders were a joke - how do you make greasy bread? Fries are made more of oil than potato. Pizza puffs are basically a twist on a mozzarella stick only wetter and less healthy (however healthy deep fried cheese could be).  There was one saving grace though - the salads seem to be decent. I won't be returning though.
EVERYONE hyped this place up waaaaay too much. I waited with 2 friends for 1.5 hours. I got a Cheese/Sausage omelet with grilled onions... it came with a piece of toast, 2 eggs (I think), and hash browns.People seem to talk about the hash browns... I don't see whats so special. Shredded potato that's burnt on the top and bottom, while hella soggy in the middle... is not my idea of damn good hash browns.In my honest opinion, if you like A LOT of butter on everything, as well as waiting in line for a hour and a half, for a chance to sit down in a crazy small restaurant... then this is the breakfast stop for you.
Absolutely THE BEST iced coffee.  The coffee is fantastic and the ice they use (it's like pebbles of ice and it takes a long time to melt, so your drink is super cold) really makes this the best cup of iced coffee in the area.  The blended drinks are so much better than any those sugar-coma frappuccinos that Starbucks serves.  Free Wifi, great outdoor seating area, and friendly staff.  As good as it gets.
I would tear a hamstring to run as fast as I could from this place. Went there for the first time last night. Food is gross. Service sucks. It's uncomfortable. There really isn't one good thing I can say about it. Run away. You'll thank me.
I've been itching to go to FEZ for a long time based on all the other wonderful reviews. I drive by FEZ nearly every day as I work just down the street.  Finally went with a buddy of mine and I got razzed more than I'd like for picking out a sub-par place! That is factoring in the food and the service. I'd probably give 2.5, 3 stars for the food. I'd give 1.5 stars for the service.  Went on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all, although the service would have suggested otherwise. Now don't get me wrong, the waitress was very pleasant and personable, but the time that went by before we got refills or that my dining companion's DIET COKE was fixed to a regular coke took too long. Me not being a soda drink couldn't care less about diet vs. regular but I know, I know, you soda drinkers need to have it exactly as you're taste buds know. The food: I already had a lunch so just got the kisra and hummus.  I must  say I was extremely impressed with the taste of the kisra....actually...I would come here for the kisra and hummus for lunch, for sure. But I would get it to go. I wouldn't come back on a lazy Sunday afternoon b/c although I'm being lazy, I don't want the service lazy.  On to my friend's lunch...he got the All-American Burger. To me, this should have come on a sesame seed bun, what's more American other than apple pie,right?  Now I understand the Mediterranean flair that is FEZ, but it just didn't seem right to call it All-American when it's more like half-American....and his salt and pepper fries were not even warm-ish. And they tasted reheated. boo.We both decided this would maybe have been a better time had if we were there in the evening. I think we'll give it one more try at night and see if we don't enjoy it a little more.Maybe my hopes were built up b/c of all the other great reviews, maybe we came at a bad time, maybe he ordered the wrong item. Maybe I'll give FEZ another shot....but I'm not in a hurry to do that right now.
Ok, found a new place to eat Chinese food in the QC.  This place was the best Chinese I have had here in the area.  I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for some good Chinese food.  I had the sesame chicken, and we also got the sweet & sour chicken and veggie order.  Everyone was happy and each "single" serving can easily feed two big sized people.
This is a gift to Scottsdale. As small as it is I was surprised at how much character it musters. The atmosphere, staff and food are all enchanting. I suggest sitting at the bar facing the chefs so you can watch their every move. My pork shank was decedent as were the leeks.  The menu is constantly changing and features locally sourced organic ingredients. Bonus Tip: If you're waiting on a seat, Kazimierz is right next door for a quick glass of wine.
I have been to Alice Cooperstown MANY times over the years but it was the most recent experience that made me think back to all those times and wonder why it is I keep coming back? The food is bland. I don't know how much simplier I can be. The Big Unit--Bland. The Ryne Sandburger--Bland. French Fries---DOUBLE bland. Onion Rings---Bland. The BBQ dipping dauce for the onion rings--BLAND. There is absolutely NO FLAVOR to this food! Thank God for ketchup and mustard cuz otherwise it would have been your basic hosptial food. And every other time I've gone here, it's been bland bland bland food. Nothing pops at this restaurant when it comes to the food. And the drinks...blah at best. I once ordered a Waborita and had to send it back three because it was so watered down. You'd have to spend a lot of money to get a buzz on at this place because the drinks are very watered down. The beers are crisp and fresh, but the drinks..not so much. Now if you are looking for ATMOSPHERE, Cooperstown is your place.  The staff all have the Alice Cooper-esque eye-liner which is cool. There is Alice memoribilia covering every inch of every wall in the place. And of course all good theme restaurants have a gift shop.  They have great live bands that come out to play and when there is no band, they have great piped in music too.  Cooperstown is a novel place to take out-of-town guests before a game, but if it's just you and your family, you won't feel empty if you skip it.  It's just too much money to spend on very bland, uneventful food.
Being a fan of expensive and interesting cuisine, I have to say that this place is one of the few that in the food category get it right in Phoenix. The concept of the customized menu and course selection is pretty amazing and certainly something you should share with out of town guests, or a great date. The service was actually some of the best I've ever had in Arizona. On the downside, the decor is lacking and doesn't match the level of the food or service - a flaw in design for sure. (For a $115 meal, I expect more than cafe decor and a a stinky bathroom with exposed plumbing issues.)
This place fills a gap that is definitely needed in the area. Fast, delicious, and relatively cheap breakfast food and coffee. Yesterday I had the low carb breakfast in a tomato basil wrap - warm eggs, fresh greens, potato, and pesto sauce. It was fantastic! The iced coffee was smooth, almost-carmely (not sweet), and delicious. I highly recommend this place any day. Oh, and they're open early! Beyond the food, the place looks great and has a beautiful patio. It stands out amongst some of the eyesore plazas of Apache. The only down side - they close at 4pm.
I.  LOVE.  GELATO.That said, Gelato Spot is right up my alley and if you love gelato (it doesn't even have to be as much as I love it - you can just like it or never have tried it) you should check it out.  I haven't had a bad flavor and you can ensure that by sampling as many as you'd like before making that ultimate decision.  They elimiate the "I might not like it once I try it" regret.They offer scooped gelato, gelato shakes, gelato desserts, gelato sundaes - almost enough variety to rival the endless shrimp list of Forrest Gump's Bubba, but not quite. =)If you haven't had a gelato experience, Gelato Spot is a great place for the maiden voyage.  The staff are very friendly and they will help you navigate the ways of the gelato.  I've also been to the Scottsdale location and it is equally tasty.  Enjoy!
PV isn't as nasty as everyone says. So what if the bathroom door is merely propped up against the doorframe and the guy with the eye-patch sitting at the end of the bar won't stop smiling and licking his lips? The drinks are cheap and it's got real soul. Despite the bar's appearance the bartenders are all really friendly and surprisingly witty. It's cash only though, which can be shitty if you're not prepared. And then there's the mop. It's always there! Hanging on that wire.Highlight: The patio outside feels like your friend's friend's trashy backyard: lots of chairs haphazardly arranged around a small dirt/cement area, all of which have missing legs and/or the seats busted out.
I'm not sure why I'm bothering to review Fate myself, since dozens of other people have already done so. I guess it's because I've become a little disillusioned with the place.My husband and his friends have come here all the time for years. Often, they bring me, and I love the food. The tofu is always perfectly crispy, the dishes (especially the chow fun) are excellent and the drink menu is fun and creative.So why 3 stars?Simply, this place has developed a really bad attitude. Fate is like that friend in middle school who suddenly decided she was "too cool" for you, and started moving away from  you at the lunch table and then sabotaging your cheer leading routines.Last time we came here, the bar next door to it had just opened -- so we made some allowances for slowness -- but STILL. We made reservations and still had to wait an hour. That's ridiculous. Then we had just purchased expensive drinks and were not allowed to bring them to the restaurant. No apologies, nothing.That particular night, after an hour, we were still table-less and  about to leave, as we had seen plenty of couples who were apparently *friends* with the waitstaff (and who had come much later than we had) get seated, while we waited... and waited.. .and waited... Finally, the owner of the restaurant saw us complaining, recognized my husband's friend, and found us seating.Now, a few days ago, we called to make reservations and dared to ask if they had something earlier than 9:30. What did we get? A snappy, smart ass response.No thanks, Fate. There are plenty of other places opening up downtown and we'll start to take our business there. I love what you're doing to downtown Phoenix, but that slowly swelling head on your shoulders isn't attractive.
We ate here last night with a friend.  Everyone was friendly and eager to show us what the place was about.  I have to agree about the rock in the middle of the room.  I foresee some drunken frat boy trying to climb on top and really hurting himself.  The room is small and dark with a nice bar area and dining booths surrounding the back of the room.  There is an open window by the bar that lets in some natural light which is nice.On to the food & drinks.  I ordered the Hello Kitty, which tasted like a strawberry daiquiri.  Between the three of us, we ordered the hot rock ahi tuna, chopped salad with wasabi peas, grilled lobster spring rolls, dumplings, tempura rock shrimp, and teriyaki pork ribs.  The hot rock ahi tuna was okay, but I had better at Taneko.  I really could not taste any of the lobster in the spring rolls at all, so hard to really rate it.  The teriyaki pork ribs were very nice and tender, falling right off the bone.  The sticky rice they advertised is not sticky rice.  It's just rice.  All of the other dishes were good, not great.I had a real problem with the portion sizes.  I have had tapas and been to Sea Saw a few times so I am used to the small dishe/sharing concept.  But their portions were inconsistent.  On some dishes, there was enough to share among 3 people (but just barely).  On other dishes, there was only enough for 2.  I guess you will have to double up on everything, but then be prepared for a really large bill!The karaoke rooms are really small.  You could maybe fit four-five people comfortably.  Any more and I'd imagine you're basically sitting and singing right on top of each other.  All in all, an okay night.  Our bill came out to about $35/person (before tax + tip).  I felt a little let down, because I love Stingray Sushi and Drift.  So, this was a disappointing 3 stars.  I think I will be back, but only for drinks.
So, the BF and I ate here on Saturday in the afternoon as I had noticed it on a recent shopping trip to the Biltmore. The decor and ambiance is first class and I found our service to be pretty good, but rich...oh my gosh!! I didn't need to eat anything the rest of the day (which is super unusual for me!) as I was so full from our lunch! It felt like everything was loaded with duck fat, truffle oil and butter, which normally I would not complain about, but this was too much! We were starving when we arrived, so right away we ordered a yummy bottle of champagne (interesting wine list!), the duck confit salad and the truffle fries that we had spotted as we were seated at our table. The fries were delicious and the portion was huge! The salad was very tasty, but we were both surprised by the large duck leg and thigh on the plate with a yummy, ashy piece of Humboldt Fog cheese and small bunch of greens. It was good, but my goodness was it rich! The BF was still hungry (how, I have no idea!) and had been eying the polenta and veggie sides, so we ordered those as well. Both were legitimately dripping in butter. Again, I am a girl who loves a rich meal, but this was a bit much! I will say that as we were leaving, Crush (the attached bar) was packed and both the BF and I commented that we would be up for trying the bar soon as it looked like a fun place to hang out and enjoy their happy hour. All in all, be prepared for over the top, decadent options that individually are bombs, but all together is a little too much!
This place was such a nice surprise! I found the restaurant by chance looking through restaurant.com, and I hadn't found an acceptable Japanese restaurant since I moved here.We had the What the Heck and the Screamin' Roll, ahi tuna sashimi, an unagi roll, house seasoned edamame, and a house salad. Everything was fresh and delicious! The house salad dressing was a bit on the sweet side, but it's just a small blip in an otherwise delicious meal. It was interesting to eat a roll with a jalapeno, tomato and onion mix on top. Got a bit of local flair in their sushi menu! It was delicious though. The family running the restaurant is so nice! We got a chance to talk to the chef, Johnny, who was taking a break outside when we left after the meal. He was so friendly and sweet! He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table. We will definitely be back! There are plenty of other rolls we need to try.
Chipotle makes life easy.They serve 3 things.Burritos, Tacos, and Salads.Just 3.But they serve those 3 things THOUSANDS of ways,With or without 3 kinds of meat (and yes, you can have a little of each.... I have done that when I couldn't decide), with or without any of 7-10 different ingredients. And yes, you can have your burrito without the tortilla.Don't expect table service.  What you get is glorified fast food.  The disadvantage is that you have to get your own meal in line.  The advantage is that you don't have to wait, and you get it exactly the way you want it.The food is healthy.  Healthy, as in not full of chemicals.  It is still gonna have all the calories... maybe even a few extra, but  the meats are hormone and antibiotic free, the beans are organic, and the sour cream is hormone free too.I don't eat the tortillas... i'm into the bowls.
Okay, I'm a firm believer in three strikes you're out.  I gave it two tries, but I couldn't even stomach a third time at this place.  God!!!!  I sooooooo wanted to love this little quirky place that reminded me of the beach stands in the few remaining un-yuppified beach towns in California. Well, the atmosphere is there, right down to the funny guys that work the place.  Food is pretty much like music for me, I like all music and I like all food.  I can pretty much find something good in every meal....but not so today.  I take that back...the salsa verde was some of the best I have had.  First try there....wet soggy flavorless fish tacos.This weekend, I sent my hubby down for a couple of burritos (recommended by yelp reviewers actually), I knew it was a gamble, and I wanted to be able to give a good review, so I picked something everyone said was consistently good.  The green beef burrito.  Hubby had a hot dog of some sort.  Little had a bean, cheese and rice burrito.  We were 0 for 0.  My burrito....so cold the cheese didn't melt, so big it couldn't even fold and so wet the tortilla melted.  I don't know if it was so disturbing to eat that I couldn't taste it, or if it just had none.  My husband's hot dog grossed me out just at presentation.  He started to make something else and I said, well at least try it, he did and he had to choke it down.  Little has NEVER turned down a bean and cheese but she took one bite and never looked back.  I want places like this to stick around so bad I'm tempted to print out these reviews and mail them to them.  I'm on a bad review streak.  Gotsta find some good eats soon, maybe Golden Buddah for lunch will turn me around!
A Hangar Cafe Haiku:Butter Colored GreaseMagical, Viscous PondOn Plate, In BodyThe Japanese really had something going with these haiku.  If it isn't worth saying in 17 syllables, is it really worth saying at all?  True, this is contrary to every facet of my conversational style, but...I look for only two things in a breakfast place.  Eggs and hash browns.  If there are eggs and hash browns at a restaurant, it is a-ok.  But if you go to Hangar and sit at the bar, you will see them slathering a paintbrush into a golden vat and then smearing what comes out onto english muffins, into recipes, on to the griddle, and so on.  And that warms my heart in a way that would make every nutritionist cringe.  The bacon is cooked to that sublime level of disintegration where it just melts in your mouth.  Pancakes--decent.  French toast?  Actually quite palatable.But the chicken fried steak? Now we're talking!  A dish that comes with all four of the food groups (i.e. butter, fat, grease, lard) making a succulent primordial soup on your plate.  Bursting with flavorful morsels of sausage and beef.  The perfect hangover cure, and by that I mean that if you're hungover, go stuff yourself with this meal and you'll want to die, but at least not because of the alcohol you drank.  Everyone wins, kinda.Note: at 11, they no longer serve breakfast and who wants lunch after what I just explained to you?  Although I did have a croissant club sandwich and it was very respectable!  Just not, you know, chicken fried steak.There sometimes is a wait.  Deal.  Because if you're looking for a greasy spoon, you just found it.
You do get what you pay for!!!.  Had a convention in Scottsdale and wanted to find something more reasonable then the Scottsdale resorts.  Happened upon the Scottsdale Athletic Club and it looked great.  The price was slammin' so I encouraged a colleague and client to get reservations.The rooms had all the charm of Motel 6.  I was really disappointed and embarrassed for my client.  Found myself saying I'm sorry over and over again.  Hope I can save some fellow Yelpers from the same experience.
This is a restaurant with great beers on tap plus bar and frequent promo nights. Definitely go when there is one - the reps are great to talk to and swag is often generous. It's far for me, I don't go often, but I'm giving this a somewhat mixed review with a downward turn.Beer selection is decent, but I hate the chalice glasses for the higher alcohol beers. Just give me a snifter. I guess they break too often, too many rookies,so they go with the dollar store chalice for durability. Yes I've seen them at Dollar Tree.I'm mainly addressing the food.I ordered the fish n chips. I knew it wasn't gonna be British style, but I still have my complaints - the fish was 3 small pieces rather than 2 large ones, and the batter was RUBBERY!! I could literally stretch the fish pieces apart. I hated that! So annoying! I think my fish was pre-cooked and then microwaved, that's why the batter was rubbery. GRRRRRRR!!! I STRONGLY SUSPECT THIS!!! I hope whoever reads this who works there, that they feel royally BUSTED! You make me ANGRY AS F*&%!!! Learn how to do crispy fish the British way!Also not much fish volume. Again, I was expecting two decently sized fish pieces. The fries were good, no complaints there. I sampled my friend's sweet potato fries from his pork sandwich, they were good too, good texture. I glanced at my friend's BBQ pork sandwich, it had bacon on it, and came with BBQ sauce on the side. I tasted the sauce. Spicy and delicious! ZING! My friend pulled off some bacon from the sandwich. Not like him to do that, he's a bacon FREAK like I am. I look closer. The bacon wasn't cooked all the way, it was rubbery and fatty. COME ON!!My other friend ordered a gyro and fries. The meat was barely represented. CHINSE!One amazing thing I will note however, was that even though the place was full (not packed), the food came out LIGHTNING FAST. Maybe too fast, not enough time to cook the bacon all the way or do decent fish.The good service keeps you from getting ONE star.I should've eaten at Angels Trumpet instead.
Ok --  I'm not sure if my husband and I went on an off night or if our waiter was the one that just didn;t make this a "5 Star" experience for us.  Not sure...We got there and just LOVED the lady that greeted us (owner?  she was amazing).  Our table wasn't quite ready but, hey, thats ok!  I was ready for a drink at the bar and I was looking pretty good so I thought I'd be the vamp at the bar that night.  What a cute restaurant!!  The Bartender was AWESOME and had a shot of Limoncello with us.  We loved him immediately.We sat down, and our waiter came over.  An older dude that was very sweet and he told us our specials.  We split the Beef Carpaccio and it was very good -- a little low on salt -- but very yummy.  I had the scampi special and my hubby had the Wild Boar Tagliatelli -- yummy but missing something.  My Scampi was really not as flavorful as I would have liked -- but it was good.  You can tell the pasta is fresh and I just love that.Our waiter left us alone for a long time and didn't check back as often as I would have liked.  At the end, he only brought the dessert tray and did not tell us about all the other ice cream flavors they had.  I had to tell him -- because I heard it from all the other waiters when they told their tables.  Now wassup with that?  Also, we were told by the bartender that we get a complimentary shot of limoncello at the end of our meal.  Never happened.  All the other tables did get one though -- so I think it was just our guy.There will be a second visit -- and I will make sure we get a different waiter.  I really wanted to love this place and the first visit didn't let me love it
Hands down the best buffet in Arizona. Seriously!I tried the sirloin, roast beef, shrimp, mussels, mahi, and pork. All were well prepared and fresh. I also saw crab legs, salads, pasta, pizza, and calamari. They have a ridiculously large desert selection too! The atmosphere is very modern and open, with an optional outdoor patio.It helps that this is in the new Talking Stick Resort & Casino, which offers several other upscale restaurants to explore. *Check out the 15th floor bar while you're here.
Wow. I have never been blown away by breakfast as I was here. Never.Simple. Hearty. Filling. Good price. What more can I ask for?I ordered (can't remember the name...my bad) a croissant with eggs, cheese and bacon in it which came with a side of fresh fruit. I was greeeeedy heffa and ordered a side of their homestyle potatoes/fries. OMG they were so good and a little different from what I've normally been served...they were buttery, creamy and tasted of dill or a different type of season one doesn't usually experience. The potatoes were soft and crunch at the SAME TIME~ I know, I'm so easy to please...but it was so worth it.Hubby ordered the Three Musketeers and he was suitably impressed as well...he cleared everything off on his plate and looked so happy. After an early start of hitting the mall (to get his computer fixed) and then me dragging him around Home Depot (lights needed to be replaced), this was such a lovely way to get in a late breakfast at 11am.I'll definitely be back to try their other items on the menu - it all looks so wonderful.
Wow! This place is amazing! I was visiting Phoenix, and drove to Chandler just to check this place out. I'm glad I did! I went here specially for their jerky. There were three flavors: Turkey, Cajun, and Regular. I asked Ralph which flavor does he recommend, and he gave me huge samples to try! They were all delicious, but I chose the Turkey and the Regular flavors. The turkey jerky was so tender and very lean. The regular jerky was smoky, just the way I like it! I wanted to try their steaks, but since I live in California, I obviously couldn't buy any to bring back home! Next time Von Hanson's, I will be prepared for you and bring ice packs and a cooler! No, I'm not joking.
4 stars because they carry Blue Bell Ice Cream (which is odd for a place trying to mimic a real NY deli). I had the Brox Bomber (corned beef, pastrami, provalone, mayo and mustard) with a side of mayonaise potatoe salad. It was good and quick.Downtown Chandler has really won me over.
I generally keep my positive reviews in the four-star range, mostly because I hate setting people's expectations too high. It's a defensive mechanism I truly really believe in.Unfortunately, I can't give Vitamin T anything less than a five-star review. My lunch experience today was so over-the-top wonderful and the food was so freaking perfect not even cynical (and possibly silly) personal philosophies can make scale down my praise. I mowed 3 carne asada tacos and walked away very full and beyond happy. The beef and vegetables were freshly prepared and the flour tortillas were big enough to act as sufficient vessels without overpowering my meat with their carbiness (it's a real word, look it up). The salsa bar (including sour cream) was stocked and kept clean. Special props for the pickled red peppers. So freaking great.Great job by Aaron May and Co. in capturing the spirit of street food without making the customer feel like they are eating food off the street.
Inside tip- ask for a "Claire Enchilada"- beans and avocado for a refreshing and one-of-a kind flavor.  The crumbled cheese is a fresher, healthier, and more flavor full way to prepare Mexican food- I will forever prefer this cheese over the gooey, slimy, fatty stuff used by other Mexican places.  For desert, be sure to request them to set aside a flan for you (otherwise they tend to run out on busier nights).  It is a secret family recipe that the woman who makes it for them refuses to ever divulge.  Again, this is unlike any flan you've ever experienced before.  Happy eating!Warmly,Kirin :)
I have found myself here a few times.  Mostly on Saturdays around 9 for thier Comedy Shows (and Reverse Happy Hour).  I have a thing for local comedy.  Yea, sometimes the comedians are a little rough around the edges but they all have to get their practice, test out their style and get their starts somewhere.   A few times I stick around later for the DJ.  They usually spin some great mixes and vary their DJs now and again.  When it gets packed the flow is a bit difficult and it can be tough to get a drink at the bar at that point.  When that happens I usually find my way back to a bar closer to home.
Chanpen is another one that I have avoided reviewing because I am not sure exactly how to convey how awesome it is. (disclaimer: I have only been once, so there is still room for error, but it was really good that one time!)My work-friend brought myself and a third lady from work to Chanpen. I had been looking for good thai on the west side. She said it was a hole in the wall.... she wasn't joking. But often those are the best places.We walked in (a little early for the dinner crowd) and the employees were sprawled out across the couch, watching thai soaps. I found this to be more humorous than irritating, after all it is a family place. We ordered SO.MUCH.FOOD. I thought i was going to die of overindulgence. Between the three of us, we had an appetizer sampler, 4 entree's, and rice. I can't remember all the entree's, but I know the pad thai was amazing. What's funny about me is that I don't like curry, I don't like coconut, and I'm not huge on peanut sauce. Well, that's like 90% of thai food. This place met and exceeded my picky-thai expectations. Oh, and I drank an entire pot of jasmine tea to myself. Needless to say, I went home that night and cleaned my entire apartment from top to bottom. Maybe it wasnt the caffeine.... maybe it was just a high from damn good thai!
I love Trader Vics!!!  We used to go to Trader Vics in Los Angeles and were so very excited to discover that they were opening a Scottsdale location.  My first experience was entirely forgettable....because I had two Tiki Puka Pukas.  Watch out!!  Make white girl go freaky freaky!!!  My husband enjoyed that one.I would recommend anything on the menu without reservation.  The fried rice is out of this world.  It's the one thing I will mention in particular.This location at the Valley Ho has a great outdoor seating area.  Go early though as it tends to get packed!  And I'd be surprised if you snagged a table without a reservation and without waiting for a long time.
Was in a rush to get to my gate, then discovered my flight was delayed a 1/2 hour.  Since I was starving, I decided to grab a quick bite at Nathans before my flight.I decided to get 2 Hot Dogs, $5.98.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cQMhOnD_92IUwu9QaGIbrQ?select=_JjLNM3ygygx7PeI83b74ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cQMhOnD_92IUwu9QaGIbrQ?select=SCB50-WT-wbnEbUppmr1oQThey had a nice *snap* to them....just the way I like it.  It's Nathan's, which is normally very good....but for some reason, the airport locations aren't as good.  This one was just average....but it did the job and I was no longer hungry.Return Factor - 60%
The BLD Iced Coffee is to die for! The sweetener they put in the coffee is just enough to give it something special. It is quite addicting. I was getting it daily on my way to work but since they changed their drive-thru hours to open an hour later (was 6am, now 7am), I can no longer brighten my morning with their coffee. Starbucks will have to do.
Pretty nice place to share a meal with someone you love. Even in my long sleeve button down and nice jeans I felt overdressed. My ribeye was cooked perfectly, but seemed to lack something that I just couldn't place. Pepper jack mac and cheese was delicious, probably the best mac and cheese I've ever had. My date's trio of meat was, um, interesting...the elk was a little gamey for me but the buffalo was awesome. Service here is incredible...we were the last table to leave and instead of ushering us out, we had a nice 20 minute conversation with our waiter (who shares a very rare last name with my date).
My friend who lives in Phoenix told me that finding really good asian food is a difficult task.  While I was visiting she told me she finally found a great Japanese restaurant. We went over the weekend and I must agree that it was up to par and I grew up eating authentic Japanese food at home.The have a very good happy hour Monday thru Friday from 3 to 6pm. The rolls and a few dishes along with alcohol are priced anywhere from $2-$5. I suggest you get there early. We got there around 5:15 and had an hour wait. We didn't make it for happy hour so we ordered off the regular menu.  I had hot Soba (buckwheat noodle) soup and Tofu Salad. The Soba soup was very good, I would skip the tofu salad next time, there wasn't anything special about it.   We also shared the Alaskan roll which comprised of cooked salmon, crab, cucumber and avocado. It was really good. For those of you who have never had Japanese style Italian food, it's quite a treat. If you can imagine Italian pasta with a twist such as soy sauce flavor, etc., it's something everyone who enjoy Japanese flavors should check out.We also noticed the dessert counter and decided to order a few things to go.  I got the strawberry shortcake - which is a very popular dessert in Japan and they made it perfectly.  Pound cake type sponge, fresh strawberry, light cream and overall not too sweet. My friend tried the chocolate tart and it was soooooooooooooooo good!Check it out if you live in the area!
You would think Jesus was making your pizza from all the other reviews.My guess is, you will absolutely love it there.  I don't like it it.  The pizzas are incredibly small for the price and there are better pizzas to be found right here in Phoenix that are less expensive and you won't have to wait a few hours to eat.The pizza itself is fine, it's not horrible or anything but it most certainly doesn't live up to the hype. The small space and huge demand means the tables are very close to each other.  If you are looking to a semi-private conversation over dinner, this isn't the place.  I suspect that to a lot of people there is a charm with the social interactions between the tables, just know that going in.
"The Vatican" skillet is yummy.  But the pancakes are to die for...something about 'em, whether it is because they are buttermilk, or whether it is because the syrup is served warm...I dunno.Other than that, this restaurant is pretty similar to a Cracker Barrel and the like.  Good, but I wouldn't go too far out of my way.
Just scroll down and read Jackie S.'s review.  I experienced the same service.  There's just better places to go for sushi; don't waste your time with this one.It's on a lame and fast street corner, too, and the view / activity is non-existent.You've got better things to do than sushi @ Pearl...Seriously.
Glad to have this yumminess somewhat close to my work.  I asked if it was hommemade and the answer was no but whatever, it tasted really good!  Really Really good!  I can't give more than 3 stars though b/c I have had better and a couple other places and I gave them 4 and 5 stars.Chill Out is a small little shop that we stopped in after lunch next door at The Nile Cafe.  I tried to go another time but it was closed so I was happy that I got to try it out this time!  The whole little shopping/dining strip is a pleasant suprise and really cute. I tried a few of the flavors, cookies and cream and bananas foster-- both were really yum.
My visit to Gingerroot was alright. Food was okay, we ordered some decent Lechon Kawaii, extremely chewy Calamari (do not order!), and some pretty delicious Sinigang soup! I guess everything can't be perfect, but it was satisfying :) I guess my biggest complaint would have to be the people eating here. Me and my hubby, and our 7-month old son decided to pop in here after hearing about it on yelp. As soon as I walked in, I kind of knew right away this wasn't a good place for families to eat, especially if you have children, (the place is extremely small, and set up a tad too fancy). More of a place for a small adult party.. anyway..   I left Gingerroot feeling pretty annoyed, and a little hurt.  Me and my fiance had been eating for about 10 min, we were the only ones in the restaurant. Around 7pm two men came in and sat by the TV.  Our son kept squealing and giggling, and they literally just looked disgusted and annoyed. One went as far as releasing a huge sigh and rolled his eyes after my baby shrieked pretty loudly. And kept talking about how loud and annoying babies are in english! At this point I felt really uncomfortable, these men had some serious attitude over nothing! I guess what they were looking for was a quiet, intimate dinner.. but with a large, loud, TV playing two and a half men, i dont understand why they were there anyway. I think they just wanted to huff and puff and stick their nose in the air to make themselves feel good for no reason at all.. Even though I prefer the food here at Gingerroot, i'd much rather go to Geepney Bistro where the people serving and eating there are much more humble. And I leave enjoying the experience.
Eggcited about their Buttermilk Pancakes!!The only thing I remember was their pancakes! They're butterlicous good!! The buttermilk pancakes are so rich in flavor, the whole thing's practically butter, but its just so darn goooooood! Eggs and bacon were standard -- tastes like you can make 'em @ home.Great Customer service!
Now, I'm not much of a meat-eater.  But I wanted to try this new spot in my neighborhood. Originally, i had though that the mushroom burger was a portobello mushroom burger, which is a bit more my speed, but after a quick explanation: a steak burger, made of ground steak, not like a steak sandwich.  This was enticing, especially since it was only 5 bucks for a meal.The burger and fries were served in a brown sack, and piping hot.  The burger was messy, greasy, and just plain DELICIOUS.  I like that I received hearty portions of WELL SEASONED food, and that the guy behind the counter was extra nice and answered all my questions.I give this place a thumbs up.  Although I have to join in on the french fry poll.. I wasn't too happy with the fries.  Had they fried them another 5 minutes, they would have been perfect.
A swanky, cozy place to land right in the heart of Old Town. Yes, Mabel's is the place to be seen.  It's an establishment striving to exude class and wealth. It's old fashioned done well. I don't have much to say about the cocktails since I don't drink anymore, but the bartenders were attentive nonetheless.  It's an ideal place to cozy up to your honey or eye that sexy someone across the room.
***After going to the NW corner (where I thought I was supposed to go, so much for relying on my memory...) Lulu's cupcakes pink lettered sign was a welcome beacon to the land of the delicious. On the inside was the counter with glass covered (cupcake stands. After much deliberation I settled on the Mood Elevator (a chocolate cupcake with a mocha-chocolate frosting and chocolate covered espresso bean, a Lemon cupcake (I'm sure it had a snazzy name, but I totally forgot to write it down), a Pumpkin cupcake, and D-cupcake, a vanilla cupcake with raspberry filling and a chocolate ganache frosting.Although smaller than the normal high-end bakery cupcakes (think normal made-at-home sizing) they are delicious. I often find with the bigger cakes its a struggle to finish them, and when I do I am so full I can't eat for hours...these cakes were perfect size for me. The cakes are moist and melt in your mouth with each bite. They have just enough frosting, you don't feel the need to knock off half a pound - it compliments the cake flavor well. I especially enjoyed my Mood Elevator, the chocolate was not too rich, making it difficult to finish, but instead was balanced well with the espresso icing. Overall, they were tasty, and I would go back again.This joint has a lot of repeat business, but it did seem like they make limited quantities of some cakes (Our party wiped out quite a few in stock) so, it may be best to call ahead and make sure they have what you want.
This is the very first time I have ever been here. I had never even heard of it before.  Nestled in a little shopping center that is half empty is Lobby's.I Ordered a regular Cheese burger with fries, Mario got a double.Less than $20.00 for both of us including the tip.What amazed me at first as we waited for our food, was how very sparkling clean the place was, Here they are cooking grease all day and the stainless steel was shiny like The Top of the Chrysler Building!Which means they fully scrub it down every night. When we did get our food it was amazing!!! Yes it was hot, fresh, and oh so good. You could see the meat had no fillers ,the tomato's were a bit unripe but other than that, it was fantastic. I wanted to save a little for the dog (to take home). But, I ate it all.Fries were also really good.  While we were there they had their meat delivery , and guess what ! It is fresh meat that will do home delivery from grain feed cattle. This place is the bomb of the Burger World. It is just as you made it at home. The staff was super good as well, very friendly and always busy.
Definitely the best Thai food restaurant in Chandler. Way better than Thai Rama or Latitude 8.The chicken larb is awesome and so flavorful. My usual is the pad thai, which is excellent here. I always have to ask for extra lime at other places but their pad Thai already has tons of lime flavor. Check it out! I don't want this place to go out of business!
I used to live right around the corner from this little treat, luckily it is close to work so we can still conveniently enjoy it! The ironic part of Moto for me, I absolutely LOVE sushi but I order other items on the menu here because they are so freakin' tasty. Two of my favorites include the Moto Chicken Salad (cabbage, chicken, peanuts, celery, green onion tossed in a light sesame vinagrette) and comes in 2 sizes - regular and large. The large is huge - fyi!The chicken teriyaki bowl is so "clean" - excellent pieces of all-white meat, no chewy surprises... with your choice of white or brown rice. I like the brown rice. The sauce is a sweeter version of teriyaki, but great consistency. Avoid the miso soup - just one salty mess. Randomly tried their dessert, called "Mojos" - and they really brought out the "fat kid" in me!!! These rolls consist of Nutella, brownie and ice-cream rolled out with a layer of rice krispie treat and then sliced. Gotta atleast try them once! Great little neighborhood joint. Spent many a night drinking wine on the adorable little patio area.
I liked this place. I picked up the stuff they had on the front page of the grand opening ad (coupons) It was all stuff we use or will be using. I spent 35 and saved 15.. The place is huge, seems to stock a crap load of everything. Prices seem good. Staff was helpful, bagging myself was not a problem.
Great place to start the night out!  It has a South Pacific theme.  Again lots of really sexy people....but where in Scottsdale are there not?   .  More girls than boys!  Right in the middle of everything! They do serve food but I've never ordered it here!
This review is on the store side, not the restaurant side, of chakra four. I love coming here for their loose leaf teas because they have so many, probably over 100 and you can smell all the jars and open them all up to your hearts content. Every one of them which I have smelled and then purchsed, tasted exactly as it smelled when I got home and brewed it. They are not cheap, but what you get is a high quality product and the people who work here are very nice. They also offer many medicinal herbs and suppliments with creative and sometimes humorus names.
OK, I will try to be nice here. But I will warn you, the two worst things that can happen to a customer in a restaurant happened to our party. :-( Sorry Lolo's but you fell a bit short. I was looking forward to the Lolo's Chicken and Waffles experience for quite some time now, and the 'rents invited the starving college student, Me, to breakfast. The wait was a bit out of control, however I had an open mind, apparently this place is kind of a big deal and I should be patient. So I was. When we finally got a table, perfectly set aside from everyone else so it would be easy to wrangle the toddler that was with us, good job Lolo's on this one!, we immediately ordered drinks, that all but two out of eight were wrong. No big deal though, it was fixed pretty fast, as there are a million employees there. I am pretty sure we never saw the same person more than once. One to take our drink order, a different to deliver our drinks, a different person to take our food order, you get the picture. Anyway, we are having a great time socializing then the food starts to take a little bit of time, but they are busy so we don't bitch about it. When the food finally came, that is when all hell essentially broke loose. The sever first dumped an entire cup of syrup down my dad back, on the chair and all over the floor. Dad was not happy needless to say, but didn't freak out. The poor kid apologized but no other employee, i.e. Manager, came by to help or apologize. THEN, right after the spillage, he handed me my food, which was totally wrong first of all, and there was a gigantic moth sitting a top my mac and cheese. That was par for the coarse folks. I mean look at the plate before leaving the kitchen people, hello! I am sure I will go back at some point in my life. However, with all that happened, and the lack of anyone in the joint giving two sh***s about our happiness, I wont be going out of my way.
So I finally got to check out Carly's last night for a life coaching session and some dinner with the lovely Georgie S. The restaurant is small and has few large tables so if you are bringing a small nation you may need reservations. It is a quaint dining area with a small bar at the back. Parking is easy enough with its own lot behind the building. The food was good, wouldn't say great. We had the Mediterranean Bruschetta, which had sun dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts. It was tasty. The bread has a nice crust, but was still soft. The roof of my mouth says thanks for that. I had the Ruben with a side of orzo salad. It was good as well, but could have used more pastrami. It was very thin and was not what I was expecting for the price. The orzo salad was also tiny. Maybe like an ice cream scoop size. Again, tasty, but left me wanting more. The beer prices are awesome though! They had Kronnenborg for $2 and Spaten lager for $4. This really seems to be the hook that gets you in. There was a delightful dessert that passed by the table. It was a Nutella Croissant. This would definitely be a nice little date place. I am sure it gets busy on Friday and Saturdays, especially 1st Fridays!
The menu only exists in order to know what the restaurant doesn't have.  I understand it's only been open a little over a month, but running out of just about everything means they are very poorly managed and have a very poor business model.I was here twice in April, "New England" month.  Unfortunately for them, I lived in Boston for 5 years.  Let's hope they don't try to do New England ever again in the future.  The chowder was terrible.  The RI style calamari was a joke.  There were literally 5 pieces of squid on the plate (and no lemon).  After those, I was too scared to order any of the other regional dishes.On my first visit, very shortly after they had opened, a friend ordered a Mai Tai right off the specialty drink menu.  It was served to her and she immediately noticed it was the wrong color.  "Where's the dark rum?"  "Oh we ran out of dark rum so I just put some more light rum in it."  Note to bartender - if someone orders a drink and you don't have the right ingredients, ask if they would mind a substitution.  My bet is that they might order something different.Later in the month on the second trip, we tried to order the crab mac and cheese.  Nope, sorry, out of crab mac and cheese.  So instead I ordered the Chop Salad.  Amazingly, it didn't have pine nuts and the smoked salmon somehow turned into grilled salmon.  By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.  Rather than attempt to fix the situation, the bartenders and servers all started to ignore us.  Finally the manager came over and I explained to him that what I had received in the Chop Salad wasn't anywhere close to what was described on the menu.  He literally asked me, "Oh, are you in the business?"  No, I just happen to be able to read, and I just happen to know what I'm eating.  He explained that they've been very busy and therefore had run out of lots of things.  Note to manager - smoked salmon, pine nuts, crab mac and cheese, and dark rum are not rare, exotic ingredients.  You run out of something, you go buy more.  Or you explain to customers that what they ordered isn't what they will get.  Apparently he didn't like hearing that there are some people that know the difference, and he started to treat us in a very condescending manner.  I'm not the douchebag here, buddy.  Clearly, YOU are the douchebag.  If you don't know how to run a restaurant, don't become a restaurant manager.  Simple.Oh, lest I forget.  We had actually ordered 2 chop salads after being told that they counted under the 2-for-1 entrees grand opening special.  When we got the check, we had to have the bartender remove one of the salads as we were charged for both.  Almost got us, Regions.  Almost got us.Since my group was in a small rush to get to the La Bocca Yelp event, the manager - Keith? Kyle? Kevin? - offered to buy us a round if we came back later.  Not ones to ever refuse free alcohol, we did return later in the night after the yelp event.  And we brought lots of friends - our group of 5 turned into 11, all ready and willing to give Regions our business.  Lo and behold, the manager didn't comp us a round of drinks, even though we made it clear that's why we had returned and we were wiling to stay there if shown some love.  All he had to do was take the 5 kamikaze shots off the bill and it might have made up for the rest of the night.  Guess not.  Well done.  Love the honesty.In conclusion:  food sucks, service sucks, management SUCKS.  But it benefits from a great location, so I'll probably wind up giving it another chance when in Tempe/Mill Ave.
Prettyyyyyy prettyyyyyy prettyyyyyy good! Everything that's been said about the chicken and waffles is pretty much on point.  Went here for breakfast and in addition to the chicken and waffles, I had the breakfast fries (chili cheese fries topped with an egg and green onions) which were fraggin' awesome.  Opted for the sweet tea this time, and wasn't as sweet as I had expected but still good.
This review is only for eating lunch at the in store restaurant.  I got back from my rounds just in time for a customer from out of town to suggest we go to lunch.  He had been here several times and suggested it.  We placed our orders, he had the half chicken combo and I ordered the chicken fajita combo, then went and got our drinks.  I couldn't pass up the horchata which I think is one of the better ones around.  We selected a table and waited, and waited.  After what seemed like quite a while we went back to the counter and were told they were out of chicken fajitas for the day so they had just held up both our meals and not called out to us.  What???  Anyway I changed my order to enchiladas and we got our food fairly quickly after that.  My lunch ended up not coming with the tortillas or the salad that is supposed to come with the combos but I had plenty to eat as it was.  The enchiladas were filled with crema fresca and topped with green sauce and were ok and the beans were topped with cotija cheese.  At $4.99 each the meals were a good value, too bad about the service as I took off a star for it.
What a freakin' huge organ!  That's what she said.Anyway, If I lived here, I probably wouldn't come to the Organ Stop on a regular basis since it really is more for tourists, children, or geriatrics.  However, as someone visiting the area, this was definitely worth checking out!  When the organ plays, it's too loud to have a conversation, but this was fine for me as the people in our group were mostly boring anyway.The pizza isn't great, but it's relatively inoffensive and cheap, if anything.  All you need to know is that this is an incredibly unique place to bring a group of out-of-towners (or maybe people on ecstasy).
Let's be honest, there is hardly any meat I won't eat. Ok, liver sucks. Anyway, just because I love meat doesn't mean I am not evolved enough to eat at a vegetarian restaurant. I'd heard great things about Green & went there with my vegetarian friend.The food was great. I even loved the mock chicken. Do I know what the mock chicken is made of? No, and I don't care. It was good.They have these shakes that are made without milk which is awesome, because I'm allergic to cow's milk. It was huge, delicious, & there was no way I could finish it. Am I going to turn vegetarian after eating there? Not a chance, but I will for sure go back & eat some more fake meat. Told you I loved meat...even fake meat. ;O
This smoothie queen really enjoys her Smoothie King. In fact, at one time, we were quite the couple. I lived around the corner from this one, and you couldn't keep me away from his royal juices. So sweet. So ripe. So. So. Well, um....so blended. Yea, blended. Add a shot of wheat grass? Sure, why not. It will only make me friskier Smoothie King. What? A shot of triple Vitamin C. Bring it your majesty. I shall have increased stamina. And while your at it, throw in a bag of those all natural peanut butter filled pretzels. And while I'm waiting I'll peruse your homeopathic book, the size of an armchair, and get the latest on colon cleansing, liver detox and why your poop should be in the shape of an "s". Thank you Smoothie King. For making this smoothie queen feel like a young, healthy princess once again!
Morning Glory (along with the Farm Kitchen, the other more casual dining spot at the Farm at South Mountain) re-opened on September 9th after being closed for the summer. We missed being able to go there for breakfast, but on the other hand, would not have been happy or comfortable sitting outside with a hot breakfast in the broiling Phoenix sun and my thighs sticking to the plastic chair. Right. So, it's a good idea that they close for the summer. But I digress. I have three reasons for my update: 1. The Monte Cristo sandwich was still delicious (those farm-fresh eggs and cheese are so good!), but the bread that was so crispy and artisan last time was soggy and too syrupy this time. Note to chefs: the bread is what makes the sandwich complete, so get it right. 2. The chicken fried steak (served with creamy gravy and rosemary potatoes and topped with one of their delicious, farm-raised eggs) was ridiculously good. The batter was light and crispy and the gravy was the perfect creamy and pepper complement. Try it. You won't regret it. 3. When the server offers you a muffin or pastry after taking your order, don't accept unless you want to pay $2.50 for it. We fell for that trick and ended up paying for an orange muffin that was ok but kind of filled us up before we got to the good stuff. Definitely still amazing, and definitely still worth checking out. I don't think the lunch spot (Farm Kitchen) is as delicious, so if you're only going to pick one of the two, definitely try Morning Glory. Of course, you could also opt for Quiessence, the formal restaurant at the Farm, which I still haven't tried but hear is awesome. A sign at the Farm said they are now open for lunch and afternoon snacks. But, again, I digress.
I'M SO HAPPY FOOTBALL SEASON IS HERE!and i practically live here... at native ny'er.no, i'm not a regular here because this is the best sports bar in town... and no, it's not because they have amazing food or anything.it just happens to be located across the street from where i live, and tragically (yes, tragically) arizona NEVER televises my NINERS or GIANTS games, so i'm forced to set up camp here like some deranged sports lunatic. i can only imagine what the staff thinks of me. i've shown up with my 2 yr old nephew in tow, with out of town friends, my brother, a gaggle of girlfriends, a rowdy group of guy friends, even a date or two. i even stopped in once by myself because i HAD to see the NY jets/eagles preseason game on my lap top. (yes, i bought the Preseason Pass on NFL.com, soooo worth it) i probably could have watched the game on my lap top at home, but didn't want to.so here's my take on their food. it's bar food. it does the job. the wings are too bready, but the beer is always cold. the bartenders are the best of the best. i forget his name, but one of the bartenders is really hilarious. he tells the funniest stories and always remembers exactly what i drink. bonus points for a heavy pour.and the best part... besides that it's cave-like dark and has about a million massive TV's? the arctic-blasting air conditioning! is always turned WAY UP. seriously, on a 112 degree day, it feels like heaven. they do have a nice patio area with misters, but it's still been way too hot to sit out there. perhaps now with the temps dropping and fall approaching, the patio will be a great place to watch games. we'll see.yeah so, if you're ever looking for me and can't seem to find me, odds are i'll be here. at the bar. like some crazed sports chick, clutching my beer and yelling at the TV.ok this review must come to an abrupt end. the patriots/bengals game is starting, i gotta go. GO PATS!
So just in case this is the first review you've read about this place, let me be the one to tell you - it's vegan. Not vegetarian (no meat, but eggs and dairy), but vegan. And several of their dishes are mock - made to resemble normal meat dishes (hot dogs, burgers, chicken, etc.). I know that right there either turns people on or off. Me, I dig it. My freezer's stocked with Boca, Morning Star, Quorn and Gardenburger products. That said, not all of their mock products work. While I love heir Spicy Buffalo Wings, Crab Puffs, Vegan Chili Fries and Mum's Meatball Po-boy, I was disappointed with the No Harm Chicken Parm Sandwich and the Vegan Hot Dogs. Haven't built up the courage to try their pizzas just yet - my previous experience with vegan cheese hasn't been all that great. But I'm sure I'll get around to it eventually, I stop by for lunch with my meat-eating friends at least once a month. But don't worry, mock isn't all they have to offer. They've also got tofu - a Spicy Peanut Tofu appetizer as well as a good variety of noodle and rice bowls.And it's a pretty cool place - I really dig the decor, from the Volkswagen doors along an entire wall to the local art work.
Lovely, lovely, lovely. Set in a pretty little old house just two blocks off Mill Avenue, House of Tricks has that sunny garden vibe that's all too rare here in Tempe.When I want to ditch the office for a leisurely lunch (all too rare these days), House of Tricks is my hands-down favorite spot. A glass of wine, a shady spot in the garden, a gourmet sandwich or salad and some gossip with a friend. Perfect. Lunch at Tricks gets five stars, easy. But Tricks has two downsides:- Closed on Sundays, when I most want to pair my pedicure afternoon with a fancy lunch and pretend I'm a lady.- Dinner is only good, not great -- and it's very pricey (entrees alone range from around $20 to $35).Go for the atmosphere. Go for the sun-filled patio. But if you ask me, just go for lunch.
I went to Fresh Mint tonight for dinner with meetup.com's Vegetarian Society of Phoenix.  It was my first time, and I will definitely be going back.Our party was over 20 people and the owners were very gracious.  Everyone seemed to like what they ordered.  I heard the Sweet and Sour soup was good.  Other favorites were the Kung Pao Soy "Chicken", Curry Apple Tofu, Vegetarian Black Pepper "Steak", Lemongrass Tofu, and the Golden Curry Vegetables with Tofu.I had the Golden Curry with brown rice, and it was wonderful.  The sweet potatoes in it were a treat.  I thought the portions were good sized.  I have leftovers for tomorrow.I was too full for dessert, but when I go back I will try something.  I'm already planning my next trip to Scottsdale!Do not accept American Express.  Not a big deal for me, just wanted to mention it.
Used my @BoldBajaFresh @Groupon for lunch today.I've always been a fan a Baja Fresh, and ate there quite often in CA.The distance to the closest one here in AZ is excessive for regular visits.I don't really know that they are worth reviewing, per se, but I wanted to relate my experience today at this particular location.The chips we were given seemed stale to both my g/f and I. The manager took my old chips, and grabbed a new bag to hand me.Rather than proceed with that action, he also discarded them, and informed me he would make up a new batch, and deliver a double order to our table.They came out hot and fresh, and delicious!It was a nice display of customer service, an increasingly rare trait these days.Thanks!
Food is average, not at all a value for the price. My steak had almost no flavor. Service was average. The waitress wasn't as friendly as her cowboy hat and boots led me to believe she'd be, nor was she very attentive.They were mostly able to accommodate my food allergies.  The rice has butter, the corn is pre-buttered and for whatever reason I wasn't able to sub fries for my rice, but whatever.  The steamed veggies I had were good, and obviously way healthier than fries anyway.But this place earns its two stars based on the fun "extras": a slide that our kids loved, a kids menu that doubles as a hat that looks like bull horns, a guy that makes balloon animals, a band (that happened to play some of my fave Willie Nelson & Johnny Cash songs), and a spectacular view (really, all of this is where the money goes when you buy that $15 cheeseburger).A few final words about the bull at the entrance: Really, the last thing I want to see before I eat a meal of beef is a sad, lonely bull lying in a little pen that stanks of bullshit.
Rocks, paper, scissors...choose rocks..cuz thier jynormous tortillas rock! Not to mention their machaca...plus every other thing I have ever had there...I like the South location the best, but Cactus will do when heading North.
I had coupons from the Entertainment Book, so thought, what the heck I'm always down for a deal. However, I don't think I'll be returning to this location. The high school age girls working here had serious attitude both times I went. My fiance asked if the peanut butter sauce was good and she just stared at him and said, "I guess". For the price, the two sundaes we got were so small. There was no outside seating. There are so many local ice cream shops around town, like Udder Delights, that are so much better (service, value, taste) that we have no need to go here again.
"Have you ever had the chile relleno at Tee Pee?" Our server crouched down by our table to get eye level with the friend who'd ordered it. She had not. None of us had. "So it's a bit different," he explained. Something about 6 egg whites and an egg yolk. Something about half a basketball. She went ahead and ordered it anyway. Only our server and the pictures (I'll post one) can decently describe it. But he had it right on the nose.Around the table, we had enchiladas (the Presidential Special that George W. Bush ate when he visited - holla!), some (very good) pepper beef thing recommended by the server, and the chile relleno. Everyone left stuffed, well-treated (Portland, Oregon has NOTHING on Arizona for polite and attentive service), and generally entertained. Mostly on account of the basketball dish, and the signed celebrity photos everywhere.Tee Pee is what our Phoenix hostess calls a hole-in-the-wall, but it's the kind of hole that leaves you filled to the brim. So there's that.
I am from Wisconsin.  Every steakhouse in Northern Wisconsin looks, feels, and acts just like this one.  So I apologize if my review is tainted.  In summary, great meat, with little else.The service was average, the food (in this case, the sides): average, the atmosphere...ugh.I'll just wait to experience this...at half the price...next time I am visiting Wisconsin.
Imagine a Filliberto's sized menu selection, even larger, without the searing stomach pains post-meal. Throw in authentic southwestern Mexican dishes served quickly and a great bakery with a huge variety of fresh Mexican sweets and this place deserved five stars hands down. The menu selection is huge and won't break the bank.My favorite items are the tamales (pork)with the green sauce, gorditas (gf's favorite), nopales (that's cactus and any self respecting southwestern Mexican restaurant will serve these) and the Mexican sweet breads (not brains, yuck). The food comes fast and my orders have always been right. There is a salsa bar that's always stocked. It's a dine in or take out establishment with no servers. There is also a small butcher, or carneceria, inside for finding cuts of meat for making fajitas or other tastey things at home.Not a date place but perfect if you're looking for something with a couple of friends that will fill you up and not break the bank. It's on 12th Street and Van Buren so be aware of the area. I've lived in Central or South Phoenix my whole life so I'm used to it (aka my hood). It's open for bf, lunch & dinner. I've only had the latter two but they were muy yummy. Oh and also I've seen that Super Burrito and it would feed a small village ... seriously. Also, even if you're taking it to go, wander over to the dining side while you're waiting the murals on the wall are funny.
I love hooters for the fresh chickens.The wings aren't bad, either!I order mine bone-in, naked, and hot. The wings, that is. If the waitresses didn't have to wear those creepy nylons as part of the uniform, and had bare legs instead, I'd give Hooters 5 stars.
Went here for dinner with the hubby on a Friday night - it was really empty which is a bummer because the hotel this is located in as well as this restaurant space have changed owners/names/styles/etc... like 4 times in the 5 years I have lived in AZ. Sadly, this may be the destiny of Saguaro and Distrito as well.  The hotel is weird . This isn't a review of the hotel, but since you walk through it to get to the restaurant I thought I would mention how it really distracts from the fun decor and vibe of Distrito. The color scheme is just cheap looking, like they are trying too hard to be funky.  There is no comparison to Valley Ho so why bother trying. Distrito - really what what a fun design. Very Nacho Libre without being to cheesy and/or featuring wrestling masks on the wall.  I liked the vibe it has the right noise level for a chill happy hour or dinner.I want to address a few things I read in somewhat negative reviews here on Yelp.  Most of the negative remarks seem to stem from a complete misunderstanding of what small plates means.  Tapas/small plates are just that. Small plates of food. Our server was very clear on this, so I'm not getting why someone would complain about the portion size.  Our server recommended 2-3 dishes per person.  We ordered 7 items and ended up taking at least 2 home, so he was pretty dead on.  I get that its a little pricey, but its a restaurant in a hotel in Scottsdale, so if you didn't expect that you probably shouldn't be eating here. The quality was A++ and worth the price. Also, lots of moaning about slow service.  Tapas/small plates meals are meant to be savored, and such a great chance to try a varierty of flavors. The dishes were nicely spaced out, and all in all I think we spent about 1 hr 45 minutes there.  My only feedback as far as service is that the drinks came out super slow, but other then that our server was very attentive.The drinks are bomb. I had a pineapple margarita that is probably top 3 margaritas I have ever had, and trust me this girl likes her tequila. $13 was a little steep, but again for a hotel restaurant not much of a surprise.  If they have a special on these for happy hour I could definitely toss more then a few back. The food was delicious and flavorful.  We started with guac and the Octopus ceviche. Both were fresh and tasy, and the guac had just the right amount of heat. The ceviche was the only dish that I felt was shockingly small. Maybe 6-7 pieces the size of a large paperclip. I wanted more!   I ordered the mahi mahi tacos, which we street taco sized ( again, server descibed the size well as we ordered). The mahi was lightly fried and the baja sauce was so yummy. Since America is totally disenchanted about the size of an adequate meal, I can see why people complain the size, but after the guac, ceviche, and marg I was stuffed but the time I put away the last taco. If you want a huge taco go to Filabertos. Tell them Hi for me and thanks for the raging case of food poisoning I got from my last visit there.  Hubs had carnitas tacos, duck queso fundido (yes - duck meat in queso - genius!looked so good) and a half roast chicken. They all looked amazing ( no meat for this girl so looky no touchy) and he ended up taking the chicken home.  We shared the ejotes (green beans) and they were flavorful and fresh.We ended the night with the churros with crema and spicy choc sauce. I was stuffed but I have a minor obsession with cinnamon/sugar desserts so had to try them. I brought a few home and they were tasty reheated in the oven. I wanted to pour the vanilla crema all over my husband (hey, we're newlyweds ok?) and do very bad things with it but I resigned myself to dipping the churros in it. I am a chocolate lover so for me to ignore the mexican choc sauce in favor of vanilla, trust me its good.Can't wait to go back here - granted at $130 for a Friday night dinner it was pricey, but we totally overordered and indulged. Will be back for happy hour and special occaisions as long as this gem is able to stick around.
This location has the WORST service I have ever seen. I mean, I know people make mistakes once or twice, but EVERY time I eat here something goes wrong. I've had food not given to me that I paid for, really terribly cooked food, and order mess-ups all at this location in just the past few times I've been here. Come on, really, you work at a FAST FOOD place. How hard can your job be? The only reason I keep returning here is because its right near my apartments but it looks like from now on I'll be going out of my way to go to the location on University.
Giddy up boys and girls!This is a fun, casual evening spot to grab drinks (& food) with your friends. From hanging out at the bar, the spacious patio with stone fire pit, or at any of the oversized wooden tables... you will recieve prompt and friendly service.  Drinks are well poured. Had a few too many drinks and want to ride the bull? It makes for great entertainment for those like me who love people watching anyways.This place is definitely a 'high energy, rock-western experience'.*please note, this is a review of Saddle Ranch as a spot to hang out, the food has not been tested by yours truley*
I have to give these guys the highest marks. I have been eating a no sugar, no flour diet for a while now (eating like a caveman!), so I am used to getting the weird and annoyed looks when I ask what is in the food or salad dressing. But I have to say these guys at Smashburger must have a corporate culture that teaches... "make the customer happy" and do it in a "happy way". Everyone from top to bottom went out of there way to get my questions answered and give me sugestions on how to order to accommodate my eating style.  The food was good and fresh, and since they moved in right across the parking lot from my office, I will be eating there a lot. They gave me a hint that you might want to try, if you want to avoid the salad dressing ask for the Smash Sauce (olive oil they use for the fries) that has some herbs already in it, then use the fresh lemon slices and make your own dressing. Way to go Smashburger!
Very Americanized restaurant! Service was fine, but I didn't feel comfortable enjoying food. The spring rolls came out as a big disappointment to me, it was even smaller than my 2 fingers! I didn't order the Pho, but I came up with Papaya salad which was also a waste: too sour (too much lime juice) and not even tasty!I'd prefer more authentic Vietnamese restaurant with decent prices! This probably is a suitable place for Americans, but I'm sorry, not for me! I'd prefer Pho All Seasons or Pho Ao Sen - much better!Well, gotta try it at least once anyway!
We had a groupon for Taberna and decided on a whim to use it last night. I was really craving a good margarita. I didn't know what to expect since the reviews were mixed but I was pleased for the most part.When we got there on a busy Friday night, there was a 15 minute wait. So we got a couple drinks at the bar. The female bartender wasn't the warm and fuzzy type, but she did make some killer margaritas. My husband had their specialty margarita, served up. It was sooo smooth and delicious and definitely tasted premium. I had a cilantro/jalapeno margarita. It was very good but didn't have as much of the cilantro and  jalapeno flavor that I was expecting. Both margaritas packed a good punch. We were pleasantly buzzed by the time our table was ready. Although they were a bit pricy I would much rather spend $9 on an excellent margarita then $5 on a watered down, crappy one.Our service started out good. The chips and salsa were very good. The plantains and yucca chips were a unique and tasty touch. After taking our order, our server asked if we want some guacomole along with our chips. We politely declined and I detected a bit of an eyebrow raise from our server. After returning to bring us straws for our water, I placed an order for a glass of sangria and also let her know that we had a groupon. Although the change in her behavior wasn't drastic it was definitely there. We were then often forgotten the rest of the night. We waited about a full 10 minutes for water refills. And my sangria took about 20 minutes. She apologized to me saying that my order was placed last in the big drink order. Whatever. The food was very good. Portion sizes much smaller than what I'm used too with Mexican food. However, if you imagine most of the entrees as small plates and order a few sides or appetizers, it will be more than enough. I ordered the chili relleno with a side of the poblano potatoes. (Most entrees don't come with sides of anything- another downside.) The chili relleno was stuffed with veggies and cheese. It was much lighter than the cheesy battered rellenos I'm used to. But it was very good. The poblano potatoes were SUBLIME. Everyone must try them! My husband ordered the scallop and pork belly tacos. He was a little thrown off by the size (four bite size tacos) but luckily tacos come with rice and beans. He thought they were very good. Overall we thought the food was very good. A modern twist on Mexican. However we were disappointed by the service. This has happened before to us with Groupons. I think servers feel that just because we have a Groupon we will be cheap, when we actually tip 25% on average. In fact, when the server brought us our bill she said "Congratulations!" because it was under $1 with our Groupon. Maybe she was just trying to be funny but I wasn't amused. But we still gave her a damn good tip on the original bill, well over 20%.
I finally talked my husband, the picky eater, into going to Palatte for breakfast.  I was pleased to discover that they now have a wait staff to come to your table and take your order.  Well, I was pleased until I got my food.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anywhere near as good as I remembered from my first visit.  My husband's scrambled eggs were slimy and my potato mish mash had a puddle of uncooked egg slime underneath.  The side of potatoes was barely browned, if at all, and my bread seemed a bit dried out and not toasted.I'm wondering if the owner's had to forego quality in the kitchen to appease the whiners who didn't want to stand in line.  If so, I say get rid of the waiters, I'd gladly stand in line for better quality food.At least the prices are still decent.
So, the Vig and I are unlikely friends ... but we get along real nicely despite our glaring differences.It has the facade of an old Motor Inn Lodge, found somewhere deep in the Midwest, complimented by a spacious sun patio and a bocce court.  Yet it has the modern opulence you would expect in Arcadia.  When the Vig combines the two, you get dap cocktails and wine in the most comfortable and inviting surroundings. In my opinion, the Vig is the best place in the Valley to day drink, especially on a lazy Sunday when you can sit up on the bar, feast on their Posole, drink Mechiladas (which they will make upon request), and venture out into the warm sun after working up a chill in their cavernous interior.  They also have half-price wine on Sundays.I also must mention that their staff is probably the most friendly group of people out of any bar I've been in around the valley.
This is my favorite deli in Phoenix. Two words: Vermont Treat. (Made with Maple Glazed Ham, Pinenuts, Spinach, Sliced Apples, Duck and Decanter's Famous Cheddar Cheese Spread on Multigrain.)I like this place because I always know what I want (see above), and anyone I bring with me can always find something that fits their tastes, too. For the indecisive bunch, Duck & Decanter offers a list of signature sandwiches with the ingredients already listed. And for the pickier, er, more decided folks, D&D can make custom sandwiches, too -- you can choose your bread, meat, and toppings.The ready-made pastas and other sides here are delicious, too, but I rarely get them, because their sandwiches are already so filling!**Helpful Hint: You must, must, must either beat the lunch crowd or postpone your visit until after the lunch hour, otherwise you'll be at the end of a very long line.**
Best of the BEST in food, ambiance, wait staff, drinks, and entertaiment and MORE! With out any doubt~my all time favorite! Thanks to Dennis Mastro and Scotty the owners, this city has gained it's class back once again.LOVE! LOVE! Now go there and see for yourselves!Debra Savittieri
I had craved for some greasy and fried foods.  I figured since I have a coupon and it was near my work; let's give SteakenBurger/Long Wongs a try. The joint is simple with two TV's on the wall and good amount of tables for the lunch crowd.  It wasn't crowded at 1PM.  It's probably never crowded.  I had ordered a combo regular original philly steak + mushrooms with Cheez Whiz ($7.24) with sub for mushroom ($1.75 extra) instead of fries, and small drink ($1.75).  I didn't get my mushroom, but got zucchini instead.  I didn't realize that they gave me zucchini until I took a bite.  As for the sandwich, no flavor at all, just the Cheez Whiz dripping all over.  I do give them having good ice teas.  The total of my combo was little over $11.00 with tax.  Ouch!  I am glad that I had a coupon to use.  I certainly had better philly steak sandwiches for that price.
Yes, it's true - their ice cream is amazing. They've been an award winning gelato store for 4 years in a row (02-06) for a reason.The only negative thing is that the smell of chlorine in this store is overwhelming :( Get your gelato fast and run!Update 09/08/2007 I haven't noticed any smell of chlorine lately. Hopefully, most of the germs were killed during previous disinfection raids ;)
This place is as exciting as going to Disneyland if you're not used to Hispanic markets! The sights, the smells, the lights, the colors, and the chaos had my head whipping back and forth all evening. We started off with dinner in the cafe inside the market - just $5.99 for 3 street tacos, beans, and rice - and it totally filled me up. I washed it down with a Mexican coke in a glass bottle and it took me back to my childhood to the days before corn syrup became the norm. After eating, we took our time perusing the aisles and examining the foods foreign to us. They have a beautiful produce department and the prices were great on both the more exotic items like fresh papaya's to the staples like tomatoes and lettuce. The meat department is a carnivore's dream come true. Loads of fresh ground beef, pork, and poultry at very fair prices. I had to laugh at the ground pork in the glass case and wish I'd brought my camera. The butcher shaped it into a pig head - complete with a snout - and put cucumber slices for eyes. Not something I'd expect to see at my local gringo Fry's.Shopping here was a real cultural experience tonight and I can't wait to tuck into the treats we brought home!
I have been to this location a few times.  When you have a child it's almost unavoidable.  I must say that this location is nice, clean and the employees are friendly and helpful.  My sister and I took my daughter here for lunch as a birthday treat and she had a great time playing the games.  The employee who was working at the prize counter was very patient with the kids even when it got busy.  The food is average but they have a great lunch buffet.  Pizza and salad, all you can eat.  Adults are just $4.99 and kids are $3.99.  Good deal!
I go to this AJ's on occasion for a coffee and a muffin, and sometimes I'll do a little grocery shopping too.  But one thing I don't miss at this AJ's location and the others is the cookies.I just cannot resist taking a perfectly baked oatmeal raisin cookie from the self-serve case and munching on every last scrumptious morsel as I do my grocery shopping.  I try to remember to pay for it when I cash out, but I can't promise I do it every time.  Please, don't report me to the cookie police!AJ's carries beautiful fresh produce, flowers, meat, seafood, and gourmet items too. Yes - the prices at AJ's can be pretty high, but treat yourself every now and then like I do... and don't miss those oatmeal raisin cookies when you go!
My wife goes here ever chance she get, but I refuse to go with her. Coffee deserves 5 stars but the chick behind the counter is so rude. I refuse to spend money at a place that lets it indie hipster staff treat regular Joe's like my self rudely.
Ok so, I'm not a crazy dessert person, but I love food. However when approached with tasty treats only to find out that they were Vegan, lets just say I was a bit skeptical. I mean I'm not Vegan, I'm not going to pretend that I understand Vegans either, I like meat and stuff that taste good. This of course is all coming from the random thought that everything Vegan is yuck. Trying Treehouse was like getting slapped in the face as a kid, being told not to make fun of the ginger, because well.. he can't help it. In other words all of my misconception of Vegans eating this gross alien food went straight out of the window. I mean damn you people actually do have taste buds. I've actually come to the conclusion that I like Treehouse's vegan peanut butter cookies better than regular ones. Not to mention the non-cheesecake, this one was a mountain for me let me tell you. Thinking gross gross gross, how can you have no dairy in CHEESECAKE!? Well as my other eye opening taste-bud-tacular experience, the non-cheesecake hit a home run by the first bite, second, third.... damn it I ate the whole thing. Anywho you get my point. As a non Vegan, meat eating, cheese loving, son of a bitch, I fully recommend you try Treehouse bakery, because damn that shit is good!
well by now you probably read Rand H. rant about the way this place is laid out. Well i feel all the ranting should have been aimed at how great the food was.I would have been happy sitting out on the curb with a plate of this food.Everything i tried was good even the cream of wheat soup.There BBQ pork and creamy chicken dish left you wanting more. the only thing missing from this buffet was a seafood entree.no shrimp, fish, crab balls nothing!!! and a limited selection of sweets which i love. They had small chinese donuts, some fruit salad and these candied noodles that looked like shreaded carrots they were real crispy but not bad.Anyway if you ever pop in the Pink Pepper for a buffet i am sure you will leave happy and full.
I eat here at least once a week due to convenience and time, it's near my office. The service is uniformly excellent, the menu is basic but changes slightly almost daily and the prices are reasonable most of the time. They often have surprises at lunch on the specials menu and are very accommodating with changes, dietary restrictions and general fussiness that sometimes happens when everyone is on a diet. The GM Robin and Asst. Lise are a pleasure to deal with as well. Yes, it's a chain, and sometimes feels like it, but the beauty of chains is a dependable level or service and consistent value and food quality, they deliver on all three.
Woah...I had no idea this restaurant was even in existence until a few days ago. I am a big fan of Thai food and I have to say this place is amazing. I have high standards for Thai food, so for me to give this place 5 stars says something. My boyfriend and I ordered the veggie fried eggrolls, the vegetarian pad thai, and the vegetarian red curry. All dishes were excellent. In fact, I had wished we had ordered even more food because it was all so good and we quickly ate up every last morsel of it. No leftovers is a good sign of a great restaurant! I will definitely be going back to this place and am so excited to find it close to my home in Verrado. We got take-away so I cannot review the service, although the cashier who took care of us was very friendly and nice. Highly recommend this place. Making my mouth water just writing this review. :)
Don't even bother. This place is a ghost town with less than bright servers.
I LOVE Sierra Bonita! Here is my list of reasons to love this place: 1. Happy Hour- 1/2 off apps and awesome drink specials 2.  Mini Quesadillas. I am addicted to these things!! I had never had huitlacoche (a fungus that grows on ears of corn) until now. Try them, you will not be disappointed! The bacon wrapped shrimp are awesome as well. Honestly, there is nothing that I have had here that I did not like. 3. Great drinks! The sangria is very tasty and Kenny's margaritas are the among the best I've ever had. 4. Fabulous patio complete with cozy fireplace. I wish I could open my slider door and walk out to this everyday. The inside is dimly lit and intimate; great for a date night or an evening with friends. 5. The hottest server in the Valley works there- Kelton!  If you show up and Kelton is not working, leave immediately!!  I say this with a disclaimer- the absolute hottest server, my Nico, did work there, but sadly for many Valley women, quit some time ago.  So Kelton, the title now belongs to you my friend.6.  The service is supreme!  When we aren't honored with Kelton's presence, we are treated to great service by Julie, Kenny, Nate and all the other great  peeps at SB.We frequent Sierra Bonita almost weekly and for good reasons.  If you have wanted to try it and haven't, I encourage you to go this weekend!  This place will soon be your home away from home...it's certainly ours!
This place has great food and great prices.A nice change from the typical Scottsdale fair and not your typical "hole in the wall" restaurant. It is clean, the staff is friendly, always the same guys there.The menu is large, serving both traditional Mexican food as well as Burgers and fries and combinations of both.The portions are big and the prices are small.Everything tastes fresh and great.FYI- The place is packed at lunch time with high school kids. There is usually a place to sit, but for whatever reason (the food, perhaps?), it seems to be the new daytime hangout.
Skip this place http://www.redmountainteaparty.com/actionitems/517meeting.htmlDisgusting
First of all, take away the Scottsdale from this place. Please! Take away the snobbery, the over-priced designer schwag, the rippling muscles reeking with insecurity and the overly obnoxious chicks with Daddy issues... and well, you have a Lyte Lounge I'd be happy to frequent. First off, I'm not a drinker of cocktails. But, Lyte does offer some tasty beers - like Peroni, Pilsner Urquell, Newscastle, Stella... so, there are definitely options! I like the decor - the art on the walls, the invitation for the resident artist to paint during the night. I like the high-back horse-shoe white booths. I like the open floor. I like the bar area, which warps back to the private lounge. I like the patio, which has an outdoor bar and fireplace. I even like the bathrooms - clean! Most of all, I like the "Wii Lounge" there - available in a sort of "private" lounge area, elevated and tucked in the corner, overlooking the rest of the patrons. Yes, I could easily like this place. I mean, the music offers a wide variety. When I was there, I heard a singer/songwriter, a band playing "big band" style tunes and a DJ throwing down some serious dance tracks. I liked the music very much so! (Some would say it has an identity crisis, but I prefer to look at is as VARIETY!)But, let's face it, this is still a Scottsdale lounge. And for that reason alone (because we all know what a Scottsdale lounge is and what kind of people it attracts), I HIGHLY doubt I'll ever go back. Too bad... because I could see myself really, really liking this place. I think the ONE AND ONLY TIME I'd come here is earlier in the evening (around 8:30) before heading to my final destination, whatever they may be. But, let's be real. Am I really going to go out to Lyte Lounge before heading someplace else? That's doubtful.But, for all those in favor of a night out in Scottsdale, this is a good place to stop. It's right next to Crown Room and lends itself to a short walk to other places, like Drift or Myst. Not a bad place to be, if you're a bar/lounge trying to make it in the Snottsdale Circuit.
Watched the clip on triple D and REALLY wanted to like it, but I have to agree with another re viewer's assessment that this place should be called over-rated.   Checked it out last weekend with the BF.  Half order of Banana-Pecan french toast, side of hash.  My French toast was completely deflated in the center by the time it got to me.  The tiny bits of banana  were not sufficient for the portion of toast. The sauce, eh...nothing special.   Hash was under seasoned and my BF reported the CF steak could use some help as well.   Maybe we just ordered their 2 worst dishes, but I'm not willing to go back and try anything else.  Positives were the service was fast and friendly and the wait really wasn't that long, even for the weekend.
I have spent many a lovely evening at The Parlor. There is no better way to describe the vibe of the place than "cool". The servers are so trendy that it makes me want to ask them to be my friends. The atmosphere is funky and perfect for a date or time out with friends. I've been for lunch and dinner and both were fabulous. I especially love their herb garden outside the restaurant! The Parlor's menu is not my favorite (not their fault at all...I'm way too picky), but the food that I do order is always fresh and delicious. They switch it up on a regular basis, but some of their risotto is amazing. I also LOVE their Hibiscus Lemonade! I went in recently and ordered a margherita pizza minus the tomatoes (yes, I order margherita pizzas wherever I can). The server brought me my pizza with tomatoes all over it. I was not too thrilled, but didn't want to complain. She immediately noticed the disappointment on my face and realized she had made a mistake. I wouldn't let her make me a new one because it really wasn't that big of a deal. Nonetheless, at the end of the meal my server brought me a certificate for a free pizza during my next visit. When I thanked her I believe her exact words were, "I've seen you guys in here before, I know you're here a lot...I want to make sure you're happy. We definitely want you back." How sweet was that?! Her attitude and attentiveness made me want to come back even sooner.See you there!
I've been a fan of Restaurant Mexico since I first tried it in 1997.  This is no Chevy's (gasp), Arriba's (no thank you) or Macayo's (hey, they have good... margaritas).  AND THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT.This is REAL Mexican food  (Mexico City style) served with a smile.  If you have a bad attitude, don't come here.  If your idea of a burrito is melted cheddar and refried beans in a flour tortilla, stay away.  If you're a snob... well... maybe you should do some introspection.Restaurant Mexico serves authentic food which is not too heavy, not too spicy and not too pricy.  My recommendations?  Get the chicken enchiladas with green sauce and a side of whole beans.  This is my go-to dish.  If you're not concerned about lard, go ahead and get the refried beans.  DH SWEARS by them and has cravings for them... often!Go to Restaurant Mexico for an authentic experience.  You won't be wowed by the decor.  You won't be stuffed beyond belief from American-sized portions.  You will not find the more familiar Sonoran style Mexican food here.  But you WILL have a good meal.  BONUS: If you have small kids, they even have an assortment of little toys/figurines your child can play with while you eat.
Walking distance to Chase Field makes this a popular destination. The Mexican food is very good, the drinks are cheap, they have a huge outdoor patio, a large bar area, and you can wobble over to the ballgame when you're finished.If you get here early enough you can park in their own private lot for free.
If you truly appreciate the purity and Zen-line qualities of sushi, then you're in for the best upscale ethnic experience the Valley has to offer.  I'm by no means a foodie or culinary expert.  Take me to a fancy French restaurant and I'm lost.  Bring me to Sea Saw and everything just makes perfect sense.  One gets the impression that painstaking care went into each dish that comes out.  It's hard to take a bite that doesn't leave you pondering the reasoning that went into the ingredients chosen... the multi-layered sensory overload that comes from the layers of taste... the absolute artistic genius that brings the flavor together to create a near Japanese masterpiece.This Old Town space is small so make sure to reserve at least a week or two in advance.  Be prepared to spend some money -- tasting w/ wine is $125 (yet very highly recommended!).  For the past 3 years the tasting has been my birthday dinner.  This year I'm headed to The French Laundry and until then (and maybe after), this restaurant ranks as my world favorite.
We were excited to see a Chinese place close to our house since we love Chinese food.  When we walked in it looked like a nice place and very open.  The service was fine, but when we got our food that was another story.  I ordered the Chow Mien and my wife got the Orange Chicken.  The chow mien was pretty bad it was very greasy and just didn't  seem right.  My wife said her Orange Chicken was alright but she said she wouldn't order again.  We didn't think too bad of the place when we left, but that night we were both sick to our stomaches.  We have no desire to go back.
I love the ambiance in this place.  It is great for a group of friends or for a quiet date night.  Their wine selection is wonderful and the staff is extremely knowledgeable.  I don't go there to really eat all that often only because I am a vegetarian and their vegetarian selection is just OK.  Not that what I have had wasn't fantastic but there are better places to go for vegetarian dining.  Their brunch is fairly decent but a tad expensive.  What I enjoy most is the wine tastings (they have them every month).  Each time I go I learn something new about wine and have had the pleasure of tasting some unique and flavorful vino's.  I highly recommend Cheuvront!
I was trying to figure out why there are such different reviews for this place.  I was thinking that the bad reviews were from people who were used to corporate chains and processed foods.  I really got that wrong.If you are expecting Italy or Naples style food, you too will be greatly let down as I was.  I had several texts to warn me when I checked in here for dinner.  I should have listened.Pasta was overcooked.  Floating in a butter sauce, literally.  So much poor quality cheese on everything.  Pizza was like frozen style maybe before it was frozen.  Smothered in greasy cheese on a boring crust.We had 2 dinners and 2 pizzas.  We ate about 1/3 and felt sick from the heavy, cheesy, oily, buttery and greasy food.  I may have to have a cholesterol medication after this.  Even my dinner salad had about a cup of cheese pellets on top of it.  I've not seen mozzarella in this form before.  What is going on here?  Maybe I would have thought this was good when I was in my teens.  I think that this place has a lot going for it, but not it's food.
I teetered between 1 and 2 stars...I'm not sure what turned me off more: the guy (the cook, the owner? one in the same) who greeted me at the door in a white tee-shirt and sprouting chest hair (ala Simon Cowell, but decidedly NOT the pec-proud Idol Judge), the wobbly chair I was worried might break at any second, or the fact that it took more than 10 minutes to receive our drinks!Not a good start, to say the least.The pizza my friend ordered (the "Greek") was cold and "uninspired" and my calzone's crust was equally cold and bland--absolutely NO FLAVOR to the crust that supposedly cooks in a wood-fired oven, No burn marks, no crispness, nothing even approaching my favorite calzone from Cibo or Bianco in Downtown Phoenix.Unfortunately, the prices were as high as those other establishments, which seals the coffin on this place for me. Put it in the ground and bury it!
It seems like a cool idea, and as you park and see this unassuming building and begin the trek down the stairs it seems like it might be a cool night after all. Unfortunately, after that it is just ok. The service was ok, the food, some good, some not so great. I guess it is hard to expect great seafood this far from the ocean, but I have had better here in the valley.On top of that it is underground, so if you are unfortunate enough to go on a day Sally and Bob decide to bring their rug rats, (think acoustics and screaming children) the whole thing just sucks. It is also quite expensive for my taste. $100 for 2 people and no cocktails.
When I visit a place for a week I generally only eat at any given restaurant once so I can be sure to try as many places as possible.For Lo-Lo's, though, I had to make an exception; their soul food is too damn delicious for only one serving.I'm a big fan of the chicken and waffle combo, and was a regular at Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles former Oakland location. I hate to denigrate the original, but Lo-Lo's takes Roscoe's formula and runs away with it.First, their chicken is very, very good. Crispy skin, moist interior, just the right amount of spices. My only beef is I wish the pieces were slightly larger.Second, the waffles are excellent and topped with an enormous round of butter. Just they way they should be. Crisp, dripping with butter, delightful.Third, the sides... oh, lord, the sides. The collard greens are the best greens I've ever eaten, and I've had my fair share of good ones. Cooked perfectly, no bitterness. They make the south proud. The cheese grits are a bowl of cheesy, well cooked goodness and are not to be missed. The mac 'n' cheese was smooth, and bathing in cheese sauce (and did I detect some velveeta in the mix? oh, I believe I did! And this, my friends, is a very good thing), and the cheese eggs were fluffy and perfectly proportioned between eggs, cheese and onions.Finally, the red velvet cake is an absolute must-- no matter how stuffed you may be. If I could be encased in the frosting I would die a happy young lady.My only regret in going to Lo-Lo's was my lack of stomach capacity. Now I'll have to wait a year before I try their fish, peas, and other sumptuous looking offerings.Word to the wise-- as other reviewers have said, get there early. The folks who run Lo-Lo's are nice as can be and get your food to you in a hurry, but the place is small and it fills up quick. We were in by 10:30 on two separate weekdays and got the last available table both times. Otherwise, you're setting up outside in line. And while Lo-Lo's makes the waiting as nice as possible, with a shade tent and water, who wants to stand around drooling over the smells coming out of that kitchen?
I've never had a bad experience at this location until now. We walked in, waited with 2 other families for too long while all the employees ignored us. And when the hostess finally showed up, she looked like she'd rather have bamboo sticks stuck under her fingernails than seat us. Forget it! I had a bad feeling about how our meal would turn out, so we left.
Dolce Vita Coffee has grande caffe.  Also molto piacevole people who make your coffee with care.  Orgoglio=pride according to freetranslation.com.  You'll find it here.Even though this is a newer establishment I felt like the gentlemen preparing my espresso drink was old school.  Care was obviously taken with the preparation of the drink.  Ah, coffee as art form...fantastico!The atmosphere is neat and casual with outside seating.  They also have a small selection of gelato.  I'm not sure if the owners are from Italy but I would not be surprised to find out they are.Free wifi doesn't hurt either.Dolce Vita is located in the same shopping center as Sprouts, in the corner.
HIT AND MISS. MOSTLY MISS. GO FOR THE TUNA STARTER AND ORDER A DOUBLE PORTION; REAL HIT!THE FOOD-- tuna sashimi dish is great value, great flavors. order it.-- coconut rum with watermelon liqueur a winner, if only the bartender would remember to add the fruit. do you need a recipe book?-- hash with eggs arrives eggs-over-hard despite my instructions for easy-- toasted english muffin slathered with butter, but not toasted.-- chicken salad's chicken was bland except for the rub on the edge. boo.-- taco plate features raw, unprepared corn tortillas. yeah, i can pull one from the bag and dump something in it too! why would i pay for that?-- salsa too salty-- cole slaw just not interesting, ends up a plate filler. blech.THE DECOR-- hip sealed concrete, bulk tiki statues everywhere, and faux Eames chairs complete the hip look, framed by Green-Apple table shades and roll-up garage-door walls.-- designers kept the awesome hexagon street-facing window and high ceilings in the bar area. kudos.THE REST-- starting to develop a pet peeve for "sauces" delivered via ketchup squirter bottle atop my item or side dish. IT GOES UNDERNEATH THE ITEM OR NEXT TO IT! OR IMAGINE.... IN IT.-- no reservation taken unless you've got six in your party. BOO. be ready for 30-minute wait in summer when no one's sitting outside.
Where to go on a Saturday night, when you are craving some good steak, but Outback is played out, wallet's too thin for Morton's or Ruth's Chris, and the line at Texas Roadhouse is out the door?Logan's Steakhouse at the Chandler Fashion Center. I'd never been here before, though it's just a few minutes from my house, but I'm glad we gave it a shot, after driving all the way to Texas Roadhouse (TR) in Gilbert only to learn we'd have to wait at least 50 minutes to be seated. Very similar to TR (or exactly like it), the place is covered in peanut shells, and there are buckets of peanuts at every table. However, unlike TR, the place was slow, and we were seated immediately. First the service... The wait staff was very friendly and attentive, our glasses were always full, and our server came by to check on us regularly. I don't think I can say the same about the kitchen staff. Not sure where the communication or the process might have broken down, but it took ridiculously long for us to get our meals, though our salads came out immediately. As for the food... The salads were alright. nothing to write home about. We just got the side salad (house salad comprised of iceberg and romaine, tomatoes, cheddar cheese, shredded carrots, and some onions). Italian dressing for me, Balsamic Vinaigrette for the boyfriend.When we finally got our food, it was darn good though! I ordered the 6 oz. filet mignon, medium well, with a grilled vegetable skewer. The  boyfriend ordered the sirloin with the veggie and shrimp skewers, and a baked sweet potato. We both really enjoyed the meals. The steaks were perfection. The vegetables could have used a tad LESS seasoning/salt, but still tasty.We wrestled with the impulse to order their little Nutter Butter dessert -a mini version of their peanut bucket, full of chocolate mousse, fudge and nutter butter filling topped with whipped cream. It's only $1.99 and TINY. But we didn't order it... ya know, we're watching our figures.The manager and our server seemed to have noticed that our order took abnormally long to come out of the kitchen, and we were comped 50% off our entire bill. We still tipped our server on the full price of the meal, as it was certainly no fault of hers, and her service was great!The food was great, the service was great, and I honestly think the issue with the delay in getting our food was an isolated incident, not the norm. We'll definitely eat there again.
How can I politely say that all this place has is "chick food." I have been here several times, and tried their limited vegetarian options. I found that the one with the mos flavor was the grilled feta. The feta gave it a nice flavor however the basil was lacking as were the tomatoes. It was original to use a fresh cheese like feta for a grilled cheese.The meal includes chips and a side. I usually go for th pasta salad as it is the most filling. The flavor of the salad is bland and I usually empty half of a pepper shaker into it. I have tried to spice up my food with the Italian dressing that is found on each table. I found it best to turn the bottle upside down and let the oil separate out, this way you can get just spices and vinegar, it goes well on the chips. Overall the meals here are a bit pricey for the lack of flavor and portions.
It took me a while to bring myself to stop by this place.  From the outside it looks questionable.  I finally went for a splurge on my bday this year and dove into their huge apple fritter.  I go into a sugar coma afterwards but I don't care, it's way too good - so soft and crunchy and appley all at the same time.  I stop by every once in a while when I'm feeling naughty.  The only other thing I've tried was the croissant ham & egg bfast sandwich... it makes a great hangover bfast.I'd recommend bringing cash though, they charge for using cc.  About $10 bucks covers everything the hubs and I want including drinks.
I've found myself at Luci's several times in the last few weeks as it on the way home from my doctor's office.  I am glad to see that is pretty busy every time I stop in because it is a great little market.  I do find the selection a bit odd, but I always find a few things to take home with me.  I haven't found anything specifically earth shattering, but some unique and solid stuff.  I've enjoyed the super friendly service that I encounter every time I'm in and that they have an eclectic and fun menu.  I've tried the pumpkin spice latte, as well as the veggiesaurus melt.  The melt was just okay- I loved the mozzarella but the artichokes and peppers seemed a bit overwhelming.  Maybe throw in another veggie?  I also requested fruit instead of the potato salad and my strawberries were in pretty bad shape- they needed to be thrown out rather than served to me.  I'm sure that Luci's will be in my regular rotation since I drive by it so often.  I'm looking forward to trying out their themed dinners soon.
I really hate to be the person writing this... I've been here a few times and realize it's very over priced. I've always considered it 2 1/2 stars at the best. Most of the posts are VERY over rated. I've been to this facility at least 6 times because bevmo is right next door. I bought a "coupon" from them that is 1/2 off their price but realized that it was expired as of the 1st of the year. I asked them on their FB page if they would still honor it (as they posted a LS and Groupon deal around the same time) and they told me that would be fine. Then they deleted the post and told me that I it would not be accepted. I told them that I would no longer be a customer and they deleted that post as well. Happy deleting. I will NO LONGER GO TO INDULGE ever.
You know those places that refer to themselves as Chicago or New York "favorites", but people from those cities have never actually heard of them?Well , being a Chicago native, I can tell you that Rosati's was not necessarily one of my "favorites", but it IS a place at which real Chicagoans eat, and it's pretty good!Not great, and frankly not even as good as the Rosati's in Chicago, but it's still a cheap and easy way to beam yourself out to the midwest for an hour or so.Stick with the thin crust pizza. Although Chicago is mostly known for it's deep dish, thin crust pizza cut in squares like ths one is actually what most Chicagoans eat on an every day basis.When people argue about "Chicago pizza" vs. "New York pizza" I always think they should use the thin crust pizza rather than the eep dish. It's much more easily comparable. Don't get me wrong, Chicago deep dish pizza is one of the country's greatest delicacies, but it's moe than just pizza, and for that reason it really can't be considered in the same conversation ith other pizza from around the country, or even around the world. Why did I just go off on that tangent? No idea...has very little to do with Rosati's.
Last Saturday my boyfriend and I discovered the Noodles Ranch (that's what she said!) The Noodles Ranch is located on the Southeast corner of Thomas and Scottsdale Road in the Albertson's shopping center. From the outside it looks much like any other strip mall - hole - in -the -wall restaurant but from he inside it's quite apparent that this restaurant has a lot more character than most. The decor is what you would expect from a Vietnamese restaurant but with a more modern and upscale twist. The music that was playing while we dined was extremely relaxing and made the experience that much more pleasant. I was even really impressed with the presentation of the food and the dishware. I love the dishes that look (even if they aren't) hand glazed with deep rich blue hues (with all their bubbly imperfections). The food itself was extremely satisfying as well. Both my boyfriend and I shared an egg roll appetizer (we debated between this and the spring rolls which also sounded quite tempting). The egg rolls came with fresh lettuce (to wrap them in) along with freshly chopped carrots, cucumbers, sprouts, a special sauce with a bit of a tang to it. For the main course we both ordered a bowl of the chicken Pho with broccoli and bok choy. Pure deliciousness. I'm a huge fan of Pho and often go to Saigon Nites up in Scottsdale with my coworkers every couple weeks but I thought Noodles Ranch offered a product that was far superior (especially with the slight twist to such a traditional plate with the addition of bok choy and broccoli). The appetizer wasn't much more than $5.95 and the bowls of soup themselves were about $7-8. An overall very good value for all the food you get. The bowls of Pho were HUGE but I did notice on the menu that you can add more noodles (the restaurant namesake) for $1.00. I was also feeling a bit under the weather that day and I think Pho was just what I needed to clear out the sinuses. Nothing a bit of chili paste, hoisin sauce, and some steeping jalapeno peppers can't cure! I will definitely be keeping this place in mind next time I'm in the mood for a quick bite of asian cuisine, and it's so close to my house!
Best "street style" carne asada taco I've ever had.  The Vampiro is basically the same think but it comes on a tostada so you have to pick it up and eat it like a vampire, thus the name Vampiro.The salsa is great, I don't know what "style" it is because every now and again I've had it other places but it's my favorite. It's a cross between a pico and a red sauce, blended but not runny at all.Yes they make you pay for chips and salsa, and I've seen the tiny tablespoon size take out container for salsa so beware.Cute restored house.   I'll be back soon, if not everyday from now on.
I would like to tell you a story about the worst day of my life.  It was when I came to your worthless"bar"  Your overpriced cocktails have the alcohol content of a handi-wipe at best.  I can also conclude that you do not have any sort of benefits offered to your employees because they walk by customers several times and cannot seem to recognize what a customer holding cash looks like.  Send them to an eye doctor.  They are too busy checking their cell phones and showing each other their awful, awful tattoos.  The prisoners in a concentration camps received better service from the Nazis then I got from the employees at your bar.  I had such a bad experience that I feel I will never be able to get an erection ever again, until I hear that your place has gone out of business (I'm sure it will very soon)  The only compliment I have is that I am glad you allow dogs on your patio.  I plan to bring them mine over soon after eating five cans of Hormel chili in the hopes they will piss and s*** all over the place and hopefully maul a member of your useless staff.  If a member of the police force shows up and have been to your dump bar, they will understand and let me go.  I predict your hellhole will soon be turning into a gay bar.P.S. - The food you offer..... wow.  I can't believe you try to pass that kibble off as food.  The health department will be by soon and will close your virtual food "house of horrors" ASAP.  Great food if you are constipated and need to do a little spring cleaning.  If you are bulimic, come eat here.  Guaranteed to make you puke.Looking forward to the day you go out of business.
No Pop! Champagne, but we did put down a bottle of a very tasty Zinfandel from Lodi, CA. Cheese plate... Yum.I had the goat cheese salad. It was superb.She had some kind of crepe. It was very yummy.I didn't go inside once. I have too much testosterone. We sat out on the patio and it was very nice, even in the heat, due to the misters. That's kind of funny. The matrons of Scottsdale sit inside, away from the misters. Everything was fresh, tasty, well prepared, artfully plated, and the service was very good. Hard to go wrong! It's a great place for exquisite food and stimulating conversation, lubricated by a bottle of wine.
My daughter and I enjoy trying out different frozen yogurt places during our jaunts about town. While we were in Scottsdale, we did a little Yelp search, and up popped Yogurt Builderz!This place, like many of the others around town, is a self-serve operation. Pick your cup, fill it with whatever makes you happy, top it, and then pay for it based on weight. As usual, my daughter and I opted to share a small cup, and we each topped our own half.For this adventure, I think we choose a peanut butter favor. (Originally, I thought we picked cake batter, but I was mistaken...thank you for the update from the owner.) It was a low sugar option, which works in both mine and my daughter's favor...after all, sugar will keep her awake for hours, and at my age, my metabolism is ever waning...so, every chance we get, we go for low cal. Granted, peanut but wasn't the only low cal option Yogurt Builderz boasted, it's just the one that sounded the most appealing to my daughter. Although the selection for the various yogurt flavors wasn't as extensive as some of the establishments we've frequented, the toppings certainly didn't disappoint.  As she often does, my daughter found the gummy section of toppings, and threw some on her half. Being that it was peanut butter, I wanted to add something to go with it.. Being a peanut butter lover, I threw in some tiny peanut butter cups....like adding bacon to bacon!!!While we were eating, I noticed that this place has a lot of customer (children's) artwork strewn about the walls. I like that they have such a dedicated following. It certainly speaks to their local feel.The cost was comparable to many of the other froyo places scattered about town. Still, the place was rather small, and the selection wasn't as vast as I've grown accustomed to from some other places. Granted, I like that they rotate in new flavors, though so does everybody else. Overall, this place, to me, is pretty decent. Not my favorite, but I certainly wouldn't turn down an invitation to go should one arise.
Agua Frescas...the term always eluded me. I knew it was some sort of Mexican drink, but I never really took the time to give it a shot, I guess my disdain for Horchata scared me off from other ethnic drinks, well...Los Reyes de la Torta made me regret my shortsightedness. After trying the Agua Frescas here, I went home and all but prayed for forgiveness from the Agua Fresca God for doubting him...this is one seriously good drink...at least at Los Reyes de la Torta it is. This place was our back up plan for dinner last Saturday...and quickly became our first choice because our other front runner (Sonora Mesquite Grill) seemed to be inexplicably closed on Saturday evening. This ended up being a blessing though, because I can't imagine having a better Mexican meal than we did at Los Reyes de la Torta. Right when you walk in, you know this place means business. Open kitchen, great smelling food being cooked up, 'best of' signs posted everywhere, and a packed house with people smiling and enjoying themselves wherever you look. Upon first opening the menu, we noticed the prices...dirt cheap. Because of this we decided to get three menu items to try, along with a couple of agua frescas. Here's a breakdown of what we tried: -Pineapple Agua Fresca - Delicious...frothy and natural tasting with each sip filled with a mouth full of mini pineapple bits. -Lime Agua Fresca - Like a fresh squeezed lime...unbelievable refreshing. -Asada Quesadilla - We both liked this the most out of anything we got. Fresh and tasty cheese, awesome tortilla, great tasting carne asada, and a mixture tomatoes/beans/cilantro/avacodo...melt in your mouth good. -Cubana Torta - We are big torta fans, but had to try one here. It was good, but we weren't blown away...again, we aren't big torta fans...so take this with a grain of salt. -Carne Asada Tacos - Okay, I know we already got a carne asada quesadilla...but we really like carne asada...so we just had to do it. The tacos were pretty good, but I wouldn't say they were spectacular. Everything in the taco tasted great but the mini tortillas they use for the tacos wasn't quite as tasty as the flour tortilla they used for the quesadilla. ...we left stuffed and satisfied with our meal. The only possible negative thing about this place is that they don't serve chips and salsa, which is a shame. The hot sauce they bring out to your table to go with your meal would go great with some warm crunchy chips. All in all...this place is excellent. Authentic quality Mexican food for dirt cheap, anyone in the area should definitely check it out. I can't wait to go back and try more stuff. This is a possible 5 star place, just need to go a few more times before it gets 'bumped up'. 4.25/5.
One of my very favorite places in The Valley, hands down. This neighborhood gem is brought to us by the awesome people who gave us Postino so you have to know it is done right!This retro chic quintessential neighborhood place gives us comfort food meets pub food with a unique twist and flavor to keep you coming back. I love, LOVE, L O V E coming to Windsor. The food is the main reason why...and the service and atmosphere are can't miss, too.Atmosphere: cool dark pub-like atmosphere that would be a good date spot and equally as good to kick back with friends. There is a bar if you're into counter seating, a handful of comfy booths, and table seating inside, which outside there is a very cool open patio area. I've sat in both places and generally prefer outside if it's cool enough because it isn't as loud, but also love the booths inside.Food: stuff I LOVE includes the Vegetable Chop Salad (maybe one of my top salads anyplace) that's big enough fir an entree, loaded with good stuff including fried okra and eggs, and hard to pass up. Also. the RIBS..So good! A very satisfying not overly sweet BBQ makes this half rack perfect. All of the entrees come with a side - and there are some killer ones! The market veggie can be very good, the Mac and cheese or the fries are excellent, etc. The burger is also as good any other I've had in PHX (with only the exception of Zinburger). Also noteworthy is the veggie stack - vegetarian or not, this is an amazingly fresh stack of grain and veggies on pita bread that tempts everyone. And for appetizers...the cheese fondue is bog enough for the table to share and includes pretzel, apples, sausage, pulled pork and the cheese of course. We always start with it! Service: always attentive and quick. They usually have someone just filling drinks and running refills, beer orders, etc. That's a big plus for me. Tips: SIGN UP for the email list and get a free appetizer, a free dessert for your birthday at Postino, and specials. For example, it is two for one on Monday and Tuesday nights for all entrees! WOW. You have to do the complimentary valet park in their lot. Kind of annoying, but fast and simple. Or you can snag a spot on the street if you're earlyish. And you could walk it from the light rail stop if it isn't too hot.Dessert: The Postino/Windsor posse also owns CHURN adjacent to Windsor. This is the reason there is  no dessert menu at Windsor. You just walk across the hall and get the best handmade ice cream, cookies, and dime store candy ever! Get yourself an ice cream sandwich with your choice of ice cream and cookies. STUFF IS GOOD. Anyway, can you tell I love this place? One of my Phoenix go-to spots that puts even my Seattle neighborhood joints to shame. If you're in town and want to kick back with some good food, drink, and ice cream make it a Windsor/Churn night!
Airport concession stands are notorious for taking advantage of their clients.  They know they have a captive market and the people being held prisoner by TSA cannot leave the terminal easily to get real food.   So they serve the cheapest, highest profit margin food that is barely edible but good enough so the health department isn't called in daily. However a new trend has developed because of this....main stream restaurants are now opening up storefronts at the terminal serving excellent food and catering to the demand of the passengers because the airlines have stopped serving food in coach.ASAP California Pizza Kitchen is one of these new storefronts and is EXCELLENT.I had the grilled BBQ chicken salad.   On a bed of lettuce were chuncks of BBQ chicken, diced tomatoes, corn, black beans, onion, lots of thin tortilla strip chips.     Overall a very tasty meal.I also noticed the sandwiches which were served on focaccia type of bread.   People around me eating them were very pleased with the quality.In addition, the flight attendants on board the plane highly recommended ASAP.    They especially liked the Oriental Chicken Salad.Overall 4 solid stars for a great airline meal to go place.
I *heart* the Tofu Soups here just as much as I do the Galbi and other fantastic meat from this Korean heaven.More and more seem to be flocking here on weeknights and weekends, which is always good.  As much as I despise over crowd-ness at any place, I don't mind it sometimes as I like social energy built up around my table while sharing the same passion of enjoying great Asian food.I would say the best trait about Chuhgajib is their consistency in service and quality in their food.I had called in and placed a pick-up order one time for some Tofu Soups and they were really pleasant and professional over the phone and upon arrival.  The soups and sides were packed nicely into foam containers and boxed up for easy carry-out! When I was ready to unpack and serve, soup was still warm and delicious!  The amigos were quite satisfied.If you never had Tofu Soup before, I highly recommend trying them here! They are very tasty and have a variety of choices such as Pork, Beef, and Dumplings.  Cooked perfectly!  The flavor of the soup itself with the bits of veggies is just superb.  They come in different levels of spicy: Mild, Medium, Hot.  If you love eggs, they come inside the soup with the yolk intact and white still soft.This KBBQ is probably my favorite on this side of town.
I meant go be going to the other Pho place on Southern but I overshot and missed it and found myself here instead, so I figured, what the heck.  It looks like maybe a former Taco Bell building.  As soon as I walked in I was enveloped by wonderful aromas of pho broth but in the AZ hot weather I opted for a cooler dish, the #45, Vermicelli with Charbroiled Shrimp and BBQ Pork.  It wasn't a large amount of food but it was delicious.  I ate it all, no leftovers.Just about everything on the menu was between $6.25 to $6.75.  Can't get much more reasonably priced than that.There are mostly Asian people in here, always a good sign the food is authentic.  The servers were very nice.I hope I get back here to try another meal before I have to leave town.
Went today on a cold and rainy afternoon. I could've stayed much longer just hanging out people watching! Tried the commuter with bacon and pulled pork bbq sandwich. Commuter was awesome as always.. Bacon was nice and crispy! Had to have that with a Havana latte! The BBQ sandwich was just ok, nothing special IMO. Will have to get a pizza next time and hang out longer! Parking and finding a table wasnt too bad today. Maybe cuz of the weather..Quick tip: sign up for their email club and you can get $5 off your visit to both LGO or nearby Chelseas kitchen. They even send you $10 off for your birthday!!
Agree with Daren, 4.5-5.0 stars!The facts, and nothing but the facts:1) It's close to home!   2) They have only been in business 10 weeks.3) They are really nice, the two guys that own and work there.4) Its cute in there, with the rocket on the wall.5) People that live around here, need a cool place like this.6) The food is pretty good, hot, and fresh.7) The cool bottle soda selection.  My first Jolt in years!8) Seriously, we need more little places like this around here.9) The onion rings and fries are crisp and home made.10) Oh, the price, $13 bucks for our dinner, 100% HN Hot dogs.More:1) They are just starting out.2) Pretty much anyone can afford to eat there.3) Great place to take the family for a cheap meal.4) For 10 weeks into it, I have high hopes for Rocket Burger.5) I bet it keeps getting better...Please stop by and support this really friendly little neighborhood hamburger/hot dog spot.  A couple more places like this, in an area begging for new young upstart restaurants, and this side of town could be a bit cooler and hipper area.  Chili dog for me next time, for sure!
I love this place. You can't get any better than a place that offers really good Italian food at great prices. I always have the pepperoni calzone that always leaves me feeling like I'm going to pop.This place doesn't try to be anything other than a great family run business. When you get there you can hear one of the owners in a heavy Italian accent yelling in the kitchen...it doesn't get any better. If you are near central and Thomas you have to try this place.  You won't leave disappointed!
By far my favorite meal in Scottsdale/Phoenix this past weekend.If you don't want the back-story just skip to the bottom paragraph for how the food is...My hockey team had a tourney this past weekend in Scottsdale/Phoenix area and my girlfriend and I are referred to as "Yelp snobs" by family and friends.  After an extremely long night of drinking, dancing and hot tubs, I woke up with a huge appetite.  My girlfriend and I had been eating healthy-ish all weekend and I wanted a ton of carbs.  I read the reviews about this place and decided we needed to go.We drove about 10 miles to get here, which seemed far at the time but really wasn't. ha  When we arrived the first thing we noticed was that the only sign they have is a sign that basically states unattended children shouldn't be here. AWESOME!  We walk in and there is a little bit of a line, so I assume there will be a wait.  Nope the busser/host immediately started sitting everyone in line.  He took us to a large table in a room filled with wine shelves all over.  It was a family style table that seats 8 with about 3 people sitting down.  We took a seat next to a regular who gave us great incite on this place as well as some of the inside jokes that are on the menu... Mary Patty's Special.  Just saying sometimes the people you meet can make the experience a thousand times better.  If we hadn't meet James we still would have truly enjoyed Dick's.Service - I hardly ever saw my waiter.  He came every now and then but didn't seem to interested in our table... however the busser is another story.  He honestly kept me full of coffee and water the entire time.  He was such a mover I honestly want him to work at my restaurant if I owned one.  This guy definitely made me think about my waiter in a bad way because of how good he was... I really really hope that they tip the busser out well because he is the one I wish I handed my bill to after the meal was over.  Just stellar service. Now on to the food.  My girlfriend ordered huevos rancheros with over easy eggs and green sauce and I ordered breakfast enchiladas, over easy eggs and green sauce.  Both of these meals came with a LARGE side of beans (spicy and tasty) and a good breakfast potato.  When I saw the size of my plate my eyes lit up.  My girlfriend and I spent about an hour and a half eating our brunch.  When we both decided we were done we still had about a 1/3 of the plate leftover.  Since we didn't have a fridge at the hotel we decided we shouldn't take home the leftovers... It was the hardest decision I have ever made.  When I come back next year to Scottsdale for the hockey tourney I will be coming back to Dick's Hideaway and ordering some thing else on the menu.  I really hope the busser is there and he has been promoted to server.  Great place and highly recommend this restaurant.
This is probably my new favorite spot, as I just moved into the neighborhood. I've been here twice. Once for drinks on a date, and once for brunch. Each time the service was stellar. They have an accommodating, kind, and thoughtful staff!The drinks... Oh, the drinks. I'm not usually a cocktail person, but I ordered the Strawberry Basil Caiparinha and the Cucumber Cooler. They're made with actual fruit and were a delight. Not terribly sweet, so perfect for my taste buds. But the crowning glory was the cucumber cooler. Hendrick's Gin, Lemonade... To. Die. For. I HIGHLY recommend this cocktail!For a date night, it was perfect, and relatively dead late at night. The ambiance of the patio was wonderful for the feel of the evening, and was a perfect treat to round out my night.And for brunch? My tongue was titillated with the delight of an appetizer of a baguette with pear-ginger jam & butter, the "Smoked Salmon" and a mimosa. The smoked salmon was served like a Benedict, hollandaise and all, along with fried fingerling potatoes that still make me drool, even still! I dipped the 'taters into remaining hollandaise and ate until I couldn't anymore! It was simply too good, and I would love to enjoy it again - I can't wait to!I was also impressed with them locally-sourcing goods, such as their tea from Maya in Tucson. It was high-quality, and tasty. I'm a total beverage snob, so I appreciate quality coffee and tea!If you like fine tasting food and beverage, this place is great. Brunch also features a jazz group playing, that fits perfectly with the atmosphere provided. I highly recommend this for a date, or a special treat!
This is a New York style deli with meats sliced to order with a wide variety of hero options and daily specials.  Hours are 6am to 5pm M-FIf you work or live in the downtown area near 1st Ave & Adams, you've gotta try the Hero Factory. I'm making my way through the menu one hero at a time with a visit at least once a week and enjoying every bite of it too.  These are honestly the best hero subs I have ever had in my life. The portions are huge, enough to share with a friend.  Not only is the food awesome but the people who run this shop are very cool. They put a lot of heart into every meal they serve with great appreciation.Need a recommendation? Try the Godfather- Italian meats on toasted garlic bread...It's to live for!
Not too bad. It's a upscale sports bar.  Food is pretty good and they always have wine/drink specials.  Usually not many people in there.  I need to put this in rotation more often, maybe a lunch or pregame stop before going out one night.
This is my new favorite place! Cheaper and better than Paradise Bakery! Bread is really soft, every meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry, and you can make your own Italian sodas! The service is also friendly and fast!
There are two listings here on Yelp.  However, if you check Winco's website the address they show is THIS one (Power Rd), not the Hampton address.  So I'm putting my review here.This building used to be Costco.  Costco moved about a mile down the road, and Winco moved in.  Winco reminds me of Food4Less.  Same basic layout, and I don't think Food4Less took credit cards either.  Plus you bagged yourself, just like Winco.The prices here are mostly reasonable.  You can do better in a regular grocery if you shop the sales, however.  For everyday prices these guys are a little lower, and I think at least some of that is the 5% (approximately) that they save by not accepting credit cards (VISA and those all charge a percentage of every transaction, which stores pass on to us).  Factor that in and this place probably isn't any better than Basha's or Fry's, and not as good as Costco.Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad store.  But I wouldn't make a special trip here unless they had some great sale or coupon (which they did for their grand opening).  They are more hype than anything really special.And, just to emphasize, they DON'T take credit cards.  Be aware of this, because they don't have it posted anywhere except at the registers.  By then you've already finished your shopping.  If it weren't for this I'd probably have granted three stars.
Even though I've already professed the fact that I don't mind waiting awhile in order to consume the delicious breakfast foods at Matt's, I certainly don't mind a little diversion from the usual stand around, chit chat, look at other customer's yummy food, wish I had some, get some water instead, sigh. The Downtown Phoenix Public Market is the perfect diversion from this routine! There are a wide variety of stands, especially considering it's such a small market, and there aren't that many tchotchke arts and craft offerings to be had. Just a couple candles and soap stands that are dominated by a lot of fresh and organic edibles. Some of the stands offer little samples of their wares, which of course I had to take advantage of. I had a sip of Hansen's orange creme soda, some iced tea, organic hummus with a pita chip and some interesting roasted Mexican seeds that the Aztecs used to cultivate. Those salty, crisp treats made a satisfying pop when I bit 'em, tasting nutty and delicious. Almost bought a bag. Thought better of it when I saw the guy selling baklava.A small portion of baklava and kataifi was my only purchase, both of which were decadent sweet treats later on after lunch. The layered phyllo dough, the piles of nuts, the honey slathered on thick! It was divine. At 4 bucks for these two tiny squares, it wasn't the best bang for my buck, but the taste totally made up for the size, and when it's that orgasmicly good, size doesn't matter, go ahead and ask anyone. I was also tempted to pick up some pickled asparagus and some jalapeno jelly. Just for kicks.There was a pretty good live folksy musical act when I was there too, so check out the entertainment if you happen to be in the area. And if you're stuck on a Saturday behind ten other groups vying for the butter soaked goodness of Matt's Big Breakfast, this little market is small enough that you can walk the entire extent of the lot, try all the samples they offer, and make it back to the corner of 1st and McKinley before your party is called.
Suki suki nowwww... Time for some Pho!Can you say delicious in Vietnamese?  WHO CARES?!  This place has got the best soup in town and unlike its neighbor, LoLo's Chicken and Waffles, this is healthy stuff!  I have ordered the Chicken, Broccoli, and Bok Choy Pho twice now and have no complaints.  They bring out all the fixins too... Bean sprouts, basil leaves, cilantro and lime mmm.  Rice noodles, chicken, broccoli, and Bok Choy are simmered in a mouthwatering broth sprinkled with herbs to boot!  If you haven't gone yet, you better put that fried chicken down and check yourself!
Was shopping with my son, daughter and her fianc Sat afternoon and I said I was hungry and daughter said she wanted tamales and I was like no, I'm not getting tamales, I want a burger, so we kept shopping and then I said are you guys up to trying something new, and they said yea, so I said let's try Abuelos, and man are we glad we did! When we got their we 1st ordered the Abuelos dip sampler, which had a cheese dip, a bean dip and their avocado cream, which was like a guacamole whipped with air, not my fav, but everyone loved the bean & cheese dip. Also ordered a pineapple infused maragarita, man that was delish!!I ordered the Nogales, which was beef & chicken rolled into a flour tortilla enchilada style, that my friend was a perfect dish!! Others ordered the Sonora, Tilapia Veracruz, beef and cheese enchilada combo! All the dishes were perfect and delish!! The heat was there I was a happy camper!! Love the spicy food!!! Look forward to coming back and trying other items on the menu! Oh by the way the daughter that wanted tamales, never ordered them, she went with the enchiladas LOL
Ugh I can't stand this place. The only reason it gets two stars is because I can walk there and it's an okay place to day drink and eat some chips and salsa.  On Cinco de Mayo, they block of the parking lot and fill it with sand and then you have to wait 30 minutes to get in.  And then pay.  Friday and Saturday nights are lame-o.  Guys have to pay $5.00.  If you're in heels, forget walking in the sand.  The dance floor fills with a bunch of drunks around midnight.  The crowd is definitely not "Scottsdale", but it's something.....more like skater boy meets Affliction meets arm band tattoos.  And that's just the guys.  I've just spend a few too many nights here either with friends that actually like it or as a last resort so we can stumble home....and haven't had a good time, EVER.
This place has been on my bookmark list for a while.  I wanted comfort food last night and Wednesdays the dinner special is liver and onions.  I can make liver and onions just fine at home but then the apartment smells like liver for a week.  Got there about 6:30 and the place was packed.  I had a choice of waiting at the bar or just eating there anyway.  I chose to eat there and I had a good view of the basketball game on the TV so all was good.  For $9.00 I got 3 good sized slices of liver, a bunch of bacon, a mound of onions, mashed potatoes and gravy and a small salad.  For what I paid the food was quite good and plentiful.  The service was excellent.  I still don't care for skins in my potatoes but the option was wedge fries with skins on.  At some point I will come back to try the chicken fried steak.After several decades of street widening on Bethany Home and 16th st the parking lot is not big vehicle friendly.  The bartender said after the bank closes to the North most folks with trucks park there, including her.
Yet another great experience.......though all credit must be given to Yelp....otherwise would never find some of these places.Can recommend the following:Warm Sonoma Goat Cheese Salad with fresh Raspberries - organically grown baby lettuce , goat cheese medallions, jicama, carrots, fresh raspberries and candied pecans with their home made raspberry vinaigrette....the pecans are truly delicious!Short Rib Quesadilla - A special of the day.....very delicious.Home made lemonade - very refreshingOn the way out the smell of coffee and the view of the double chocolate cookies was too much so ordered to go......very, very good coffee and the cookie tasted like a chocolate brownie.....very moist and absolutely mouth watering......There are many choices for seating....front patio, side patio, back patio and of course inside...all seating options have a great cozy feel....doubt you could pick a bad spot.Staff are also awesome.
I have been going to the Paisley Violin for years, since it was on Roosevelt. It has always been a neighborhood favorite.Everything is fresh, homemade and delicious. From the daily soups to the sandwiches, the coffee and espresso, you can't go wrong.The service is always great, everyone is warm and wonderful.Don't be shy about the area, despite what you may think or hear, it is a nice neighborhood (I live blocks away) and things are changing fast. And it is always great to patronize a wonderful, independent neighborhood business.
Sigh.  The taco plate was skimpy and bland.  I don't mind getting a small portion, but don't charge me $8.21 for it.Get ready to drench your flavor-challenged tacos in hot sauce.  Maybe try a burrito instead?One word: disappointing.
Okay, I'm going to try and redeem this place.I'll start by saying the reason people come here, or bring out of town visitors (should be on your list for that) is Nicole.  I've been to many a piano bar and I don't think I've ever seen anything like her.  You try and text message your friend while playing Clocks by Coldplay!They serve sandwiches and salads.  The most expensive thing on the menu is $13.  They're not serving foi gras or a 5 course tasting menu.  If you're looking for that, head to Scottsdale.The purpose of ordering the food here is to be able to soak up the half-priced bottle of wine you'll inevitably be ordering.  Or, maybe the monster-sized martinis.  Much like the size of the drinks, the food portions are also quite big.  I very rarely leave without a box.If you have room, the desserts are YUMMY.  The Tuxedo, Chocolate Lava Cake, and the "Tira Tini" are all great.  I suspect the others  are too.So, ignore the naysayers and check it out after 7pm Wed-Sun so you can hear the pianist.  If you can get a table up close, go for it.  (no it's not too loud).  You can't leave before Nicole plays her version of Flight of the Bumble Bee, so drink slowly or get your $10 out to request it.  Phenomenal.
Another Indian reviewer here. This place is a complete disappointment and I *never* eat there. A friend and I went for lunch once and became so aggravated at sitting and waiting at our table with no service that we were cussing under our breath by the time the waiter came, giving new meaning to the word "waiter". The food is mediocre. I didn't like (or trust) the quality of the chicken in my chicken tikka masala. There is far better Indian food to be had throughout the Valley.
I give Bonnie G full credit for me reviewing this place, for there'd be no way in hell I'd have seen it or known about it otherwise. I'm trying to remember why we went. Somehow I was in Tempe. Bonnie was in Tempe. Why were we both in Tempe? Who knows. You don't care either way.The point is, walking into Boulders was a little bizarre. It's completely out of place for the area. More like an old college institution you'd find in Chico or Corvallis. Or maybe even Flag. Big, huge, bike-friendly wooden ski lodge. Upstairs loft with pool-table overlooking the bar/restaurant below. It is pretty much the quintessential neighborhood hangout. No scene. No pretense. No slathering your fake-n-bake and hair gel to mack on Landon and Tiffany. Extremely casual and everyone's friendly - from the owner to all the other patrons. And did I mention the beer? An impressive selection of microbrews on tap, many of which I'd never heard of. But the owner took the time to describe each one, and I ended up with a few pints of a really great stout (Bonnie was quite taken with her brew as well). The beers regularly rotate, so there's always something new to try.And sure, there is mostly noise coming out of the jukebox, but I didn't really care. It's not like I was expecting to hear some European DJ who has at least one umlaut in his name and wears wraparound shades even while he's spinning in a pitch black nightclub. You're here for the conversation (unless you're a Woo Girl).So all in all, I really dug this Boulders, in all its sheer normalness. We all need a place like this: a super-casual neighborhood bar which requires the least amount of effort from you. Sitting on your living room couch and feel like having a beer with a friend without needing to put on "going out" attire and "going out" attitude? This is it. Your shoulders are down. You're chilled out. And you're probably discovering a new favorite beer in the process.4 stars.
If it wasn't for the high prices, I'd probably give this place 2 stars.  I went with 2 other people, and we did not order liquor, just an appetizer, and 3 dishes, and we walked out of there disappointed, and spent $140.NOTE: I was facing the kitchen and could see the chef.  For a place that charges $20-35 per plate, you'd expect the pasta to be cooked to order (only takes 10-11 minutes!).  However, the pasta was precooked, but heated up in a pan with the sauces to order.  Any pasta dish from Cheese Cake factory is way better than anything on this menu -- and half price. For the appetizer, we got 4 scallops. Scallops were smaller than we expected on a bed of pesto.  They were alright, nothing special.We then ordered 3 dishes, Osso Buco (special), Linguine with sea food combo, and chicken marsala with linguine.Osso Buco - this was a $35 item, so we had high expectations.  It came on a bed of risotto.  I could see the chef cook from where I was sitting.  The risotto had to be scrapped off the pan, and it was noticeably dry.  The beef was not tender, and clearly needed to be cooked more.  If you've had osso buco anywhere decent, you know it's supposed to almost fall off the bone.Chicken Marsala had no flavor.  I thought there wasn't enough sauce, so I asked for more sauce, but the sauce was very thin and watery, and just lacked flavor.  The 3rd dish was also OK -- probably the better out of the three.We won't be back.
Khai Hoan is another jewel amongst the various Vietnamese eateries we have around the valley, but in my honest opinion it's in the big three.who are the big three, well lets call them the giants of Vietnamese cuisine in the phoenix metro area; they are (in my humble opinion) ~Pho Thahn~Pho Avina~Khai HoanWhy does Khai Hoan make it in the Big3? well, for a number of reasons (most of which have already been rattled off by yelpers far more credible than I)Character:like a Faulkner novel! this little hole in the wall has the heart of a lion, but the trappings of a lamb. It is a tiny joint, cramped and chock full of the knick knacks and bric-a-brac that you could find in any pho shoppe, but, the owner really makes this place his own, and I'm almost sure that anytime I think of Khai Hoan I will picture him, when you've made yourself synonomous with a building, then you've given that place some character.Value:the value here is demonstrated continuously, from their dirt cheap price range, to the heaping portions, to the fresh flavourful ingredients. You can come here with $10 in your pocket and eat like a king.Location:Khai Hoan also slides into the Big3 i.m.h.o. because of the conveniet locale. situated along the light rail corridor, in the same strip mall as the venerable Haji Baba, in lovely Tempe. This couldnt be a more convenient easy place to get to, for me at least.All in all Khai Hoan is simple, tasty, cheap, and easily accesible Vietnamese & Chinese food lovingly made.an interesting foot note:avoid the "salted plum drink" probably the worst thing I have ever drank.
I know a lot of my friends really like this place, but I just can't get over the bad service and the food really isn't that great. It's really close to my house, so I go a lot to hang out and listen to the music that they have come through. Seriously though, I have stopped eating there because I realized after the 4th time that I have had "digestive issues" EVERY time I eat there. No joke. When I did eat there, the food really wasn't that great. Usually a bite or two is good, then it just gets really gross. I've tried about every side item that they offer with there entree's and they are all pretty gross to me as well. The potato salad was the only thing that I actually thought was okay. And one time I went there and she listed off my choices for sides, I said "chips" her: "oh, we're actually out of chips" me: "soup" her: "we're out of that too now" me: "so really, what are my actual choices?" her: "salad". Sorry to all my friends who like it, but it's really not that great. I think people come in and are charmed by the homey, inner-city art dive feel it has.
Mama Mia! Fast food Italian. Who woulda thunk it? Well. Somebody incompetent and passionless. I would rename this place Yuckoli's. Fits better. I knew I was treading on dicey turf going to this joint. But it was in Rickie's old hood and the culinary establishments were limited to fast food and chain restaurants. So I went basic with spaghetti and meatballs (oh God, really, for the love of balls, these circular beef objects were filled with some sawdust like material and blander than Jennifer Aniston's movie career). Not good. We also tried a chicken Alfredo like dish that apparently was made with Elmer's glue. Pasty. Bland. And, yes, it does stick to construction paper. I wasn't expecting much. But I wasn't expecting to be grossed out. All I can say is "Mama Mia, papsa a pee'ah, daddy's got the diarrhea". There. That's classy. And Elite of me. Don't ya think?
I passed by it for almost a year thinking, man that place looks wacky but if it stays in business it must be good.  So I finally made it in and boy am I glad!  Their food is very good.  Meat is very smoky without feeling too dry or tasting burnt - well, it is a little dry but with a little extra sauce its perfect.  Their greens are the best I've ever had.  Its salty, but I think that's part of the appeal of soul food isn't it?  I dunno, this place is pretty tasty.  I hope they don't raise the prices though!
I can't believe it took me so long to try this wonderful little gem tucked away in a strip mall across the street from Desert Ridge! It was the perfect afternoon for dining al fresco. My dining companion had been there before so she knew what she wanted right away. I had a hard time deciding between breakfast and lunch (they serve breakfast until 2:30). Everything on the menu is organic, and they have gluten free options as well. All I knew was that whatever I chose for an entree, I had to get the sweet potato tots on the side. My co-Yelpers . . . you are so right! The tots arrived fresh and hot . . . I was so excited to try one, I burnt my mouth on the first. OMG, they were so divine . . . sweet, crispy on the outside, perfectly cooked on the inside. You could easily order these for dessert!For an entree I had the veggie omelet. I didn't even have to tell them I liked my omelet on the light side, not overcooked. It was splendid! I also loved the fact they the didn't butter my rye toast! My girlfriend ordered the summer rolls which she loved, and the hummus. The hummus came with a huge plate of pita, not the typical little serving you get at some restaurants. I tentatively tasted the cilantro hummus (I sometimes like cilantro and sometimes don't), and I was pleasantly surprised at how the flavors worked so well together. Who would have thunK? As I watched other orders being delivered to tables, I couldn't help but notice the gigantic hamburger and the huge salads. I will definitely be suggesting Tryst as a regular meeting place for lunch, as there are so many items on the menu I still want to try.Service was very good. Our server was actually quite unobtrusive, but still expedient. Unlike some reviewers, I didn't find Tryst to be overpriced at all.
It seems this Roberto's made it to Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive Ins and Dives!Pity they neglected to tell you the same recipes can be found in the Roberto's that are scattered throughout Las Vegas. I'm not shooting it down, but the food is consistently good throughout all of the Vegas locations.I have sent several friends and old co-workers here. They've all said it's worth the drive - too bad they don't yelp! They love the super nachos and for some reason, the bean and cheese burrito were huge hits for them. I've had the bean and cheese burrito and it's pretty darn big and delivers on flavor, too. I never thought I'd get overwhelmed by flavor and size in a bean and cheese burrito. It's amazing what you learn about yourself! Haha.What a pity there isn't a location in Mesa...wait, or maybe that's a good thing for me. :D
OOO & V opened about fifteen months ago, right after Thanksgiving and we've been coming here about once a month ever since.  Their olive oils and balsamic vinegars are great!If you are a foodie, like many of us on Yelp, then this is a must stop.  OOO & V carries flavor infused oils and vinegars.  On most days they have several oils open with pieces of bread to use for tastings  Great idea!Our favorites at this point would be the Garlic and also their Basil, but recently we have been enjoying their Italian Seasoning .  We use the oils almost every day mostly for cooking, but we also love it plain with bread at dinner or on a sandwich.Prices are $15.00 for a 375ml bottle and OOO & V often seems to be running a special on line mostly with Groupon (2 for 1).  I would highly recommend getting on their email distribution list so you can be alerted to their upcoming sales and specials.  Enjoy!
Look, let's face it, Maggie Moo. You never even stood a chance.Your flavors are pedantic and unimaginative, your service is lackluster and disheartening, and your prices defy logic.It's fucking ice cream, and not even good ice cream. I wouldn't know. Maybe if you took better care maintaining your merchandise, it wouldn't taste so terrible.Whether the flavor's "too soft" or "too hard" it requires you take the reserve tray out of the freezer and serve some of that to me instead. So apparently your display case is just that. Display.Your mix-ins are lame and stale. M&M's and sprinkles? Gee, don't give yourself a fucking aneurysm with all this creativity. So you really didn't have much going for you already by the time your cashier called me "sir". TWICE. The second time was my fault though. I tried to intervene and correct her."is that all for you, sir?""Um...it's ma'am, actually. I'm a girl.""Oh. I'm sorry, sir!"If I hadn't said anything I would've only been offended the one time. Mea culpa.It's not entirely that girl's fault I'm giving you one star, but it certainly helped convince.You'd be well informed to know I'm writing a letter. Not to your manager or anything. But to Coldstone Creamery. Begging them back.I figure why be with a knock-off of a piece of garbage when I can just be with the real deal, you know.Ha ha! Who am I kidding. This one event will probably deter me from ice cream all together. I'll need to set "Gelato & Frozen Custard" on the "Ice Cream Orientation" box on all my social profiles.
i really wanted to like this place, i really did. Its a Friday and we expected it to be busy, but aside from one large party, there were many empty tables. We sat down and were more than a little surprised when we had to wait for the waitress to walk by us four times and start setting the empty tables before the bar tender came over to give us menus. We went simple: beef tacos and enchiladas. Honest to goodness, taco bell beat these tacos. They had hardly anything in them. I'm sorry, but if I wanted to eat an empty taco shell I could have done that at home. The enchilada sauce was unimpressive at best.What really got the raised eyebrow was the $26.00 check. No drinks, no appetizers. Just one terrible taco plate and one mediocre enchilada plate. We won't be going back.
I had the pleasure of experiencing Off Da Hook during its first week of business at the new Glendale Avenue location. Without a doubt this is THE BEST soul food restaurant in Phoenix!  You first notice the cleanliness of the establishment upon entering. Not your typical hole in the wall joint that you expect. Nice large booths, tile floor, bright colors, and that oh so sweet aroma of soul food ! I experienced soul food at its best. I concur with another reviewer that Off Da Hook by far exceeds Lolo's Chicken and Waffles.The serving sizes are HUGE so go with appetites ready to be satisfied with all the traditional eats we are familiar with.  Prices are extremely reasonable, service was fast, and staff was very friendly.Glad to finally have a place to call home for good soul food in the valley.
Awesome tasting burgers and sandwiches, a huge selection of boutique sodas and great service every time.4-27-11 I have had their Rocket-Burger, California Club (as a sandwich and the large sub) and the New Yorker too. The burger was taller than my mouth! I love the fries because they are always hot and not underdone. Both the subs I tried were huge, chock full of good stuff. For like $7-$8 and some change in the tip jar you can get a big sub, fries and a drink either regular fountain or pick from 100+ different flavored sodas from out of the 6 coolers they have. I've been out of town..I need my Rocket Sub Fix. ;-)
The Sunday brunch here is excellent (the Beignets au Chocolate stand out in my mind), and the courtyard setting is beautiful. There's an emphasis on local and organic food, which we really appreciate. This will definitely be one of our regular restaurant stops in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.
Asian buffets scare me... I usually don't know what half the stuff is, and if I do know what it is, it's a microwaved crazy sauced version of what I'm used to. Granted, I came here with a hungry hoard of UCSD dragon boaters, so we were all starved from a long day of paddling. Yes, I ate, but I was terrified that everyone would be sitting on a toilet for the rest of the night and that we would be totally unable to paddle our races the next day.Microwavable edamame was my friend since I saw the costco sized bags sitting on the side (I figured I'd be safe with these), and I attempted to try everything else like the random seafoods, mushy sushi, and fatty meats. Their desserts were weird generic cakes that seemed to be salvaged from the sale section of the local grocery bakery, so I stuck with the frozen yogurt.Lots of better options out there, but I guess since there were about 50 of us, we were limited.
My favorite Restaurant in Phoenix by far, I keep searching for better, but who knows why!Dishes that separate Tarbell's from others: Soups to die for Caesar the way it was meant to taste Pommes Frites as heavenly as any in Paris or                                      Brussels Sliders to crave many days after Scotch Beef I continue to dream about Pan Roasted chicken - I NEVER order chicken in a                                      Restaurant, except here Mac & Cheese good enough for dessertIf this isn't FIVE STAR in Phoenix, I can't imagine what is, but I want to go there!
Went there yesterday to watch a postseason game with other Yelpers.  As far as watching TVs went, there wasn't a bad seat in the house.  For those that hate smoke there is a non smoking entrance in the back to the bar side but if you want to play pool or use the Men's room you still have to run the gauntlet of the smoking patio.  Speaking of the Men's room, I have seen worse but this one wasn't really kept up that well and it could use a mopping as my feet stuck to the floor by the urinal. They had plenty of good choices for beer on tap.  I was intending on a burger but table quantities of other stuff arrived.  The nachos were ok.  I don't normally care for hot wings because they are, well, hot.  These were grilled and while they left a slight after burn for me were really quite good.  I also had an onion ring, a potato skin and a cheese stick.  Good solid bar food without being Wow.  Service bounced between really good and "where did she go?".  They were out of stuff like iced tea, some brownies and some of the beers.  As a table we were buying enough drinks that those that mixed in glasses of water were not questioned.All in all a good solid neighborhood bar.
Ahhh almost forgot bout this place. We went there for lunch from work when it first opened up. My friend could not shut it about Philly steak and CheezeWiz (Or whatever its called.)So, they dragged me in there. I could not bring myself to order fat dripping and CheezeWiz smothered real Cheese Steak so i ordered chicken one instead. It was BORING, dry and uninteresting. My granny (One from mom's side who can not cook) could make it way better.So, while i honestly can not evaluate their main product - Cheese Steak,  whatever i got kinda suxed! They do draw big crowds now and sometime there is no place to seat, or at least that is what guys from work telling me. But whataver..."I no like"
I started on yelp after looking for a place to vent about the sad excuse for a short-rib I experienced at The Estate House....I may have found it at the "other" waterfront location - Chelsea's by the... canal.I found my short rib. It's not that short. There aren't any ribs in it. It's juicy, it melts in your mouth, and it's found only at Chelsea's Kitchen!...then there's that thing about putting a fried egg on top of it. Although some swear by it, I just cant understand why you would mess with perfection.BOTTOM LINE: Great patio. Wholesome & simple food. Yumm!
Alrighty, folks. We got donuts.Seriously, I hate writing reviews for chains. But there's a few things about Dunkin Donuts I've recently discovered...even though they're all over back in New York (where I'm from).- Skip the latte. Seriously. It sucks here.- If you don't like black coffee, just get a regular coffee w/sugar and cream. They add it for you, and you'll like it.- The donuts were hard to see on my first visit, right after they remodeled. No problems seeing now. However, I do not think they have as much variety these days as they used to.- Bagels, donuts, muffins: all good. Sandwiches, not so much.Hope this helps.
Pizza A Metro is the ultimate hole in the wall! (I love hole in the walls!)  Located in a smaller shopping strip marked with a vintage style pizza street sign you can expect to find an Italian oasis.  This adorable little restaurant features only four tables inside and two tables outside. (Packed and no time to wait?  Don't worry you can take out as well.)  Adding to the ambiance was the owner who greeted us upon arrival with a heavy Italian accent and loads of charm.  I was impressed with the bread plate that we received shortly after ordering.  It was a little preview of the fabulousness that is Pizza A Metro's Pizza Crust. Yum!  While everything we ate (salad, veggie pizza, and spaghetti) was divine, I am quite sure their was some kind of addictive substance in Pizza A Metro's spaghetti.  I don't usually find restaurant spaghetti intoxicating but this is an exception!Go to Pizza A Metro, take a friend, share lots of food, you won't be sorry!
Although I have eaten here twice and absolutely loved it, I have been afraid to write a review of it because I'm afraid people won't take it seriously. Because they shouldn't. I gave a four-star review to Pizza Patron. Because I for one love traditionally awful pizza. The sketchier the better. I like it greasy (like my hair) and cheap (like my thrills). I love it when the pepperoni gets those little pools of oil in them and when there's so much topping that it falls off the pie while you're cutting it and you have to pick it out of the box...you know, I think I'm going to stop here before I lose my Elite Status on principle.There's a reason you don't see me waiting in line for Pizzeria Bianco. Because I would just embarrass myself by asking the waitier if my Wise Guy could come with a side of ranch or brown sauce (you call it A-1, like that makes it classier...stfu).The first time Misty and I went to Pizza A Metro, we took my mother. After having just learned that all that underwear in the laundry was actually mine and not my girlfriends, she really needed the cheering up. So we decided to bring her into a sweaty pizzeria and tell her we were engaged.I say sweaty because at the time the air conditioner was broken. They did have some fans up. A whole lot of good a couple of fans did when we were sitting like five paces away from the fucking oven.We ordered a metro-size margherita pizza, which really hampered our yelping because we spent THREE DAYS eating the damn thing. But fuck was it delicious. Here I was trying to find the craziest, fattiest meats to stack onto my pizza and all it takes is some basil and tomatoes to sate my taste buds. The manager was really nice with a dash of eccentric charm. Which is good, because he spent our WHOLE meal standing over us, striking up small talk and asking us our opinions of the food. Yeah man, the food's great. Now if you'll excuse us, I need to call work and tell them I need to take the week off so I can digest your fucking franken-monstrosity of a pizza.Mom enjoyed it too, I think. With all this life-changing news happening around her, I think I could've said to her "I just saved money on my car insurance by switching to Geico" and her eyes would have filled with tears of relief and joy.The second time we went, we brought my brother, the pickiest, most pretentious eater I have ever known.  This is a guy who defends his refusal to try sushi by saying "there are some things I just know I won't like. Like [insert homoerotic sex maneuver]." Yes, I said maneuvers. No go [synonym for "copulate"] yourself.He actually lives down the street from a Pizza Patron and eats it 2x a week. And even HE admitted the pizza was amazing. He didn't care much for the carpaccio, but I did. And this is my review. So whatever.I personally like the intimate space, claustrophobia aside. I'm tired of these reasonably sized restaurants that cater to normal crowds of people. I want massive kitchens that leave little to no room for diners. The smaller the dining area, the higher the likelihood you get to sit by the window. Sit by the window and watch all those other fools, I dunno, do what fools do, like watch MTV and vote against gay rights, I guess. Yeah, phobe, I can see you trampling my rights. You have just been taken off the list for my next party, jerkface.I'm so confident in Pizza A Metro's potential for awesomeness that I'm even going to try something not pizza next time. Gasp. Am I going to violate my "no eating anything not stated in the sign" policy? Yes. This weekend (or January 18, if this ever gets to be ROTD), when I meet with some other yelper(s) for lunch, I will probably order a pasta dish. And maybe a salad. Oh god am I about go through my  "salads only" phase? I am NOT looking forward to this.
I am giving Gallo Blanco two stars because I have eaten here a few times, and the food IS good.  However, I had a negative experience last night, and I will NOT be returning.I called before I left work to place an order for carry out and was told it would take 20-25 minutes.  I made my call at 7:04 and arrived at Gallo Blanco around 7:30.  Upon arrival, I was told it would be a little longer, which was fine.  What was NOT fine, was that I did not leave Gallo Blanco until 7:55 (I have the calls I made saved on my phone).  I should have been told I would need to wait another half hour if that was going to be the case.  I could have decided whether it was worth the wait.  I am very busy, and have better things to do than sit around waiting for food that I pre-ordered.  Further, I ordered the 1/2 pollo asado, and when I got home, there was no aioli or corn tortillas.  Also, the chicken was completely undercooked (I took a picture).  It makes me think that my order was not placed until I ARRIVED to pick it up, and then, in the rush to fix the mistake, I was given undercooked chicken that was incomplete, without aioli or tortillas.  I understand that Gallo Blanco is always very busy, I just wish I had been told that my order had not been placed, or that I had been given an accurate estimate of how long the food would take.  In the end, I paid and waited an hour for an order that was undercooked and incomplete.  It will be a very long time before I choose to return to Gallo Blanco.0 stars for service and consideration, three stars for the food.EDITED TO ADD:I received a very nice and apologetic email from the manager about the incident.  I'm adding a star due to their excellent redress of the issues.  Everyone makes mistakes :)
Macayo's - another gringo-fied Mexican chain which quadruples the price for a quarter of the flavor. We knew better, but Mexi restaurants are mostly shuttered tight on Easter, so our choices were limited when hunger struck in the middle of that neon stretch between Phoenix and Tucson. The service earned the third star as all were friendly and fast. But $8 for a teeny, bland scoop of guac? My lonely $13 Baja burro was as bland as a sensitivity meeting at Lego Land, and the food was Mexican in shape only. The salsa tasted like ketchup compote. The lack of flavor was compounded because I'd just eaten tacos el sabor in southern Nogales at La Salida and was nearly transported to heaven. I'd trade fear for flavor any time. Macayo's takes bland to new averages.
Delux is anything but. They really should have called it, "Sometimes Good, Sometimes Bad but Mostly Just OK" There are definately some rules you have to follow here:  1) Always get an order of sweet potato fries. 2) Never do the mixed cart of fries as the cart always comes less than full 3) Never go during the day (you can see how dirty/not well maintained the place is)   4) Always order beer as their stock is great and it helps you forget about what you may have seen if you didn't follow rule 3 and looked at the floor or under your table.
I must say that this is a 5 star combination of those things that make an establishment deserve the coveted 5th star~Excellent, Friendly Customer Service Fresh, High Quality Ingredientsand Superb Quality ControlThe Pastrami is DELICIOUS here!The fresh $2.99 loaves are huge!  Crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.  Mmm, Bread.  }^ )
a girl can't ever forget thee wine whenever she goes outside of her comfort zone...after dinner @ roaring fork (http://www.yelp.com/biz/roaring-fork-scottsdale#hrid:h9_ykP1BKwT5SZbMYFmGrA/src:self), we decided to take it another step further and get our drink on....it took us 15 minutes to find this place, only to find that it's SO hidden! you're literally in for a real trap/tweet because the entrance is behind some alley back door, which i did kind of find it pretty neat to find this rare gem of scottsdale.it's a great place, homey decor, friendly, folks, but what can i say? we ARE in scottsdale, and now, i know, when people say that scottsdale is equivalent to newport or malibu or any pretentious place to be ... was it just me or what? lots of kens and barbies within... i believe i was the ONLY asian person there... WACK!prices were fairly appropriate, a place i would totally get my guilty pleasure on... from egyptian flatbreads to finger lickings and more...caprese salad = yay! soo yummy! wine = damn! you call yourself a wine bar but the wine i ordered definitely had a sour touch...
Well hello, Yelp, long time no see.  I'm back now but in a different city and I'll try to get back in the swing of things. So here goes...first review in Phoenix: The Breadfruit.- - - The owner of the Breadfruit can tell you where the strawberries they use in their fresh made strawberry lemonade come from. And the answer isn't Costco.  I went in at kind of an odd time, 4:30 on a Saturday, after a day of apartment hunting downtown.  There was a duo and another solo diner both sitting inside. The server was friendly and offered great suggestions. The weather was perfect so I sat outside at one of the handful of tables on the sidewalk.  The curried chicken and dumpling were fantastic: served with grilled plantains that tastes more like a potato than fruit,  and fresh bell peppers. The dumpling was dense and went great with the curry sauce. Although the rice and peas that the server suggested were delicious, I think the entre could have stood on its own.The server picked up on the fact that I was in no rush and she was friendly and attentive while not rushing me. A while later a guy who worked there came outside to eat his meal before the dinner crowd arrived.  We started talking about the book I was reading, Food Inc, and he told me about the restaurant's goals to provide thoughtful, local food. Turns out I was talking to Duane, the owner, and I was pleasantly surprised to hear him tell me the strawberries in my strawberry lemonade come from the farmer's market around the corner and were grown in Yuma. There aren't nearly enough business owners who care enough to invest the time and energy into such pursuits. We talked a little more about our common love for conscious eating and how meals should be experiences, not quick fixes to fill you up.  He explained that this is why his restaurant does not package anything to go. I can respect that. If you want their food you're going to eat it fresh and you're sure as hell not taking it home to microwave leftovers.A chef/businessman with values who eats his own meals, talks passionately about being involved in the growth of downtown and can tell you where his food comes from...I'm a fan.Did I mention the Sweet Potato Pudd'n and vanilla ice cream? Uh.Maze.Ing.
The parking situation here sucks; if you can't find anything on the street (you won't) you'll have to park in the garage across the street.  Good luck with that if you don't own a Vespa or a Smart car.  The interior is always crowded and you'll be lucky to find a table during the lunch rush.That said, I don't care because the Traffic Jam sandwich is to DIE for.  Meat overload w/ delicious hot peppers - so, so good!   Yeah, the crusty bread may "Cap'n Crunch" the top of your mouth a little bit but it's totally worth it. They had another location in North Phoenix closer to my house and sadly, it seems to have closed.  I may or may not have shed an actual tear.
Some of the last negative reviews are just plain whining. I've been eating here for years and the food has NEVER disappointed. The service is always consistent and friendly. The owners Tony and his wife, along with their son - treat you like family. Many of the servers here have been here for years.The restaurant is located in an old vintage house - so those complaining about the atmosphere or grounds are way off the mark as the antique and rustic feeling is part of the vibe.Is the Pizza as good as Bianco? No.Is the pizza outstanding? Yes - no question.Those comparing this to Bianco again again ad nauseum are missing the point. The pizza here has an extremely flavorful thin crust, and the pies are made by a real pizzailo chef straight from Italy. The pizza is generally perfectly charred, with a nice depth of flavors. This pizza is very similar to the pizza you might get in any good restaurant in Italy. So stop the whining and comparison to Bianco... sheesh! These are yummy pies any way you slice them, with some interesting twists like sweet aged Balsamic onions that my kids especially love. The salads here also rock - especially the Pesto salad with small crispy potato bits. Yum!When you come to Cibo you will be treated like family. Sitting outside among the beautiful mature trees and the cool lights at night makes for a wonderful evening out, and few restaurants in Phoenix can match the consistently great food and ambiance. Desserts are outstanding, and the Nutella Crepe with vanilla ice cream is simply delicate and melts in your mouth - I like this one better than the Fresca (fresh fruit) crepe as it has a direct route to my sweet tooth.So for the last few whiner Yelp reviwers...I say go get yourself a pizza "to go" at Panne Bianco and pick up a Red Box movie... and just stay home!They do not put Arugula on everything btw - goofy comments, what can you do lol.
Brew and View!!!!! Such an awesome concept. There is not much better on a hot summer's day than an ice cold movie theatre and a frosty beer. Now that the Esplanade has both you can be sure to find me here on a weekly basis. I got a 23oz stella for $7 bucks so I was quite impressed that they did not jack up the prices. They also sell all sorts of burgers, sandwiches, wraps ect.. I haven't actually tried the food so updates to follow.Insider Tip - Theatres 1-5 are the ones with the reclining chairs, the rest only rock... But rocking with a frosty beverage is A-OK. Bring a sweater, it gets really cold inside!
We like Buca for informal family gatherings.  Going to Buca means everyone will find SOMETHING they like.  It means we will have leftovers.  It means we won't have to clean up after ourselves.  The quality of Buca noticeably deteriorated after Planet Hollywood took over.  We'd been going to Buca for years in various states and things we loved started to disappear.  For example, Buca used to give you really good complimentary rosemary focaccia when you sat down.  Now they give you a semi-crusty white bread with zero flavor.  What do you want to bet they started selling more garlic bread and bruschetta when they stopped giving you the good free stuff?!  The portion sizes also changed noticeably. Still, you always have enough to eat (or more than enough).You always also have a good time.  How can you not?  We always look forward to seeing the old pictures... especially of old Italian movie stars, The Pope and various mischievous children.  Is this the best, most authentic Italian food around?  No.But they do have a lot of Italian-American classics that your family will surely enjoy.I can't give it a 4 stars due to commonly having received extra slow service (due to the kitchen) on busy nights and usually having a wait even with a reservation.  But the food is definitely better than, say, Chili's or other like-priced places.It's served family style for the most part, but you CAN get individual portions of most things at lunch.  Want a tip?  If you're craving spaghetti but you don't want to order a full portion, you can order the SIDE of spaghetti for only $5.99!  It is about 1/2 to 2/3 the size of the small spaghetti at a fraction of the price.
i'm not often overly impressed by vegan food - it's healthy so no need to be tasty - but this place is amazing.  almond milk shakes, homemade lemon and lime-aid.  spicy po boy sandwiches along with the spicy faux chicken wing sandwiches are huge stand outs but everything i've had seems to be incredibly good and , i assume, very healthy.  not sure how they pull it off but very impressed.  never had a bad dish and i make it a point to come here 2 or 3 times every time i'm in town on business. which is often.  the cutey college girls trying to look casual while wearing low cut t-shirts are kinda funny too.  "like, yeah, i just threw this loose fitting , low cut tshirt on without thinking. i had no idea that it exposes me so much! oopsy." getting back to the subject though - the food is good.
I worked at the Salt Cellar for over 11 years and I recently started a new restaurant job in Sacramento, CA. Just the other day a table of mine caught wind of the fact that I just moved here from Scottsdale and immediately said, "My favorite restaurant is in Scottsdale, It's called The Salt Cellar!" Needless to say I was extremely proud to inform her that I had spent the last 11 years of my life working at her favorite restaurant. Now with that being said I feel like I need to make a couple comments about a few of the reviews I just read...When you go to dine at The Cellar you need to know that it is more than a restaurant, it is an experience. Most people choose to come for special occasions like birthdays or Anniversaries. By the way, they offer a complimentary dessert for those occasions. Most people can not afford the luxury of dining at a pricey restaurant regularly although there are plenty of regular customers that dine there. In my opinion you get what you pay for and if you want to eat FRESH seafood in the middle of the desert, you are going to pay a pretty penny for it. Go to the coast if you don't like the gas prices it takes to ship fresh fish in on a daily basis. The food there is pure. By that I mean it is not spruced up with glazes and sauces to mask the true flavor of the fish you ordered. Some people may think that is bland. But I think if the chef masked the fish with other flavors, he might as well buy it frozen. My last point about the price is, there is no a la carte. When you order an entree there it comes complete with a salad, bread and two sides. I have seen people leave the place leaning forward because their full bellies wouldn't allow them to stand up straight. There is a review stating that the place is not kid friendly because they don't carry high chairs. Well, personally that is an incentive for me since I don't have kids and would rather not listen to them scream while I'm enjoying my dinner. However, they are very kid friendly. The owner has two beautiful granddaughters who have been dining there since birth. And if you happen to get Cara as a waitress she will probably take your child on a tour of the restaurant to give you a break while you enjoy your meal. It doesn't get much more kid friendly than that!It may seem like my opinion is a little biased, but I have nothing to gain from this review other than spreading the word that this unique little gem of a restaurant needs to be experienced by you. If you are questioning whether or not to dine there based on the past reviews then please take this one into account. It's a unique and unforgettable place. It's privately owned by a couple that care about every guest that walks in the door. If you don't like your dinner, do yourself and the restaurant a favor and say something. Your server will get you a new one or something different. No questions asked. They want you to walk out the door happy as much as you do. One last thing, in my opinion the best item on the menu is the Alaskan King Crab. Not only is it mouthwatering delicious. Your server will crack it table side for you!
This is the finest dessertery & cafe to satisfy your favorite sweet tooth cravings. They serve world famous exotic Belgian chocolates- Leonidas, along with various types of coffees and chocolate drinks made with fresh molten chocolates. They also have sinful tasting pastries and do not forget to try their Gelato, Italian Icecream.I even got some of these gourmet chocolates packed for friends and family back home.It's conveniently located within the new Westcor shopping center at SanTan Village.
We arrived at the Superstition Farm for our field trip.  Casey, the owner, motioned for my son to take a closer look at the free range animals taking their siesta around noon.  The goose, almost as big as my son, was staring him down.  I warned him that geese can be mean.  I shared a story  when I was once chased by an African goose while jogging.  He then focused on the ducklings and chicks instead, smart boy.Our group of mommies and kiddos were finally complete to take the farm hay ride tour.  Then, car loads of Red Hat Women started pouring into the little farm store.  We all looked at each other and wondered if they were part of our tour, too.  My cutie pie overheard our conversation and yelled out "the Red 'Hot' Women"!   I'm sure the old ladies must have been "hot" at one time, but they sure were cute!  Casey talked about the multi-generational farm and how they still run it as a family.  We now know more about dairy cows than we know what to do with.  There is also a petting zoo.  The crazy ass donkey startled us with its braying.  I want one of those little angora sweater bunny.  I don't know what you call it, but it's soft and furry just like my angora sweater. Finally, it was fun to shop for farm honey butter, herbed ricotta cheese and  a couple of cups of home made ice cream!  Little cutie pie went nuts over the novelty items inside the farm store.  We love this kinda stuff!
I love pho, ramen, basically any kind of noodle soup.  I have had my fair share of pho and I can honestly say that this is some of the best pho I've ever had!This is my go to place for a down home, no frills, cheap meal.Stick with the pho soups here, but some of the vietnamese rice dishes are scrumptious too.  Get #37 (Pork Chop Rice), it comes with pickled vegetables, shredded pork, something like a sausage patty, an egg cake, a pork chop and a side of fish sauce.  Here's a tip ask for a fried egg also which just goes great with the pork and rice. -(so delicious) I have been known to eat two meals a day here.Also, the staff is very friendly and it's family owned, so an extra + in my book.
stopped in here after having a horrible experience at a deplorable chop suey house...ugh.stepped foot in here and said...keep it kinda warm in here. then i noticed two guys hanging from the ceiling...OHH..the A/C is broken. explains why i'm sweating inside..but not outside. i grabbed a couple slices of...paper towels...and dabbed my head. ordered a slice of pizza and side salad.food was ok, atmosphere was ok, A/C was fixed before we left..but i almost witnessed one of the A/C techs fall from the ceiling onto the flattop grill and potentially hurt himself. i did't catch their license number to notify OSHA. but i'm sure they will not be acting like monkeys on the next job site. not too safe.not sure when i'll be back. i usually have place in mind before i'm in the area..so if plan B is in order..i'll grab a slice here. it's not that bad.
I would say this is definitely the best seafood I have had in AZ so far.  Really great food and great decor as well.  You pull up and wonder if you are in the right place but then you enter and go downstairs and see that the entire place is underground.  It all looks and feels like the inside of a ship and its surprisingly a very nice feeling.We had the crab cakes for an appetizer and then the stuffed lobster and the king crab legs.  Everything was very good.  Crab Cakes -They were great.  Not huge but great.  Almost no breading so tons of crab and a very nice dipping sauce that I can't recall.Stuffed Lobster -Nicely sized lobster with all of the meat intact (sometimes I feel that places replace some of the meat with the stuffing to use the meat elsewhere).  The stuffing was very good but seemed like a lot of breading.  Very nice dish though.King Crab Legs -These were great.  Very fresh.  No saltiness, fishiness, or hint of freezer burn that you get many times with king crab legs.  Quite a nice touch that the waitress cracks all of the shells for you tableside and even leaves all the kunckle meat easily accessible.  All the legs were an ok size but not huge.  They were cooked perfectly though.Overall I would say great seafood and a menu with tons of variety and fresh items.  It was a little over priced though.  Pretty much every dish was at least $30 and most were high $30s.  Not obnoxiously expensive but a little much.
Z Pizza I love you.  Screw Bianco's.  You are the best pizza joint in my book.  Every time I go, I get something fresh and delicious.  I used to always make custom calzones which were always to die for, but I mysteriously switched to pizza one day, and I haven't looked back.  After a bark at the park day I decided to try some of their pepperoni pizza that they had out and it was sooooo good.  That's all I get now.  The pepperoni is just perfectly spicy and the cheese is delicious and gooey.  Isn't that what pizza should be like?  Oh yeah, the crust.  I don't really like pizza crust unless I can cover it in ranch, but there is something about the crust here that is so good.  It's light and kind of fluffy.  It's substantial but not too thick.  Yum.  Plus, I can walk to this place from my house in like 5 minutes.  Score.  Thank you ZPizza for opening downtown, you made my dreams come true.
After so many review updates, I usually cease to write more unless I have something really noteworthy to add (a new menu addition or fave dish, or great customer service rendered, etc).  Unfortunately, I will have to say that this morning's breakfast of biscuits and gravy and a platter of peach creme brulee pancakes didn't have us leaving w/ happy stomachs :(  There were a couple of hitches, but these were easily amended.  (I think my love affair of DD's biscuit and gravy has ended.)  My major gripe was that our gingerbread pancakes did not contain candied ginger pieces-- did Daily Dose switch to a new mix/formulation?  If yes, please switch back!  The pancakes we had today were too dense and not at all the flavorful-spicy and texturally-exciting cakes we've had in the past :(  The peach creme brulee sauce also didn't arrive warmed, and instead was squeezed unappetizingly onto a sauce dish.  The leftovers that I usually get to enjoy again on one of my work breaks ended up in the trash.I'm going to go back again soon to give DD another try... I'd like to keep it on my list of fave brekky places!
I'm officially in my happy place! Yummy homemade Cuban food one mile from my house!!!My BFF, a co-worker, and I headed over here for lunch. As the name would indicate, it's a buffet, but you can order anything off the buffet as a main dish and a few other standard items are available daily (Cuban sandwiches - didn't try these today, but they looked just like the ones that I sucked down in Miami, Plantainos Maduros - yummy caramelized plantains, Tostones - smashed plantains fried in to little fritters, and OMG good Flan).We got there a little before noon and the place was full. The crowd was a mix of families and suit types. We were greeted by the friendliest of staff and headed off to the one free table. The menu and prices for the buffet vary by day and they are closed on Mondays. Take out is sold by the pound, so eating in is definitely the best bargain. As this was our first visit, we each decided to have the buffet to ensure we got to sample as much as possible.The main buffet has around 14 items. We tried the following:*Pollo Frita (Fried Chicken) and Fricas de Pollo (Sauce Chicken) - both were juicy and tender.*Estofado de Res Al La Jaudinera (Pulled Pork with Vegetables in a Tomato Sauce)*Puerco Asado (Unbelievably good roasted Pork - tender and juicy with just the right amount of fat for flavor)*Yuca Root (served in large slices - tender and yummo)*Con Gris (Black Beans and Rice)*Frijol Colorado (Red Beans)In addition they had two additional rices, menudo, pan (little rolls - these were the only things that were somewhat generic), and a soup (but we all thought it was way too hot out to try this one).There are two smaller buffets - one with fresh fruits and a tossed salad, and one with deserts (which we didn't even get to because we were so full).We added the Tostones (4 smashed plantains - fried in to little pancake like fritters) and Plantainos Maduros (caramelized plantains that we dusted with sugar - sending them right over the edge of gastric heaven). I think these were each $1.50 extra.Ended the meal with cubano coffee (mine con lech) and flan (really some of the best that I have had - dense and creamy with just the perfect amount of caramel sauce). I think the coffees were $1.50 each and the flans were $3.00 (well worth the investment and the perfect ending to a wonderful meal).Lunch ran about $16.00 for each of us, but we could have gotten out for under ten each if we had just stuck to the buffet. They have a decent selection of Cuban / Latin drinks, and coke products. And I'm pretty sure I saw someone with a Corona, so they must serve beer as well.This place used to be a Pizza Hut and doesn't appear to have gone through much updating, so don't expect much in the form of atmosphere, but the food is really good - not fancy (more like you would get at someone's home), and is very clean. The wait staff is extraordinarily nice and as they knew we hadn't been there before, kept asking if everything was ok and if we had any questions.One and a half hours after entering the place, we rolled ourselves back out in to the heat and vowed to be back soon! We were all so full that we would have been more comfortable if they had a wheel barrow service that could have ported us to the cars, but c'est la vie...So if anyone out there is looking for a good alternative to Havana Caf, please check this place out. The food isn't fancy schmancy, but it is all very good and authentic (Mama does the cooking!) and the Latin music in the background will have your toes tapping throughout your meal.
The Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated and I went here for lunch today, and as we'd experienced separately in the past - the food was great!Based on the foods he's disgusted by, I didn't order what I was in the mood for - had he seen it, he may not have been able to eat at all. So I went with the New Yorker (corned beef, pastrami, slaw and Russian dressing) on rye with the slaw on the side. He had the Black Forest (turkey, corned beef, grilled onions and Swiss.)Both are served with pickles (I believe house-made) and fries. The bread is great, the meat quality is great - and as we both packed half a sandwich and most of the fries into boxes for another meal, we were reminded that maybe next time we should just share a sandwich.Like all good delis - the portions are HUGE. And like all good Jewish delis - the service is subpar, the decor is hopelessly dated, the prices are definitely fair for the quality and quantity, and something about it just feels like "home."I made a mistake though. I ordered coffee instead of a chocolate egg cream. Too few places make a decent egg cream  - and I missed my opportunity. Then again, that's a good excuse to have to go back soon! (As if I needed one!)
Yumyumyum!  And good looking, too!  This place is hot!  It is surrounded by good shopping, has a nice outdoor area for people watching or kids playing, has a coffee bar for those who haven't kicked the java habit yet :).  It basically has it all!  I had a chicken panini on focaccia bread with pesto mayonnaise.  It was delicious but I'll warn you it was very large.  Don't feel like you need to get a side salad to come up with a filling lunch.  That said...the salads looked great, as well.The food service and cashier staff were very helpful.  They knew about the ingredients.  They knew what sold the best.  They were willing to tell you how they liked certain things prepared.  The place was so easy to find, park at and figure out, too.  Everything was clear in terms of where the bathrooms could be found, where the condiments and paper products were and where to start in line to do your ordering.The best part of the experience was the design, though.  This place is very modern/industrial with fun little touches like brushed steel purse hooks at the end of each table.  The bathrooms were separate stalls for the sexes, but had a terrifically outfitted co-ed sink/vanity area.  In addition, if you want to sit inside or outside they've got you covered...and I mean covered.  It felt cool inside and outside and it was kind of hot the day we went.I'm excited to bring the kids by...there are lots of places for them to play and the kids menu looked good and was very reasonably priced ($3 for a PBJ).Keep up the good work!
Love the Hut. Most sub shops have one token veggie sub, but not the Hut. They've got at least 7 different options for non-meat eaters, and they are all original and incredibly delicious. Best veggie subs: Humbolt, Griefo, Silver Haze, and my personal favorite, the Magic Mushroom: portabella mushrooms marinated in teriyaki sauce, topped with green peppers, pineapple & pepper jack cheese... Yum!Yeah, it's got the whole doobie-licious theme going, and yeah, it's pretty hilarious, but it's the sandwiches that keep me coming back. And the rice krispie treats. Oh, and the hemp brownies. Can't forget about the brownies.Service can be a little slow when they're busy, but it's so worth the wait.
I hate chains for the most part, and yet I admit that we went here...and that sometimes I just really like The Cheesecake Factory. Granted, we did have a big fat gift certificate to use...But you know what? Cheesecake is 100% solid. I've tried hating this chain like i hate so many other but I can't do it. Years go by, and I can't hate it.Four of us ate...a lot was ordered. Everything from the California omelette  to salads, the sweet corn tamale cakes, sliders, etc. Oh, and of course we shared two slices of cheesecake - Oreo and the low carb one for me. The low carb one isn't half bad! Is the menu ridiculously excessive here? YES. But does that mean there is something for everyone? YES. This is a good place for a group, a family, etc. Over the years I usually gravitate toward the shrimp scampi, the omelette, the angel hair pasta, or just the sweet corn cakes.The service is solid at pretty much any Cheesecake Factory. And the brown bread they bring is good. Over all, I feel like a chain loving whore coming here...but once in awhile that's okay.
I finally made it down here with the family and was pleasantly surprised at how quickly we were seated on a Friday night. Between four of us (2 adults and 2 children), we split a salad and two pizzas. The salad was the pesto dressing house salad which had mixed greens, shaved parmesan cheese, nuts, and lord if I can't remember the rest. It was very good though. It was too bland for my husband but I thoroughly enjoyed it. The pizza was Di Napoli and the Crudo. The white pizza was super greasy and too heavy for me. The crudo was good but be warned that the salami was very spicy. I had a glass of rose which was okay. I tried to get the Cioccolotini but they were out so we split a Limoncello instead. I loved the location and that it was a historic home. That adds such character.
After reading all of the 5 star Yelp reviews that came before mine, I knew I would like this place!  I was looking for the best place to get my boba fix, and I think I found it!  This was only my 2nd boba experience ever... I went with the green tea + soymilk boba; it was really good - not too sweet and just enough of the "chewies" as Amy D calls them or "gummy bear consistency balls" as several others referred to them!Eba has a welcoming atmosphere and Susie (the owner) was sweet as can be... with free wireless and plenty of other snacks to choose from, you cannot go wrong.I'll be back for sure to try some of the other chewable additions and flavored drinks.  For the health conscious, I noticed you can add protein to your smoothies and order your boba sugarless too!  Gotta love Eba Cafe!  FYI - Eba is located in a strip mall, I never would've noticed it if I didn't know about it from Yelp!
Best place for beer in the Phoenix area, hands down!  Great craft beers on tap and amazing selection of bottles for breweries around the US.  Make your own 6 pack and bring it home if you want.The buffalo chicken pizza is also really good.
My boyfriend and I made a deliberate trip to Phoenix just to eat Chris Bianco's pizza. It was one of the worse restaurant experiences I have ever had, and I never ate the food. The snarky hostess is most unwelcoming. She informs us it will be a 3 hour wait and that I must call every hour to check in, or she will take my name off the list. As a guest, I was treated like they were doing me a favor. This chick must be bangin' somebody to keep the hostess job. When we spoke with Chris, he shrugged his shoulders, like ...."I know I've heard it before."  There was more back and forth nonsense that I will spare you from reading.  We went to the bar next door and had some wine and talked to folks. The bartender had the audacity to tell me they don't need to be nice, look how busy they are?I Um, are you in a service business or what? Does "hospitality industry" mean anything to you?!  I'll take Nancy Silverton's Pizzeria Mozza in L.A. any day; where the menu is varied, the food exceptional, and you are welcomed and treated like a guest. Even if there is a wait, it's never a ridiculous 3 hours. It's only Phoenix for Pete's sake. Spare the attitude.
Rude customer service on telephone and not very helpful. The lady didnt even know what kind of salad dressing was on a greek salad and still messed it up! Hells Kitchen wings were dry and barely even mild. We live 0.8 miles away and delivery was between 1 hour and an hour and a half at 8:00. Then they were rude again upon delivery. One bright side was the calzone was good despite lacking ingredients ordered. Also a delivery fee is bogus after they made us add to our order to even get it delivered. Save yourself and go to Streets of New York very close by instead!
I'm not a huge tea person, although I try to be. The caffeine fiend in my needs some sort of boost, but typically it results in Diet Coke or coffee, but I occasionally also go the tea route. So while on a walk to lunch the other day, I stopped into Tea Time and now I'm a much bigger fan of tea! This place is as fresh as it sounds. Fresh loose tea lines the walls and they have every different kind imaginable. The tea smelled delectable and could almost be used as potpourri. They also carry several local products such as local honey, local olive oils and local chocolate. Way to support living and loving local, Tea Time!I originally stopped in while looking for a Mother's Day gift for my tea-loving Mom. They had great and reasonably priced options, such as an individual loose leaf tea maker that separates the tea from the loose leaves as you pour it out. They had a variety of tea cups and other tid bits that are useful for the tea drinker. In addition, they had some tea lying around to sample while I browsed. The entire store was fresh and airy, just like the tea! I think this is a perfect store for tea drinkers and those on the hunt for a unique gift for tea-drinkers. They also offer classes for those who know a lot about tea and those who don't know anything! I think that it would be a great touch if they added a sitting area and offered a place for visitors to sit down and enjoy tea and possibly even host "high tea" or "tea hour" for those who wanted to get together and have a pot of tea during the day. Maybe they could partner with 5th and Wine next door! Other than that, Tea Time is a great addition to the Valley!
McGurkee's, Im going to make this short my new found friend....Mad deliciousness is over-come at an even more delicious price. It's got this weird Irish Pub thing going on, yet it's an Italian Sub Shop. I got the Super Sicilian  - $6.50/ whole or $3.45/ half. The toasted Kaiser sub roll is pretty full of goodness on its own. And have fun flagging down a parking place because if its full and Im pretty sure it's full of "local flavor" inside too. The place only seats 12.
Woah!  I was in the mood for Boba (which tends to happen whenever I'm awake) and spotted Tea Infusion.  "I wonder if they have Boba?", I asked my partner in crime.  "Doubt it", she said, which instantly became a challenge.... As I walked in I noticed the place was very well decorated... nice, modern,. well lit... classy space, oh and smelled great!  Yes, they had Boba, but it was night time and I wanted something decaf.  The very friendly and helpful staff recommended I try the decaf, iced, soy, chai tea with boba.  haha.  Holy crap was it good!!  They brew the tea right there, to order, then ice it down, add soy, boba, boom, a dreamy combination of chai, soy, and boba.  It was phenomenal.  I wish it wasn't smack in the middle of the Tempe Marketplace, i.e. easier to get to, but rest assure every time I go to Dave and Buster's I will be hitting this place up for a "decaf, soy, iced chai tea with boba".
It's been years since I've been to Grazie, but I was pleasantly surprised that this place is still hopping! The service can be slow at times, but it's a great spot for a leisurely date night or dinner with friends. I absolutely love the twinkle lights romantically lighting the courtyard and the cozy and quaint vibe inside. The brick oven keeps the restaurant warm and smelling delicious. The customers are typically vibrant which makes this a lively spot but in a way that allows you to carry on a conversation without your neighbors listening in. For the food, I enjoy one of the bruschettas or bread dishes to start and for pizza, I love the Toscana which is mushroom and sausage. The pizza is thin crust and delicious. This is by far one of my favorite pizza spots and date night destinations in Old Town.
Yum. Seriously yum. I still kind of feel guilty about this massive breakfast I ate, but... I'll get over it. The pancakes are the star. As many people have pointed out. They're fluffy and have great flavor, and they're dripping with butter. Heaven. I had a plate with two pancakes, two sausage patties, two strips of thick and delicious bacon and two eggs over easy. Ridiculous. Joe himself even came around to see how things were. One star off for the kind of runny, undercooked eggs. Here's a solution to that problem, skip the stupid eggs next time and stick to what's good... Pancakes.
Juan's is so-so, acceptable but the guacamole, salsa, and chips are not homemade. I have been coming here for about 10 years, although not frequently. We know the family that runs the place and everyone gives great service except for the owner who is unfriendly. Lunch hour is always packed, be prepared to wait and no matter what, the wait to get your food is always slow no matter how empty or packed. On our recent visit, our chips were cold and stale, you could taste the lard and the salsa is a runny type most likely from a bottle. At least that's what is tastes like. Nothing about the beans and rice stands out. The burritos are well made and are pretty much the highlight of the menu. The prices are cheap $7-8 combos. Good if you are in the area but given the choice of having to take a drive, you can find better Mexican elsewhere.
My absolute favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley!I just happened upon this place over 4 years ago.  Though the decor was a bit cheesy, it has improved over the years.The service can't be beat!  As soon as my drink is almost empty enough to flag someone down, someone comes by and takes it for a refill.  I've never even had to remind them of what I'm drinking.What to get?The Thai beef sticks with peanut sauce to start.  (By the way, I never know the real names of stuff, so bear with me) They have green, red and yellow curry.  My favorite:  The red curry with shrimp and pineapple.  Ohhhhhhhhhhh my mouth starts watering as soon as I place my order.I always get two entrees, so I can take home the leftovers. MY FAVORITE DISH HERE:  The catfish.  I order "Thai hot" and as soon as it hits the table, my head clears up and I dig in with such zest, it's like I haven't eaten for days.I love the rice, too!  Sticky and it holds the sauces well.Finish up with the coconut ice cream.  GREAT palate-cleanser!Prices are great, or I wouldn't get the extra food to take home!
I swear to Buddah they spike their water with alcohol of some form, because no matter how much I drank to sober up last night, it never happened. Nice bartenders, comfy seating, all around chill. No complaints from me. Will def have to try something other than the water next visit.
2 people $70+ for $12.00 worth of food given the quality.  (and $12 is pushing it)The patio is very nice and I think would be both fun and fine for drinks, chips, guacamole, and salsa.  The Salsa is quite good.  If your planning to eat, go elsewhere!However, that's about where it ends from our experience.  Tortilla factory's food didn't rate on par with even some of the taco carts around town (some of which are actually quite good, so it's probably in insult to the carts to compare them with this place).  We ordered the mole ribs.  The mole was not traditional and was very bad; ribs were dried out and cold.  I think maybe they made the mole early in the day, and then held it around.  The taste was sour, burnt, and harsh.  Not the subtle spice and flavor of a good mole.We then went on to have several main dishes.. one of which was the green pork Chile Verde.  The presentation was awful and the dish looked washed out and very bad.   Think Alpo.   The flavors of the sauce as good but, the meat was dry and tough.The other dish we had was a sweet honey steak dish.  The flavor was fair, presentation was decent however.Overall, I'd have to say I felt sorry for the servers and anyone going here thinking that they are getting a taste of local fare.   Sadly, the food is a very poor representation of the city and its diverse southwestern/Mexican culture.This restaurant has such potential due to its location, but, it's time to change out the chef or get a restaurant consultant in and refresh the menu for it ever to be taken seriously for anything but drinks on the patio.   If you want good southwestern fusion fair in old town Scottsdale, try "The Mission" on the other side of Scottsdale road and just a couple blocks south or Barrio Cafe in central Phoenix.
For my 100th Yelp Review I wanted to write about someplace that I adore. It was a twist of fate that I ended up here in the first place, and while I'd heard how great it was I wasn't prepared for the sheer magnitude or the selection they offered. When the doors opened to reveal a warehouse devoted solely to wine, spirits, and crafted beer, I think my heart skipped a beat for a moment. Aisles and aisles of gorgeous bottles of wine from vineyards in every corner of the globe was a bit overwhelming at first, but after getting lost in them for a while became more of an adventure looking at grape variety, origin, and labels.Next, on to the crafted beers. Now, for those of you that read my reviews, you know I can't have gluten. I haven't had "real" beer in almost 10 years now but was almost brought to tears when I realized that Total Wine carried not one, not 2, but FOUR types of gluten free beer plus a fine selection of hard ciders! OMG OMG OMG! I gladly paid $10 for a 6 pack of Bard's Sorgum beer and will be back to buy another 6 pack with my nifty $1.00 off coupon I got by email. My husband tasted a sip of my Bard's and had to look at the label twice to make sure that it was actually gluten free because he couldn't tell the difference. Gluten free or not, it's a mighty tasty beer.Finally, the perfect finish to my visit that day was the nice young man at checkout who asked me for ID. His button read "We card if you look younger than 30" and I nearly kissed the kid when he wouldn't even ring up my purchase until I could prove to him that I was of age. Thank you Mr. Check Out Guy, for making this 30-something's day with your simple request. 5 stars all around.
Pizza just doesn't get any better than this. Though we have traded in the 120 degree heat and urban sprawl of Phoenix for the green and walkable goodness of Portland, I will always look back fondly on Grimaldi's as one of the brightest stars in the dark void representing palatable food to be found in Phoenix. To be sure, there are better restaurants in Phoenix -- but there are no better pizzas. The topping choices are simple and down-to-earth (no pineapple here!), the way a pizza should be: oven roasted sweet red peppers, ricotta cheese (to die for), sun dried or fresh sliced tomatoes, pepperoni, onions, fresh garlic, Italian sausage, meatballs, pesto, mushrooms, and extras of their base ingredients: mozzarella cheese, basil, and "Grimaldi's Famous Sauce." With these kinds of ingredients, you really cannot go wrong, so have fun picking and choosing!While we like the "white" pizzas with garlic the best, it's not the sauce that makes the difference -- it's the deep, smoky taste of the coal brick oven baked into the thin crust and substantially portioned ingredients. Individual flavors bursting forth from a common shroud of fire.Grimaldi's also offers a selection of starters, including antipasto and a variety of reasonably priced salads; some hot and cold beverages, including beer; and a few East Coast style desserts like "New York Style" cheesecake, cannoli, oreo cookie (invented in NYC in 1912), and tiramisu.  Of course, all the East Coast style pizza and desserts in the world won't change Scottsdale, AZ, into New York City. Indeed, Patsy Grimaldi's exceeds its New York counterparts by catering to the Scottsdale public and providing finer and more spacious dining areas, both inside and out. Service is prompt and always agreeable, even when things get busy. Speaking of which, be sure to make a reservation for larger dinner parties, especially on the weekend.Though we've left the desert for greener lands, I'm not sure we'll find a local pizza joint that will compare. Goodbye Grimaldi's, we'll miss you.
Switch was pretty good. Nothing negative during my experience but nothing super amazing, either.  Everything was good, the patio was cute, our waiter was nice. Really A-OK! :) but not somewhere i would say "LETS GO TO SWITCH!!!! IM CRAVING IT!" Here are my likes (i have no dislikes)- the specials, can't beat the price. - the mac & cheese- our waiter (dusty)- patio- heaterall in all, i dig it. if someone wanted to go here i'd be up for it. also, i would recommend it as a place to go if you're wanting to eat a bit later since their kitchen is open til midnightish.
My friends love Four Peaks for the beer, especially Kilt Lifter.  I hate Four Peaks because everyone loves it.Well, hate is a strong word.  I don't really hate it.  The food is great, especially when you're comparing it to other bars.  The food is prepared like the food is Four Peaks' specialty, which is impressive for a brewery.  The beer is good for a local brewery. I hate that every time I've gone to Four Peaks, I've had to wait, wait, wait for a table.  Four Peaks doesn't have a host or hostess who is handling seating so you're completely on your own.  I suppose if you go at at time that the place isn't completely packed, it's a decent system.  Every evening I've gone, I've found myself frustrated that I couldn't get a seat or practically had to start a fist-fight to get one.  I'm not even 5' tall so fighting isn't usually a good idea for me.  The reality is that my friends and I find ourselves standing, typically in a walkway where we have to dodge the waitstaff, watching for a table to open up.  On a Friday night after a long day at work, it's simply too much work to try and get a table.  I'd rather visit a hole in the wall bar where I can find a seat without work or a restaurant with an actual seating system.
Oh, how I LOVE the donuts here!  Seriously, the most amazingly fresh donuts you will ever eat.  I have probably had every single variety offered, and still haven't found one that doesn't meet my donut-snob standard.  My favorites are the pink-frosted sprinkle cake donut, cinnamon crumb in cake and raised form, and the maple bars.  We have called ahead for large orders, which were always perfectly executed.  I only wish that this spot was on my way to work... although I'm gaining weight just thinking about it.  I'm ONLY taking off a star because their bathroom is seriously disgusting.  Really.  Don't go in there. EVER. But, ignoring that downside... this is the BEST donut shop in all of AZ!
Good, not great, but I can feed myself for two days with one stir fry.. can't beat that!
I'm a vegetarian, but even I still can't decide when I come to Lo-Lo's.  The food is just a big juicy heart attack waiting to happen, but by God, if you're gonna go, go out in style.  Love!
L'amour, l'amour -- toujours l'amours!  I love you Mojo!   My account exec and I took a stroll down Mill Ave the other day to have our weekly meeting off site. It was the afternoon and the weather was nice and she suggested we hit up Mojo.  I'd not been yet but I'd heard some stirrings about this place.  I'm thinking, yogurt.  Yeah.  Thrills. Little did I know what was in-store for me!First off, Mojo gets big points for decor/ambience. They took that nasty former Quiznos and turned it into a pleasure den of low-fat lusciousness.  The whole place is so visually appealing that I just want to hang out there all day...incredible blend of bold reds and shimmering oranges -- from floor to ceiling the joint is spic-and-effig-span CLEAN.  It literally sparkles and the staff was all over keeping the place wiped up and hyper-presentable.   There are funky late 60's-early 70's light fixtures and form-molded chairs and shiny red diner-style booths throughout.  The music (which is so freaking key to ambiance and I don't know why so many people miss this), is a killer mix of positive, chill alternative.The whole place is set up like a giant oval. Really good deployment of human factors engineering/usability with the redesign of the space.  You enter up front, bear to the left and grab your container of choice.  Then you follow  the back wall around and indulge in up to like 14 flavors of frozen yogurt. Fill your cup 'cuz it's only $0.39/ounce!  I got the mint and the pistachio (which was absolute heaven in a cup!).  They also have little "Ny-quil" sized cups for sampling. The green tea was gross - -avoid. Next comes the best part -- two mini buffet bars of the most righteous yogurt condiments/compliments I've ever seen...fruit, nuts, jimmies..etc. and some innovative faves like Cap'n Crunch, Cocoa Pebbles and this interesting chocolate stuff called "flake". I keep wanting to call it "bark" or "root"...I dunno why.Then you slide on over to the super helpful and incredibly upbeat & welcoming lady at the reg, who weighs your yogurt and you pay.  At 39 cents an ounce this stuff is cheap. Then go enjoy your snacky-treats inside or outside on Mill.   It's delicious.  The entire experience is great and the staff is top-notch.After tasting the pistachio the one day with my AE -- I craved it all the next day, so the other half and I drove back into Tempe after dinner the next nite for a replay.  Unfortunately they'd swapped out the pistachio for "birthday cake", which made me slightly sad, but the mint still rocks my world.  You can sit on the bench outside and watch the freaks fly their flags and the business travelers & stoo-dents walking by.  Great people watching. Too much fun.  Too delicious. Too perfect a cost for a great time.  I say 100% phenomenal value and I'm so glad you're adding value to the Mill Ave street scene.Yay for Mojo!  Yay for Tempe!  Yay for Yogurt!  Yay for me!
Everyone raves about this place and yet I am still trying to figure out why? No offense but they really do put on way too much frosting on their cupcakes and my mom makes way better cupcakes. Don't get me wrong, for those of you that love this place, by all means enjoy, plus they are very charitable, however these cupcakes just are not on my top fav list.
This is one of the better steaks you can find in town. Excellent service. The antique bar and the history of the place is nifty too. However, the location is weak - unless your staying near the airport. This is an upscale steakhouse for special occasions, so dress up.
It's about the Integrity of the Coffee?!Really, you talk down to me (the short little man behind the counter) because putting my Americano in a 16 oz cup will ruin the integrity of the espresso.  This is laughable, rude and downright ridiculous and your coffee, while good, is not the best around.So I go in and order a 16 oz Americano.  The very friendly young woman behind the counter informs me that they can only make a 12 oz Americano (even though they do have 16 oz cups) and offers to add shots to the 12 oz Americano.  She says that it is about the integrity of the coffee.  I ask, very politely, if they can pour the 12 oz Americano in a 16 oz cup.  Why?  Because, I happen to like milk with my coffee.  The young woman (I would use her name but I do not know it) said she was not sure if she could and conferred with apparently the person in charge - maybe an owner, maybe a manager and definitely what I would consider an unnecessary, condescending coffee snob.  He tells me that they only do a 12 oz American in a 12 oz cup because, apparently, the integrity of the coffee will be ruined if the 12 oz Americano is put in a 16 oz cup.  (Can someone explain to me two things please.  One, when did coffee, wait, excuse me espresso, obtain a personality and gain integrity?  Second, what lab work has been done that has determined that the integrity of espresso changes when poured from a 12 oz cup to a 16 oz cup?)Then he looks at me, and in probably the most condescending tone I have heard from someone who is trying to run a business in downtown Phoenix say, "Why, do you want to put milk in it?"  As if milk was the mortal enemy of the human race.  I said yes, I did.  He then threw up his hands and with a heavy sigh said to the woman behind the counter, to just do it (twice) and he walked away.   I paid for the coffee, had milk put into it (btw, they have cream on the counter, along with sugar and fake sugar and simple syrup to put in the coffee).  The coffee is good, though it is bitter.  I can think of 2 or 3 other places where the coffee is better and that will get my business.  You, Cartel people, run a coffee shop.  You are a service industry trying to make a go of it in downtown Phoenix.  Customers are not always right, but treating customers badly is poor form  Good luck to you and may your espresso always maintain whatever integrity you feel it should have.
The Mrs. and I had never been here yet. Her boss was in town and we needed a place to take her for dinner before she caught her flight home. Now normally, we don't like to take someone somewhere we haven't been, but her boss had heard about St. Francis and wanted to go.Here's another, "I really wanted to like this place, but..." review. I thought the food was good. Very tasty and decent portion sizes. However, for what you get, I thought it was a bit overpriced. We enjoyed our dinner at a quiet table upstairs, but since her flight wasn't until almost midnight, we decided to hang out for awhile and enjoy a few beverages and catch up. Everything was great until they decided to close the upstairs around 10 PM and they sent our waitress home form the evening. The waiter who took our order was a little snooty and appeared to have other places he'd rather be. Drink refills were few and far between and we thought they were trying to close up. I excused myself to use the men's room and when I went downstairs I was surprised to see the downstairs was still very busy. I'm the waiter would have rather not have had to cover both the upstairs and the downstairs, but we were courteous and tipped well. I'm sure we'll go back and try them again. I really like the ambiance of the patio. It seemed like a great place to enjoy dinner and drinks on a beautiful evening.
Beautiful view. Lovely surroundings overlooking the Scottsdale Center for the Arts, where lots of outdoor festivals take place. Decent food. Nice relaxing music in the background. Nice patio.If you don't mind a staff with attitude, then you'll love this place. (ahem... welcome to Snottsdale.) Questions like "Temperature?" when ordering a burger as opposed to "How would you like that done?" leave the guest translating waiter's meanings. Personally I appreciate waiters who are there to ensure you are comfortable and pleased with the dining experience. After working 10+ years in the hotel business I know what I am talking about.Oh and even locating the restrooms proves to have attitude. Guests must pay attention to the gender identifiers which are way at the bottom of the door softly illuminated. And inside the mirrors were at every angle and odd lighting showing far more than I need to see. Gheeezzz!There are so many other choices where I can spend my money... I think I will chose a friendlier place next time.http://homepage.mac.com/az88/Site/Home.html
This is so not in my ballpark. My family used to torture me and take me to Souper Salad when it was at the Pavillions.I was dragged here by some folks when attending a seminar nearby. For what it is, it wasn't bad. Veggies & salads seemed to be quite fresh. Pretty tasty.  They had a huge selection of soups which is always good. I think there about 8 options and I hit on 2 of them. Thank goodness they had the baked potato bar. Pretty hard to mess that up. Pizzas (which I find to usually be terrible at these places) wasn't bad. Kind of a meager selection at the pasta bar. I always dig the frozen yogurt bar. Butterscotch ftw.Walking in & out though, the sight of St. Francis and the proximity to Postino were killing me.While I will never go to one of these places on my own volition, I can handle Sweet Tomatoes and am confident that I'll be able to rustle up something acceptable.
I really wanted to give 1 star, but the beef was good. Got 2 Italian roast beef sandwiches and fries.LOUSY service, mediocre proportions vs others around, no fresh cut fries! Hardly any giardiniera. Come on. Fresh cut fries are sooo much better and cheaper for the store. Rude fat bastard working the counter. Even my mom couldn't believe how rude he was. He acted like it was the worst day of his life and he wanted to burn the place down or something.Almost every other place I have tried has more meat and no probs with customer service. Rosati's was better. Joey's was better. Chicago hamburger company was better. Defalcos was better. Philadelphia sandwich company was better, kinda. PSC is kinda hit and miss.Luke's was good a long time ago. With so many other places serving basically the same thing, you have to set yourself apart from other places. Luke's does, but in a bad way. And if you've ever had a sandwich in Chicago, DOESN"T EVEN COMPARE! Twice if not 3x more meat.AND I ASKED FOR IT DIPPED! THEY DIDN'T!
Ahhhhh, a traditional sushi bar! My wife and I were in town for the weekend and had already splurged (big time) on Roka Akor the night before, but were still hankering for a more traditional sushi experience. Since we were way up north, Toyama was a great local choice. I am so glad we ate there!SERVICE: The service from both the sushi chef/owner (Mo) and the wait staff was excellent. I was a little disappointed they didn't have any raspberry liqueur to satisfy my down-market penchant for "purple haze" style hot sake, but I don't hold it against them.FOOD: As usual I can't recall everything we ate, but it was all very fresh and delicious, meticulously and attractively presented. I give high marks to any sushi chef who serves fresh wasabi instead of the reconstituted powder stuff, and Mo served up some kind of fresh wasabi with diced jalapenos or other chilis in it (I think he called it wasabi pico?).  All in all we were very very happy with this dining experience. Toyama has found a new out-of-state fan in us!
This particular Taco Bell has never forgotten to complete my order, and has always taken "special requests" easily.Not like some of the others...
So am I the only person that watches Man vs. Food?  Well if you watch that show then you'll know what I mean when I say...OH MY GOODNESS...OH MY GOODNESS!!! OH MY FRICKEN GOODNESS!This is the best burger I've eaten in the state of Arizona over the past 12 years!I tried to understand what I was feeling when I took my first bite so I could describe it to you...you know how Man vs. Food does it?  All I can say is, it was JUICY, FLAVORFUL, EXTREMELY DELICIOUS and HUGE!  I just got the 2 patty!  Oh I can't forget the fries!! THE BEST FRIES EVER! If you don't believe me then go check it out for yourself!This place can become very addicting.  It taste like a homemade grilled burger but 50 times better!!!  All I gotta say is In and Out, Fat Burger need to pack up their stores and get the hell outta town!  I done found my new burger joint!
I was surprised to find Ticoz in a strip mall, but all the same, they luckily have little banners up near the road so once you've driven by and seen them, you can turn around and go back in the correct direction (I get a little anxious driving in unfamiliar places so maybe I'm just nutty).I walked in the door looking a bit confused and the people at the bar waved me in and said hello.  I was glad to be welcomed in my disoriented state.  I walked in right around 4:30 and the place was dead, but by the time I left around 6, people were waiting to get seats in the bar area.  I was meeting a friend, so the bartender was kind enough to get me a water and some salsa/chips while I waited.  As many other reviewers mentioned, the chips were totally store bought which was strange.  There was three different salsas- I enjoyed the thinner spicier one of the three but could appreciate the pico, as well.  Once my companion had arrived, we both chose our own flavored mojitos .  I tried out the raspberry mojito which I was happy with.  I'm not really a mojito girl, but this one packed a definite punch.  Plus, it was super cheap as it was happy hour!We ended up ordering two appetizers off of the $5.00 bar only menu to get a little sampling of what Ticoz had to offer in the food department.  Plus, it seemed like a pretty incredible deal and I felt like we would be fools to pass it up.  We shared the street tacos and quesadillas.  Our bartender offered to make the tacos however we wanted (mix up the meat, and the tortillas) so we could both have what we preferred.  I loved the chicken taco, but wasn't too pumped up about the quesadilla as it was just a quesadilla.  The value was pretty incredible, though...I enjoyed Ticoz quite a bit- it has a cute feel and the service we received was wonderful.  The tacos are a sealed deal, as are the punchy mojitos.  It also has a great happy hour, which I'm always down for.
This place is so awful that I don't even want to spend too much time writing this review.Food is mediocre, service was extremely rude, my catering order was never filled and when I called to confirm the order one hour prior to pickup they just simply told me they didn't make it and wasn't planning on doing it...huh?  I once found a cooked cockroach in my dim sum dish...that was it...would never ever go back.
For a great family dining experience, Joe's is the place to go.  Awesome homemade food including my favorites, cheesy potatoes, macaroni and cheese, and apple crisp.  Did I mention homemade root beer, red cream soda, and fresh lemonade?  The moist, and tender pulled pork sandwich is to die for.   Joe's offers a delicious, clean, fun, family friendly dining experience.  Plus, if it's your birthday, you get a free meal!
If you're looking for a hang out in the middle of summer, keep on walking. Since it has an open window bar plus misters it will be about 100 degrees with 80% humidity inside. The tacos here are pretty good, but a little pricey for Tempe in my opinion. It's also a great place to visit for happy hour but we weary of staying too late because it quickly changed into a "club" (by Tempe standards) shortly after 10. One benefit is that the large couch area is pretty good for large groups snacking and drinking.
Did I come on the wrong night??After reading the 2 reviews I think I must have .. Yes, my ribs did fall of the bones but, it was fall of the bones DRY! The house bread was nice and fresh and I had the best sweet potatoes. But, I came for the ribs~!Supposedly they are also known for the prime ribs but my friend was not happy with his. Our server was great but MY RIBS WERE DRY!!!!!!!Don't mess with me when it comes to my  meat!!!!
I've been a handful of times now.  All I've had is the pizza, but I've had most of the menu (not difficult with only 6 choices).  The last time I went my friends added additional items which didn't improve their pizzas.The positives -- good crust and fresh organic ingredientsThe negatives -- poor pizza design, poor execution, long linesOne bit of good news is that Pizzeria Bianco is now open for lunch.  The last two times I've eaten here there was no line; both were afternoon meals.  The lines are still long in the evenings.I like the crust, as overly thin and slightly burnt as it might be.  And I appreciate the organic ingredients.  But they just don't taste very good.  The Margherita and Biancoverde, two pizza styles I normally love, are just kind of boring.  Supplemental ingredients (expensive to add and the restaurant actually adds too much of them to your pizza) don't help.  The Sonny Boy has sort of a sharp olivey flavor which isn't desirable, and the Wiseguy pizza is less than the sum of its parts.But in addition to the flawed pizza design, I've experienced inconsistency in the pizzas I've had.  The same pizza can taste substantially different on different visits.  Some might argue something about each pizza being unique because they are made by hand, but my experience is that it is simply poor execution.One last item.  This didn't contribute to the review, but is worth noting.  This has to be the worst pizza I've ever had "the next day".  Whether eaten cold or reheated (something I do with a lot of pizza), it is borderline inedible.  Not a requirement for a good pizza place, bur don't over-order because your take home portions will just go into the trash.
I cut this new Buffet a lot of slack back in May because they had just opened, but now here it is two months later & sadly the place is still a disaster case!  I was joined for lunch today by Jose C. & Mike C.  One thing that was all fixed and ok now was the bathroom, but then?  Eek!     :-OThe biggest single problem was the food...  a strange mishmash of dishes that didn't go very well together to begin with, & then almost everything I tried today was blah tasting & VERY SALTY!  If fact, the Chicken Noodle Soup was so salty I couldn't even eat it, & I like salt!  Then my "ice water" was served at the table at room temperature, and so on.     :-OSomeone mentioned in their review that the woman & man who run the place were yelling at each other during their visit.  Yes, I heard the same thing both times I came here.     :-OAt the end we had to hunt for a long time to find the lady to pay her, & they don't even have a cash register or the ability to provide a decent receipt for the purchase.  (My business requires me to keep them.)  She fumbled around to find some money to give me my change!     :-OI like a good Mediterranean Buffet such as the ones at Cafe Istanbul & Princess Mediterranean Market, but there are just too many shortcomings here, & they've had enough time to get things on track.  Ugh!     :-OLunch Buffet:  $7.99
The one and only time I visited was just enough to make me not want to try again. I went early enough in the lunch period that they should have what is on the menu. I tried to order two dishes to go, neither was available. So I just order what ever catches my eye at another glance at the menu. One chicken dish and one pork. Both were dry and just bad. My mate opened his box and took a bite and asked me what this crap was and tossed it in the trash. I made a couple of clubs at home instead.
I liked everything about this place except for the food. I had a grilled Panini  which consisted of ham, turkey, tomatoes and way too much honey mustard. I thought it tasted awful. My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm. She thought it was just ok. The person getting the soup asked me if I wanted asiago croutons with the soup, I said ok. And unknowingly agreed to be charged an additional 59 cents. I thought it was part of the deal with the soup. That really pissed me off when I got to the register. Note to management - You might think you're making extra bucks with that soft upsell method but you are really losing returning customers. Why don't you be UNFRONT AND HONEST and say "would you like some asiago croutons with the soup for an additional 59 cents?".This place looked like they had great desserts. A great alternative to the ice cream places around Desert Ridge. They had an ipod/pc charging station and the seating and general vibe to the place was great.It might be a long time before I give this place a second chance.
Gross.  Wife didn't even bother to take left-overs.  Place does not look clean.  A warning sign for us should have been that this "mexican" place is staffed with gringo servers.  Every quesadilla we ordered arrived soggy, not a single item we ordered was crisp.   Margarita was one of the worst we've had in the north valley (which is really saying something).  Kids seats had broken seat belts.All of this is sad because we had high hopes for this place especially after reading the positive reviews.Not mexican, but infinitely better is Mi Comida at 43rd Ave & Bell.
We sat at the piano bar. My date ordered a 2010 Mirassou Pinot Noir. $6.75. This Monterey County wine has flavors of cherry, strawberry, red currant notes and is well balanced. I drank Bombay Shapphire martinis, three olives. $10.50, I love this gin's predominant juniper berry flavour.Sipped an amazing lobster bisque and a luscious butternut squash soup. $6 each. Also enjoyed a spicy Chipotle Shrimp Flatbread with grilled pineapple, Feta cheese and roasted poblano peppers.$10. Finished with their mini indulgences, chocolate peanut butter mousse and a pumpkin pie mini with double gingersnap crust. $2.50 each.The restaurant concept delivers a sophisticated, masculine and casual atmosphere. The seasonal menu offers fresh ingredients and can deliver lower-calorie option. JJ Jones at the piano was a pleasure to listen to and chat with.
Had a Great dinner at Flo's tonight, Fried brown rice, non-breaded orange chicken, cashew chicken, lettuce wraps, tofu and vegetables and spring rolls.  Love the contemporary atmosphere.
Absolutely delicious Mexican tamales!!  All 4 flavors were incredible.  Living in LA and at times Mexico, I know a good authentic tamale and this is definitely it.
All I have to say is- start with the pineapple upside down cake with coconut ice cream.  If you eat nothing that night this is a MUST!!!!!!Everyone was nice- I was disappointed that my drink glass not only had chipped rim in many spots but there was a huge crack that was ready to go. My girlfriend had chips on her rim glass too.  Split the sushi appetizer- it was perfectly seared Ahi Tuna- perfectly cooked- but it's spicy. I am not a huge spice fan so I cut the edge and then was able to tolerate it.  Had the bass- just as wonderful as I though. My girlfriend had the halibut- yummy. The oven roasted tomatoes on the halibut plate were AMAZING- but only two little slices. When it's that good you want a bowl full.  The setting was a bit dim and low noise level. We were getting tired just being there. They need to turn up the lights.  I would go back without a doubt- but I am not kidding when I say probably THE best dessert I have had in my life- and I know desssert!!!!!
I have a special place in my heart for My Mother's because it was where I broke my 15 year streak of vegetarianism.  And I never had any of the alleged gastrointestinal repercussions that I anticipated.The roast turkey is better than my mom ever made, not that it means much because my mom never cooked.  But it's still good.  The salad bar is pretty awesome too.  It's small, but they manage to fit almost every thing I could possibly want into a four foot long space.  And, they have real homeade bleu cheese dressing that tastes like bleu cheese throughout.  Not like the crappy version that tastes like ranch with bleu cheese lumps in it.I had the pizza once and was incredibly underwhelmed.  Maybe it's better when you get it at the restaurant and not as take-out, but I'll never try it again.  It reminded me of a frozen pizza.Today, because we're on a mission to find awesome wings, ordered some wings as our appetizer.  Our entrees came out before our appetizer.  But when we told the waiter they immediately put them in to cook to our specifications.  Then they didn't charge us for it.  Nice!  Bad service?  No, just an honest mistake that they immediately corrected.The wings however were not that good.  They were cooked crispy like we like it and the sauce had the right ingredients, but the ratio of butter:vinegar:heat was off.  Too much butter!  I felt like I was eating wings in cream sauce it was so buttery.  It coated my mouth with an oily gunk for far too long.  Maybe I wouldn't have noticed if it actually came as an appetizer.I still love My Mother's, particularly for the stuff that my mother should have made: turkey, chicken, meat loaf, turkey pot pie, etc.  But I would stay away from the wings and pizza.
I personally have no clue why the amazing reviews. For one they have 4 menus, its bizarre and unnessasarry. Then they like got one of the menus in off white with like highlighter print and you cant even see the writing. Dinner service is slow as it gets. It took me an hour and a half to get 2 rolls and the last time 2 hrs for like 3. The fish itself is fresh, I had things there that were good and stuff that was not at all good. Whoever cuts the fish has no experience clearly. The slices are thick and cut in odd places. The scallop carrpaccio was realy good and the yellow tail carpaccio was kinda gross and in huge thick chunks. If you can combine all four of your menus hire a few more servers or kitchen help, andtrain the dude who cuts blocks of fish this place has a solid foundation for success its just a few things that keep me un interested. If I was invited here by a friend I might come back but I would not reccomend or elect to come back with out influence. I dont talk like that??
On a recent Sunday, on my way to get brunch at a downtown eatery, I had a horrible realization.  My restaurant didn't open until 10:30, and it was only 10:00.  I couldn't wait, I needed food STAT!And then I saw Fez.I ordered a G-Spot (drink), which is appropriately named.  Light and fizzy, it was delicious.  Not in the mood for breakfast foods I ordered a Balsamic Blue cheese burger with spicy fries.In no time at all I had a beautiful plate of food in front of me.  The burger was perfectly cooked and delicious.  Even with strong flavors like Blue cheese and Balsamic glaze the flavor of the beef stole the show. The fries were messy and wonderful, chock full of spicy goodness.  I felt no shame for the spice stain that surrounded my mouth.  The fries came with a garlic aoli that perfectly balanced out the flavors.Since that first fateful visit Fez has slowly taken over as my brunch spot of choice.  I'm ok with that.
This place is phenomenal.The food not only is scrumptious but can be a real work of art. I also love Caf Bink.
Finding a really good, homey Chinese restaurant is really important to me and my husband. Call us crazy, but we love Chinese food, and there's something special about a family-style restaurant that can't be replaced with all the PF Changs and Pei Weis and Panda Expresses of the world. When a friend told me her family has been going to Wong's for years and years, I knew I had to try it. When we walked in, the decor reminded me of my family's local Chinese restaurant that we loved. After we were seated, our waitress brought us hot tea and ice water. My husband and I have a ritual: he gets whatever is most like his favorite dish (General Chu's Chicken) and I get something different. Then, he has to have noodles. He found the Emperor's Chicken, which was very good. The big chunks of white meat chicken were fried, but not thickly battered. The sauce was spicy with a hint of sweetness. Our other dish was the Mongolian Beef. It was very good, but not as good as my favorite Mongolian sauce - at the Mandarin Grill in Tucson. The lo mein noodles were good, but my husband wanted the BBQ pork, and that's not really something I like. My water glass was never even half empty before our waitress came to refill it, and the tea was very good. I am so happy to have found a good Chinese restaurant in the West Valley, not too far from home.
I was hoping I would like this place better, but that is not so.  After telling my husband that I was feeling particularly inclined to eat either Mexican ( a rare occurrence for me ) or Chinese food, he suggested Chino Bandido.  After a little bit of research on the internets I decided that there was something suitable for me there.At first glance, the place looks seedy.  Upon closer inspection, it just looks dirty.  That didn't really bother me as some of the best food can come from the not so best looking conditions.  They haven't been shut down, so how bad can it be?  The way of ordering food here is a bit too complicated, you feel like you're taking a pop quiz you aren't prepared for.  The little sheet of paper you use to order just doesn't have very good instructions.  However, the girls working here were all very nice and helpful, and more than willing to dole out samples to anyone interested.  I finally ordered the Jade Red Chicken with plain fried rice.  The rice definitely seemed like a fusion of the Asian and Mexican with the style being Chinese, but the flavor being very Mexican.  The chicken itself was rather tough, definitely not a high quality.  The crispiness of the batter was really good though.  The sauce that makes this Jade Red was described as sweet and sour with a kick.  Well, I missed the sweet and sour flavor.  It was more along the lines of just kick.  Now, I understand I have a low tolerance for spices, but this was over the top for me.  I will be back next time I am congested.  The snickerdoodle they served with your meal is the bomb though.  Yum.Overall, I am not really impressed.  Creative, but not something I'm really feeling.  I think I may check out the Chandler location to give this place another shot.  A pretty decent place that I guess is worth checking out, if only to laugh at the giant strapped panda bear statue inside.
There are so many things *right* with Hana that one can almost overlook the sordid quality and schmaltzy presentation of their sushi rolls.Overriding every other concept of the restaurant is the fact that 95% of the hungry patrons at Hana are boozehounds like myself, and this place will cater to the unholy amounts of BYOB that each table will bring.  What is truly exceptional is that 1) No corkage fee 2) They will chill your white for you in an ice bucket at the table 3) If you bring beer, they will keep it in their fridge for you and bring you another as you continue to dine  4) everyone here relishes in this policy.Seriously, I witnessed a table of 5 with 5 bottles of wine and a sixer of some imported swill.  You could eat a seaweed wrapped piece of Gypsy at this saturation point, and it would taste like toro.So, my gf Melissa B and I get there around 6:30 on a Saturday loaded up with our Sav Blanc and six of Rogue Dead Guy Ale and with full intentions of waiting for a table due to the popularity of this restaurant and its 50 person max capacity.  Surprisingly, they had 3 tables open, all of them 4-tops.  The hostess informs us that the wait will be 20-25 mins and I'm thinking 'oh, cool, those tables must be reserved.  No worries.  Oh, and hey look!  There is a two top paying out'.  Well, after that couple leaves, they scoot over the two top to make it a six top and seat the aforementioned boozer-quintuplets who were rightfully there before us still waiting.  Okay.  No biggie, there are still open tables.A party of three come in.  "Hi!  There is no waiting".  They get a seatAnother party of three stroll in.  Yep.  "Hi!  There is no waiting".  There goes our last chance of a seat for a while, and we're 25 mins into our wait.  Thank God I brought the beer.As I understand it, they will only seat parties of two at their two tops [of which they had few, and one was being used as an impromptu wine rack for the wino-Salingers] or at the sushi bar.  I really have absolutely no problem with this policy, but I could see how it would piss some people off -- maybe from an older generation who feel slighted by shit like this, which is why I'm even discussing it.  But anyway, we eventually we got our perfect little two top and preceded to order edamame and miso.  These are two staple appetizers for any Japanese restaurant.  The edamame came out cold, which was okay, as it is typically served cooled .. but I actually prefer my edamame heated and the server never asked for a preference ... hell, they even ask you at throw-away joints like Ra.  Since we are a culture of benevolent Americans who are intent on skewing EVERY foreign dish, I always assume that the edamame will be served warm.  Either way, I was too timid to ask since these servers seem to be flying around the small restaurant with nary a second to spare at the microwave.  The miso soup was excellent ... but if I'm looking for shit to complain about, they served it with that damn goofy, oversized spoon.When we got our boat of fish my gf and I commented that we would have liked a little extra prep time.  I mean come on, there needs to be distinct transitional times between courses.  We were only mildly impressed with the presentation.  The rolls were prepped very sloppily.  The yellowtail was absolutely lost in the rice.  The tempura shrimp was sliced so thin that it was destroyed by the chopstick.  The caterpillar roll had almost no essence of eel within.  The spicy tuna was good, but nothing to rave about as seems to be the trend when discussing Hana.  We also ordered the processed daikon off of their specials-board [which our server never went over BTW], and I would highly recommend staying away from this unless you curiously want to know what Little Lisa's Slurry from the Simpson's episode "The Old Man and The Lisa" might have tasted like.  Blech.  I'm sure it was downhome authentic, but Christ, THAT was vile.  Anyway, that was MY fault, not Hana's.I will say that the first time that I came to Hana [with Graham C and Yelp's famous Jerry], it was absolutely phenomenal.  I think something has been lost in translation.  Back then, their rolls were much better prepared and the toro was otherworldly.  Perhaps it is the hulking Melrose virulence seeping into their foundation.I will conclude with a statement about  how I am aware that Hana is going for authenticity; which makes the curt service, lack of formalities like "hi! how is everyone today" [I doubt they do that shit at sushi joints in Japan], and loud, bustling atmosphere work to a degree.  I can HOWEVER, see that being such a turn-off to those unwilling or unaware to put up with it, or worse yet, interpret it as rudeness.  I personally like the fact that places like Hana exist as an antithesis to garbage like Ra.  But every polarization needs an equilibrium, and for my money, time, and need for experience, nothing beats Sakana.
What else is there to say?  This place is amazing.  Great wine.  Yummy food.  Excellent staff.  Beautiful neighborhood.  Funky/chic interior.  I love the garage door indoor/outdoor seating. I could waste my entire paycheck here.  Better yet; I can move in and just sleep on the comfy lounge furniture.