While staying at The Pointe Hilton Tapatio, we decided to eat here for our anniversary dinner. To sum it up, I've had everything better somewhere else. Nothing blew my socks off. Hubby is eating mostly vegetarian right now (due to a health concern), and he did really like his "wild mushroom" rigatoni. We weren't sure what was so "wild" about criminis and portobellos, but the pasta was in a light sauce with plenty of other veggies. His French Onion Soup was better at Capital Grille, my antipasto plate was far better at Craftsteak, and my ribeye was far better at 1130. They did serve a neat wedge of au gratin potatoes- multiple paper thin cheesy slices cut into a triangle. The gins are standard, but Hubby had a nice Bonny Doon Riesling. The free anniversary creme brulee was on the runny side, the vanilla was indiscernible, and the sugar crust was too thick- Ruth's Chris still wins that one in my book. Did I feel dinner was worth $120? Not so much.The service at dinner was great, and it was fine at breakfast. Again, everything was decidedly mediocre and way overpriced. I've had a better Belgian waffle at IHOP, my bacon was limp, and the coffee not what I would expect from the Hilton. Hubby's BLT breakfast bagel was better.Come on, Hilton! Is this the best you can do?
Wanting to purge my guilt for constantly demanding one of my suburban friends to come downtown whenever we go out, I recently dragged another CenPho friend out to suburbia so we could pay him a visit in his homeland for once. San Tan Brewery was our chosen destination.Will I ever come out here again? No, unless guilt once again consumes me.  Would I come back if I lived in Chandler? Sure. (What choice would I have?) The food (an Aegean Stuffed Burger with fries) was good. The beer was even better. The service was annoyingly slow due either to understaffing or inattentiveness. The crowd was large and the place was packed when we arrived around 9:30, but at 11:30 (on a Friday night) it completely cleared out.
A new breakfast option in old town Scottsdale. The decor is superb and the weekend crowd is minimal. Juevos Rancheros and the Skirt Steak & Eggs are both fabulous. Prices for breakfast are reasonable.
Couple things.  First, I am reviewing a Delivery order that I placed.  (If you didn't know that they delivered... Now you do!)You start by looking at their website, which is modest.  It's a black background with White text.  Pretty much all of their food is available for take-out, except for the alcohol.*TIP* Make sure to look at their PDF Menu.  It has TONS of more choices than what is listed on their Website.  I wasn't even aware of this fact until I had ordered my food.At this point, they do not have online ordering set up, so you call and place your order that way.Cornish Pasty's (pronounced Pastie, not Pastey) are amazingly delicious.  They take whatever filling you choose (from the Chicken Alfredo to the Bangers and Mash), and they place it in a thin, crisp dough that surrounds it.  Think of a Calzone, except the Irish version.Now, these are very, very filling.  They are modestly priced (all of them are less than $10), and they are EXTREMELY DELICIOUS.Make sure you give them a try.  I will sure be eating here again!
Simply the best sandwiches I have ever tasted.The Mozarella, Tomato, Basil is perfect. The focaccia bread is perfectly crunchy and slightly salted to the consummate texture.I wish I still worked closer...
Best Thai food for your dollar in the entire valley. I'm no Thai expert, but I have been to at least a dozen here in the valley. Keep in mind - this is NOT a fancy place - just a simple, inexpensive, casual dining experience. WOW!
I've always wanted to go to Rokerij and when my date suggested it last night - I was all for it!  I was NOT disappointed.  We spent our evening downstairs in what I can only describe as "speak-easy" atmosphere reminiscent of my days spent in the DC area.  I loved it.  Decor was spot on with stone walls, a fire place with comfy leather chairs strategically placed in front.  A big bar took up most of the room with some comfy look booths placed around the outskirts of the room. Lots of great details in decorations and design.  Our bartender was friendly and efficient. His suggestions on wine (1/2 price bottle!) and the manhattan we had were spot on.  He checked in with us and was attentive, but not overly so, letting us enjoy each other's company.  We tried 3 of the small plates:  the roasted pepper bruschetta, tenderloin skewers and the bacon wrapped shrimp.  Honestly, I was expecting to be hungry afterwards and was ready to order something else in addition to that, but we held off until we received our food and I'm glad we did. The portions were pretty large and food rich.  Everything tasted great...the bacon and tenderloin were served on long plates that had 3 different sauces...a creamy queso (I think), a spicy red sauce and a green tomatillo-like sauce.  The red and green were really good - the white was a bit bland....but I'm also not a fan of cream sauces, so don't take my word for it.  The bruschetta was more of an italian style bruschetta (bread, peppers layered on top with melted cheese).  Tasted good, but my only complaint would be that it got a little mushy because there was so much topping on it. My date enjoyed it.Overall, a great experience. I can't wait to go back - especially when looking for a laid back, cool atmosphere. And I definitely want to try more of the food!
Newly opened Mexican restaurant tucked away in the Dobson and Germann area.  I would give the place 5 stars for decor, the owner has taken such great effort to make the restaurant look like old Mexico on the inside.The food was good but not great.  I did relish on the tomatillo salsa brought with the red salsa and chips.  The portions were pretty big, no room for dessert and had to request togo boxes.Ordered:Seafood Tacos (great with excellent presentation)Tia's Plato de Carne Asada: Tres Carnes - beef, pork and chicken (huge)Tia Rosa Burro (huge)I will definitely return and review, but overall I did like this place.
Cherry on Top is a rare example of design by market analysis committee, who couldn't decide on a unique concept so they decided to "borrow" from all of their competitors' styles, turning out at least as well as if not better than its individual inspirations.The result provides convenient answers to the following frozen yogurt questions:- Can't decide between tart and traditional? Why not both?- Can't decide between standard or high-end sweet? Mix vanilla, taro, green tea, cheesecake (but only at your own risk.)- Feeling constrained by four fit all sizes? $0.39/oz., cup weight subtracted.- Wavering on the topping healthiness spectrum? Fruit to sugar cereal to nuts to crushed big brand candy available.The quality is close enough to most of the relevant rivals (as long as one is not requiring the desert honey Sweet Republic tart variant) but, correctly and perhaps intentionally, the value proposition is that most patrons won't care about the slight dip, trading off for the flexibility of purchasing (only) as much yogurt and toppings as desired while satisfying Hershey's-acclimated children with a Frankenstein of saccharine flavors and junk toppings as well guests from the city pining for the nearest Pinkberry with original tart plus kiwi, strawberries, blackberries and pineapple.
Adorable bungalow building: CheckQuirky, cute, mismatched thrift-store dishware: CheckDelicious, buttery, flaky croissant breakfast sandwich: CheckSuper friendly staff: CheckI went here for the first time yesterday and thought it was great. My friend and I both ordered the croissant breakfast sandwich which was super delicious and filling. Even though I knew that I'd be full from the sandwich, I couldn't resist snagging a brown butter scone when I saw it was the last one. Definitely made the right decision on that one, I'm a sucker for brown butter anything and the scone didn't disappoint. My friend ordered the Iced Toddy which was really good-- spiced but mellow. I ordered a latte and didn't like it quite as much. The owner was super friendly and remembered my name for the 1.5+ hrs. my friend and I lingered in the shop. He even gave me a (delicious) orange-zest filled strawberry muffin on the way out! If I didn't live so far away, I would be here all the time. As it is, I'll definitely be back soon.
Oh Man. This is not the place I imagined I would assign my first 2-star rating. I woke up as sad and disappointed as I felt last night, leaving the legendary, old school Durant's after an evening of less than mediocre food and terrible service. Sigh.Honey had a great lunch there a few months back and was excited to impress me with dinner. We saw Durant's listed on Restaurant week and were excited for the excuse to squeeze into one of their comfy booths amidst the bow-tie clad staff and velvet wallpaper. The instant time travel type setting usually makes for an incredible dining experience. Shall I fault the poor rating to their efforts at succumbing to a prix-fixe menu? Perhaps.Our time at the bar proved to be the best part of the night. Watching the bartender mix the martini's the way my Pops used to was nostalgia at its best. I LOVED that they serve bottles of beer with a toothpick of meat and cheese. That is brilliant. It could transform me into a beer drinker after all. We met up with friends and continued on to the dinner portion of the evening.Moving on to the booth, our waitress was definitely in the weeds. Having been in her shoes before, I always try and accommodate the situation. We ordered an appetizer and a few cocktails and waited to order dinner when she seemed able. Appetizer of artichoke dip was yummy. Tortillas and garlic bread and warm, cheesy dip delivered promise.The limited menu was just that. Okay first course salad/soup options. Main course offered Pot roast, a small steak or chicken fried steak. Stewed steak, grilled steak or fried steak. Really? Your menu is impressive...if you really don't want to participate in Restaurant week, then don't. Honey ordered the chicken fried steak as a continuation of the old school vibe. I ordered the trout off the regular menu after C pointed out the fish option. J ordered the cfs too. Food took a bit, but we had good conversation flowing, so it wasn't a problem. Salads and soup were fine. Main course arrived and we were all a bit surprised by the size of the fried steak. I guess when you think of this meal from the past, it encompasses half the plate and is oozing with country gravy. This steak was the size of a burger and had a dollop of thick gravy-esque goo on the top. Garlic mashers were appropriately placed. My trout was supposed to be topped with a lemon caper sauce but instead it was slathered with a gravy that hinted at lemon and was all wrong for a fish. The trout was pain-fried and should there have been a light sauce, it would have been good. But the fried fish with the gravy was just so not good. The fried steak too, so not good. Mashers achieved an appropriate level of goodness, but you really don't want mashed potatoes to lead your dinner. We were devastated. The whole experience was so not what we came for or expected. I do want to give Durant's another chance and order a big, juicy steak and let them wow me like they do to so many, but it will be a while before our trek downtown includes a walk through their kitchen.
Long waits and teenage workers with bad attitudes...nuff' said.
I LOVE THIS PLACE I JUST CAN'T NOT GET ENOUGH OF NCOUNTER!the vibe is young clean and fresh. the good is so delish.. I keep telling all my friends to go here for brunch (:
i too came because of a living social deal, as it turned out it really didn't save us any money. the buffet is odd. lots of different kinds of food. onion rings, fries, chicken nuggets with baked cheese eggplant, stuffed grape leaves, hummus. i sampled a bit of everything.i liked the soup, very nice, i couldn't identify the spice, i don't know anything about mediterranean food. but i know what i like. i like 3 different olive dominated dishes, i wish i could cook eggplant that kept it shape this well. i liked the hot pita bread. i loved salad with big chucks of feta cheese. there where several tasty chicken dishes that were excellently seasoned with big chucks of flavorful chicken.the american staples, probably for the kids and unadventuresome guests was bland and a bit dry, expected for a buffet, where the food sits out under lights.advice:group the foods by origin, not by meat, vegies, salad.make up a route down one side of the serving table, greek, turkish, Lebanese. make it a learning experience, tell us which dishes use olives, what kinds of spices.if you want people to come back teach them a little bit about the food, share the culture, don't mix chickem mcnuggets with a tasty pulled chicken dish just because they both have chicken in them. tell me why this is good food, help me learn something the cook knows about his homeland.so i walk down one side and get a greek-turkish meal. the other side is another culture, then one side for the bland american food. as is everything was mixed up.now, i'm going back again. with my laptop and a notepad, and hungry. i'm going to taste each dish by label- if i don't know what it is, i'm going to sit down and google it. i'm going to learn where it's from and what spices are in it. i'm going to make my own learning experience. if the owners sit down with me and explain how their food expresses their culture, i'll rate it 5 stars next time.it's a family business, it's a huge building, it has a good talented cook(s) somewhere in the kitchen, it is good tasting food. it needs to be displayed and presented differently. it wasn't busy, a shame, industrialized food is always bland and busy.now, if you grew up with these dishes, you can leave a review about their tastiness and authenticity. that would help.
Been here a few times now so it's time for the review.  Walked up to the hostess on a Saturday night and she asked if we had reservations, I said "no" because I didn't think this place was like that but then spending some time here it kinda makes sense, or Sens. Haha.So one time ended up getting 6 (maybe a few more but the beers were going down pretty easy that night) different items.  Each one well thought out and fun to eat.  Yes, I said fun. One was cooked by us on a hot rock, and the others made us investigate each tasty bite.Yup, the portions are small, but they're darn good vittles I tell ya.  Oh yeah, and they have a DJ so they get a few extra hipster points.
After hearing good things about the Scottsdale location, I was looking forward to lunch at Arcadia Farms when visiting the museum for the Ansel Adams showing.  Unfortunately, it was a little disappointing.Service was painfully slow.  I'm not sure if that was the kitchen or the server, but in either case, I was not impressed.We started with the baked goat cheese.  For some reason, I envisioned the caramelized onions and roasted tomatoes atop the cheese, but everything was combined.  While it was quite good, only the bottom portion was hot.  The rest of it was only lukewarm.  I wondered if perhaps the dish is prepared ahead and refrigerated, resulting in the uneven temperature.We also shared the smoked turkey and warm brie sandwich with white bean salad.  They generously served each of us a full side of the salad with our half sandwich, which was more than enough.  Although the sandwich had just been grilled, the inside was still somewhat cold.  I also would have preferred just a little more apple, but overall, it was A-OK.The white bean salad with red peppers and possibly cucumber if I remember correctly was sorely lacking in flavor.  Salt helped, but not enough to save the dish.  If it was dressed with anything other than oil, I missed it.  Arcadia is just fine if you're already at the museum and looking for a bite.  Otherwise, I don't know that I would return.
I've decided to completely write this place off, and here is why you should too:THREE TIMES I have tried to go here and they have been closed, all the while their website and posted hours say they should be open. If one of you wants to drive all the way here from the suburbs, you'd better call first because this place cannot be trusted. I've wasted my time and spent hungry minutes walking here only to be disappointed. Vitamin T will fail, there I said it.
Fajitas is one of those places where you may go for an occasional, unmemorable lunch. Nothing is gross. Nothing is exceptional. Everything is just, well, there. I've tried different variations of the fajitas theme over several lunches (chicken, steak, veggie, etc.) and they were all ok. Not a big fan of their tortillas, though.If you work anywhere near there, then I'd say go ahead. It's a safe bet for lunch. You won't puke or curse the world. But is it a joint where I'm saying, "Dude, you GOTTA try this place out"? Nah. You've had better fajitas elsewhere...3 Stars.
I am with some of the others in not understanding these poor reviews. I am from Rhode Island and Italian food is at our fingertips, and in Arizona, there are few and far between authentic non chain Italian restaurants. I feel that although ambiance is important, I didn't see anything wrong with Lo Cascio's. There were no cheesy paper protectors over a linen table cloth, and there were no paper place mats with several business names, so not sure what the issue was there. And as far as the music....I would be annoyed too if I had to work there every night, but again, it only added to the atmosphere. In my opinion, some of the best Italian food does not come with yuppie atmosphere.  For the appetizer we had the fried mozzarella which my husband and I enjoyed very much. The marinara poured over it was on the chunkier side and I loved it because it tasted just like a sauce an old Italian friend of mine made. It was perfect. I had eggplant parmesan for my entree, and it tasted just like NYC Italian. The eggplant didn't have the shit fried out of it, and it had the finest light coating just the way I love my favorite dish. And my husband had veal milanese which was out of this world. It was in a sauce of lemon and wine, mushrooms and artichokes.  I also want to mention, we had the most Attentive waitress that I have ever had. Her name is Katie, and she was very sweet always asking us after each course if we needed anything and how everything tasted.  We will definitely be back here, we live down the road now in our new home and I am very happy there is a great little Italian restaurant nearby. I am also happy I didn't let the negative reviews scare me.
All I needed to complete my delicious meal here was a good Cuban cigar and some brandy!We had the Papa Rellena for an appetizer... very very good. Its a beef filled potato cake with a cilantro lime sauce.For entrees my wife and I shared two dishes... the Ropa Viejas (shredded beef brisket in a tomato wine sauce) and the Gallina Frita (crispy fried shredded chicken, onions, in a mojo garlic lime sauce....amazing!Both dishes were large...with tons of meat.Great service and really good mojitos make for a nice evening out at the Havana Cafe.For dessert we indulged on the "Best Of Phoenix" (Phoenix New Times) Caramel Flan.... OMG!!!! And the coffee was yummy too! We also found a 15% coupon in DineInAz.com.... saved us almost $7!As the sign over the door says... "Cha Cha Cha!"
Oh boy.. I usually LOVE LOVE Mucho Gusto.. but NO ME GUSTA today!We got a to go order, perhaps that was mistake numero uno.  I got the nachos.. really, you can't mess those up... Or so I thouhgt! I mean Filiberto's would have been a better choice!  Can you say cold soggy mess.. maybe that was my fault. I will accept the blame. I really should have known better. Mistake numero dos... What do you call Shrimp Cocktail with out the shrimp?? Bad Service! Lack of quality control....Really.. Really? You forgot the shimp? How do you do that.... Better question WHO DOES THAT?Mistake numero tres...lemme just say burned tasting chips (as opposed to my soggy nacho chips) and left an acrid taste in ones mouth and the most offending guacamole that I have ever had. Let me just say that my co worker and I eat here frequently enough that we can order for each other. We also know to order our guacamole with out the Grand Marnier galze thingy on top.  Mucho Gusto you mucho FAILED me today.  I hate leaving a bad review without first compaining to management so expect a phone call from me shortly.
I'm giving this one a 4 because I first ate at (and found out about) Lucilles at the Vegas location.  Over there it was spectacular - here its just amazing.  They give you so much food its unreal.  You can try anything BBQ you want or ever dreamed of.  You get these amazing biscuits with this butter stuff that is just like candy before the meal, and almost get full just with these.SO MUCH FOOD, go hungry and get ready to be amazed.  Some of the better BBQ in the area.  I look forward anytime I have the opportunity to visit a Lucilles.  Just can't wait till I go visit the Vegas one again!
Wow! Food was great! But the service was even better!!! We got there early so we didn't have to wait a long time.  Their computer system was down, so instead of asking for cash or taking our card numbers, they comped out lunch. So impressed with this place! And such a cool vibe!
Probably more worthy of 3.5 stars.  Damn the Yelp constraints!  Marketplace was pretty busy tonight now that you can actually go out in the evening without a gentle breeze feeling more like a blow torch in your face.  In spite of that, our wait to be seated was fairly quick.  But where was our server?  Outside listening to the band?  We need liquid refreshment!Finally our server arrived and apologized for the wait at the same time the manager arrived and also apologized and comped us an appetizer.  Wow!  We hadn't even complained.  We had the hummus which was very tasty but a little thin and a mango tandoori chicken pizza.  Nice combination of sweet mango, spicy curry sauce, and the grilled chicken.  Service was excellent once we got over the initial bump.While I usually don't plan to go to CPK, it's nice to know this one is there.
Update: they added a gorgeous new countertop (sans coffee wobbling mosiacs) and (ta-da!) a glass enclosed bakery display case! My friend Jefferson can now order his pastries with confidence.
The newly branded Red Dragon Chinese & Mexican Food is a shiny new facade on an old favorite.  (pics of new sign, and old sign by dumpster)Formerly known as Daily Buffet,  http://www.yelp.com/biz/daily-buffet-phoenix#hrid:3-lmRTZ9YDgPxf6I2WGfHA  they offer an extensive menu.  Whatever investment they're making in this new branding, their menu certainly looks impressive.(pic)Their buffet is quite well-stocked for it's small size.Whether you prefer Chinese or Spanish fried rice, they have it.  Have a few picky kids that can't decide between Honey Sesame chicken and Cheese Enchiladas?  They've got you covered.The Mexican buffet table offers rice, beans, enchiladas, taquitos, and other rotating entrees such as marinated pork ribs or a scrumptious chicken mole, if you're lucky that day.The Chinese area includes lots of chicken and pork options, noodles, egg foo young, etc  --  standard americhino fare.  The pork ribs were very good, if a little chewy, and the sweet & sour pork was done in the style I prefer: Instead of breaded, dry peices that you put your own sauce on, or soupy watery liquid with floating veggies and meat, this had mostly meat, maybe a few carrot and onion peices, with a crispy outside covered in thick, gooey, sticky sauce, that itself got a little crispy.  (it almost starts to remind me of a candy apple when it gets like this, which I'm sure the taste buds love, but the teeth hate!)All is prepared well, hot, not too salty or greasy, and well replenished.Discard Pile is usually present, but also usually small.There were some hand-breaded onion rings that were super thick!  This thing was the size of a small donut in my hand! (pic) They have a perfectly crisped outside, with an inside akin to a hushpuppy or donut.Mmmm, "donionuts"....The salad bar area left a little to be desired, and there wasn't really a salsa to dip my taquitos in.  I made a nice little concoction of ketchup, pico de gallo, and sriracha sauce which suited the task way better than I could have ever thought.Jello squares are the only real dessert option, but if you haven't stuffed yourself full of this yummy indulgent food by that point, you really don't belong in a boofay now, do you?
There's no doubt about it, both Mamma Mia locations deliver some great pizza on the cheap. This Mamma Mia is now the closer of the two to my house, and at first I was a little worried. I wasn't sure if both locations were going to be good, but I'm not worried anymore.Whenever I go there, I get slices. I also usually only spend about $6. To me, that's awesome when I'm craving some pizza pie. By the way, Mamma Mia serves good ol' fashoined NY-style pizza. Their toppings range from traditional (roni, sausage, veggies) to fancy (salmon, bleu cheese, capers). I have been known to order capers on my slices (and they were actually really good). Normally I ask for the slices well done, and I'd recommend you do the same if you like that extra bit of crispiness like me. The slices come out relatively quickly, and I've never been dissatisfied with what I've been given.I've yet to try their sandwiches or pastas, but in time I'm sure I'll get around to it. At $6 or less a pop, I feel like I've got a good thing going. If I'm in the mood for pizza and I don't feel like traveling far or spending much, Mamma Mia is towards the top of my list.
I don't think I have ever been to a restaurant where I have treated so poorly by the wait staff. I'm actually rethinking my Green rating because I sincerely think this is my worst restaurant experience.The one good thing I can write is that this place is really cute and it has an inviting patio. Lots of string lights and cute bistro tables. I really thought I was in for a great evening. Oh how wrong I was.My friend and I walked in and the hostess immediately sat us at a four top right in front of the door. Unless the restaurant is packed and the drafty table in front of the door is the last spot available, I do not want to sit in a place where incoming guests will constantly bump into my chair. I pointed to a seat in the back and after trying to convince me I didn't want *that* table, the hostess led us to the back. It's not the worst thing that could ever happen and that instance did not ruin my evening, it was just weird.We sat and were greeted by our waitress, who initially seemed very nice. We both ordered water to start and I asked her for a drink menu. Apparently the drink menu is on the back of the regular menu. It's just so small that I missed it the first time. She told me that Friday night is the $4 frozen house margarita night, so I went with her suggestion. By the time I finish pulling out my ID, my dining partner was ready to order. We got a queso appetizer, the vegetarian tacos with a side salad, and the machaca plate.While we waited, a few more groups came in, were greeted, and received their adult beverages. It had been ten minutes since I ordered my drink, so I tried to look for our waitress. She finally popped up five minutes later, but avoided all eye contact with our table. When she did see me, she quickly ran outside. I understand she might have had a few tables outside, but why have an inside section to wait as well? The table right next to us had an amazing server who brought them two orders of drinks in the time it took to get my water glass refilled. (Margarita was still MIA at this point.)Then, the queso came out, brought by two hipsters. It looked like an over-microwaved styrofoam plate in a skillet and tasted just as bad. My friend tried to make the best out of the situation, but I was ready to call the manager. I really, really regret that I did not. Nasty queso juice dripped all over the table and there was no silverware or napkins to be found. AND no wait persons or a hostess to ask for said items. (Twenty minutes after I ordered my margarita, it was still MIA.)Our waitress finally popped up and asked how the appetizer was. My friend cut me off and said it was different, but okay. He took rare this opportunity to ask for silverware. The waitress made an excuse that it should have been on the table already and went to grab some.  When she came back, I asked about my drink.With another lame excuse that could have been avoided if she ever check on us in the then-thirty minute absence, she finally brought me my drink. It was OKAY, not worth $4... more like $2-3. Two seconds later, the food came out. At least we had silverware?1) My veggie tacos and side salad were okay. Is it bad that the BEST part of meal was the white, iceberg lettuce salad?2) My friend's machaca was bone dry. Isn't machaca supposed to be tender, rehydrated, and edible? All in all, the salsa was the best part of the meal. Yet, one cannot enjoy a dining experience on salsa alone. This was sincerely my worst experience at a restaurant and I will not go back to Mucho Gusto.
We just moved from Florida and I was looking for a Restaurant with great food, service and a great view to celebrate my husbands 61st Birthday on Friday. It was suggested by a friend to try A Different Point of View... We are so glad we did... Let start by saying the drive up the cliffs to the restaurant was an adventure my Kia wasn't happy about but we made it.. AMAZING views... Greeted by a valet who had plenty of energy and was very informative. We picked the elevator to go to the 4th floor as opposed to the stairs... We were seated in a corner window table with views beyond belief! Greeted by our server , Larry, he wished my husband Happy Birthday and brought a passion fruit drink that was delish compliments of the Chef! Nice touch... Ask for Larry if you go.. he was right in tune with our special requests... We ordered their Signature Salad and I said we would share it... Larry had the kitchen serve it as a split.. Larry made the dinner and celebration very Special. My husband ordered the Rib Eye but my husband doesn't like any thing on his rib eye and doesn't like anything else on his plate with the meat.. Larry must hears this all the time and he explained exactly how it will be plated and assured him that no sauce or veggies would touch the meat. See pictures to see our meals. I held my breath until the plates came out and my Husband loved it- it was perfect. He ordered it medium rare and it came out perfectly cooked and full of flavor and it cut like butter. I ordered the Pork Tenderloin and it was tender and full of flavor the corn cakes were like little polenta pancakes they were delishish... The bread and the specialty butter and pesto and goat cheese dips were also full of flavor... The dessert was a Chocolate Espresso cake also very good. The sun was setting and the lights were twinkling-- Just a wonderful experience.. I can't wait to go back when it's a little cooler to sit outside...Don't miss this wonderful casual affordable piece of Heaven!
I like the Thai Hut because it is safe Thai eating. They have some of the more adventurous authentic Thai, and then they have what I ALWAYS get - The Garden Delight with beef. Just basically vegetables and beef cooked in a marinade. They always have plenty of servers on hand and I've never been disappointed. There's just some little sparkle that it seems to be missing.I struggled between giving it a 3 or a 4, but I settled on a 3 because they could definitely improve the atmosphere a little bit and parking sucks. They are really close to the light rail now though, just get off at McDowell/Central and walk one block east on McDowell.
Had a bad day yesterday and decided my health-conscious lunch would *not* cut it as far as getting me through my work day. I've always loved VSC & have had their menu at my desk but I hadn't been in a while. Put an order together w/ some co workers & called. I was read to go pick it up, but then they told me THEY DELIVER! I don't believe they did the last time I'd been there. Went out on a limb & tried the Dead Head wrap - soooo good and WELL worth the price b/c it's huge. I almost took off a star b/c their pasta salad is NOT what it used to be. I don't know if they changed it or if they are just inconsistent in making it, but it was kind of embarrassing that I'd told my coworkers how awesome it was just to have it come out not so great.
This reminds me nothing of the cafes I ate at while in Paris. Sadly, however, I wasn't in France, but Texas. Yes, Paris, Texas. My car broke down. I believe I had a cowboy omelet and a large ice tea while waiting for the repair. Here, at Zinc Bistro, I pretend I'm Paris, France. A glass of Burgundy with the French onion soup and some pomme frittes and I say WEE WEE! I've had good service here. Although I've seen larger tables having issues with flagging servers down. It's like they can't rememeber to ask for everything at once and the servers is doing some serious wind sprints from the kitchen to the table. The manager is way cool and always remembers me. I do love the bistro style atmosphere here and love hearing other peoples conversations when I dine a lone. I know. Shameful. But one couple was actually signing their divorce papers over a steak and a bottle of champagne.
I suppose you could just put me in the "box" with "Luis T" on 3.20.10...because if i didnt know any better, his could have been my entry.. So i was here this week.  Let me start by saying i have been giving Los Dos Molinos my  business for almost 20 years now, and each year that goes by i find myself saying that i am going to cease my patronage.  I will save the stories from the recent years and why i've been feeling this way, and give you just the specifics from my most recent visit:  If you want to make the rule that there are "No Split Checks" then can you AT THE VERY LEAST get with the current times and make the bill somewhat decipherable?  We had a large party, and were quite promptly advised there were no split checks, yet at the end of the night we were left with a ribbon of calculator tape with ONLY prices, and no correlation with actual menu items...so we had to cross reference the menu to figure out what the heck all the itemizations correlated to.   And by the end of it, we pretty much gave up and just guessed at what each person should contribute because the receipt may have just as well been in morse code.  Ok, im getting ahead of myself..Its one thing if you have subpar service and the restaurant is slammed, understaffed, there is a MLB baseball game or NBA basketball game, or concert going on...This was not the case.  We were the ONLY table inside the restaurant and the service absolutely sucked.  How many times must one flag down the server for (take your pick) A;  refill on chips B: refill on ice water and C:(most importantly since the drinks are marked up 300%) a FRESH DRINK!!! Oh yes and D: Check please.  We had to look over our shoulders for A , B, C, and D.  When our table collectively decided the service was ridiculous we decided the tip would reflect that, and then we realized an 18% gratuity was included...well no wonder.  When that is the case, there is NO incentive for decent service!! We brought several items to the attention of the bald headed caucasian man who may have been a manager of some sort but his severe lack of customer service skills merely resulted in him stating in a childish voice "They are complaining about the service" to an audience that didnt exist.  Damn right! and damn right we will take our business elsewhere.  Grandma Chavez is rolling in her grave! you should be ashamed!
Wow...  I regress into some sort of '90s Valley Girl stereotype when chirping in delight over how good Switch is! How I was missing  a review for a Short List restaurant that I recommend to ev-er-yyyyy one I meet who is new to Phoenix and even remotely cool!?Switch is reliably good food served in a reliably good atmosphere by reliably good servers. The combination of service, setting and grub makes Switch a go-to for affordable dining that has appeal for a wide variety of people. If I think that someone might be too uptight or too culinarily 'safe' to really enjoy Fez I know that I can take them to Switch, they can hone in on comfort food basics and I will still have an enjoyably awesome dining experience myself because all the basics are done with love, care and actual effort. I think I prefer Switch's menu to Fez's because of the combination of classic choices mixed in with flavor play and more diverse fare. And we end up at Switch a lot because they have awesome outdoor loungey space which works for friends who are smokers and for a quieter, more intimate chic and cool dinner-drinks and gossip night. It's really a gift to have this place in Downtown and a real gem in the Valley overall.We have on occasion had our asses kicked by the bar, specifically by the Drunken Italian Sodas which are so very, very good!
So. . . I think the name is very misleading. I have thought about stopping in before, but I also thought this place was a deli counter with the usual sandwiches and a little ice cream. I would have been surprised.  My sister talked me into trying it out for a quick bite before our Thursday night class.  This place is like a neighborhood pub should be.  The wood bar is warm and inviting. The Side Door is small - very small.  Even though this is obviously a neighborhood joint, we didn't feel uncomfortable grabbing a table. For every 70-something that was at a table, there was  a 20-something at the bar.The food was not amazing but it was decent and reasonably priced.  We split a Greek salad and a roasted veggie pizza.  The veggies were great, the crust, nothing to write home about, but could repeat.  I want to come back and try some of the sandwiches.  Somehow I have a feeling the Italian beef would be a hit. . .
Kind of surprised myself, but I have to give them a five.  Let's begin with the drink was excellent.  I had some kind of pom martini that was one of the best I've had in a while.  I ordered the sirloin steak cobb salad.  My salad arrived two minutes after the people I was eating with, and it was taken off the bill....they also brought us a free dessert and apologized...really?  That's good service.  They may have even gone overboard, but I didn't complain.  The food itself was excellent.  I loved my salad, and it was a nice size portion.  All in all, a great experience.
Let's talk about failure, baby.Hey, if your idea of salad is punishment via tasteless lettuce and mealy tomatoes splashed with the most generic, industrial vinaigrette, you've found just the right place to BDSM your tongue. Go for it!I ordered Capellini Checca, and I had it substituted with Spaghetti (I like more girth re: pasta).  What I got was the limpest pile of spaghetti that couldn't be revived with a lifetime supply of Viagra.  The DOA pasta was topped with a pathetic sprinkling of more mealy tomatoes (the menu says Fresh Roma Tomatoes- these had the texture and taste of a dying horse's ass moreso than fresh produce).  The faint, acrid garlic tasted like it came out of a shaker bottle and not a bulb- and motherf*&k, respectable Checca should have more than 1/16 teaspoon of microscopically chopped basil.  This place makes Old Spaghetti Factory look like fine dining, and I would rather starve than be even close to that chain restaurant of culinary doom.  Hell, this place is the  disowned, cracked-out junkie brother of OSF. It's really *that* terrible.I gave them the single star only because the management was incredibly lovely, and did not charge for the unforgivable disaster masquerading as edible food worth paying for.
OK, let's face it: there are better steaks in the Valley. As a matter of fact, if you just took the steak at face value, it might not even crack the top 5. But Durant's is not just about the steak, or even the food. Durant's is a classic in every sense of the word, the type of place that can rarely be found anywhwere in Phoenix. It's also a lively and classy night spot, something that didn't exist anywhere in downtown Phoenix for years, and as several new places have developed around Durant's overe the past few years, it has remained consistent and cool. And that's what Durnat's is really about. Yeah, the steak is pretty good. The seafood's alright. The bread with the hot garlic butter is awesome. But Durant's is just COOL. It's classic Vegas, Rat Pack-style cool, and you feel it from the moment you walk in.
After checking into our lovely suite at the Montelucia my hubby said he was in the mood for some chips, guac and a margarita. I think he had mistaken Scottsdale for Mexico and unfortunately the restaurant at The Montelucia (Prado) had none of the above. Instead we enjoyed a glass of wine (Riesling for me), a bowl of gazpacho and shared the snapper ceviche.  Service was a bit on the slow side, but the tasty food made up for it...We ended up back at Prado the next morning for breakfast- we were quite starving after hiking Camelback (or part of Camelback).  I was a bit disappointed with their breakfast menu. They had very few things to choose from besides the $25 breakfast buffet. I wasn't in a buffet kind of mood, but it didn't seem like we had a choice. However, I seemed to get the most out of my $25 after stuffing my face with an omlette, mini breakfast burrito, fruit, yogurt parfait, etc.  Our waiter did a bit of a disappearing act, but fortunately we didn't need him much for the buffet.They do have some good food, but they could use some more options...and better service.
I am a sucker for a theme restaurant. I have been wanting to visit this place for a while because of their whole gimmick. When you arrive a nurse checks you in, gives you a hospital wrist band, and dresses you in a hospital gown. Seriously, I love a gimmick more than the next person but the Heart Attack Grill is 100% gimmick and only 60% good food. The menu consists of burgers which vary only in the number of patties, french fries fried in lard, shakes, pure sugar coke, and PBR. They have a strict no sharing policy which completely bummed us out because we wanted to order the huge 20 patty burger and split it 3 ways. We ordered 2 single bypass burgers (one of our trio boycotted the burger because of the no sharing policy,) all you can eat lard fries, a vanilla shake, full sugar coke and a PBR. The burgers were ordinary, the fries were ordinary, and the service (aside from being dressed as naughty nurses) was ordinary. The only win was the delicious butterfat filled vanilla shake. The bill came to around $30, which is a bit pricey because remember only two of us actually had food. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I get it. It is a gimmick. Heart attack, fat, lard, waitresses dressed as nurses, cook dressed as doctors, sugar, beer...whatever. It gets old pretty fast.
I have heard great things about this place and I had purchased one of those online deals to try it out.  I was not disappointed.  The only reason, I didn't give it 5 stars was because I was freezing.  But I had a small chocolate milkshake and the special of the day, philly cheesesteak.  My husband had a cheeseburger slider, chili cheese dog, and french fries.  We really liked the food.  If you want the sliders, make sure you order at least 3, I would say, because they're kind of small.My husband is from Illinois, so walking into Chicago Hamburger Co, was amazing.  There is so much chicago decor, it's ridiculous, but since I've only been to chicago once, I liked reading all the signs and seeing pictures of former Bears players.  We will most defiinitely return.
I liked the concept. Staff was very nice. Food tasted like it was warmed up in a microwave and cold on top and warm on the bottom. After we watched our  movie we wanted to purchase tickets a week in advance for another movie. We went to customer service and asked them if they knew if TinTin would be playing on Weds. (we were there Saturday night). They told us they did not know and we would have to check on Weds. Whaaat? They don't know what movies are playing the following week? I was ticked off... their website is no better. It is confusing and hard to order tickets. I searched for tickets for tomorrow and it says showtimes not available. Sure seems like they don't want anybody to come see any movies. After spending $100 for food and movie I think I will try a different place.
First of all, if you go here, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make sure you check your bill when it comes!  honestly.  We went here 3 times.  all 3 times we were over charged....  either the menu's were out of date, or we were "past happy hour time" (BS)... oh and the other excuse... we just changed our menu.  blah blah blah  Pthen they always have to "get a manager" to come to the table, which takes forever!  (I am sure they hope we leave)  PLUS! THE SERVICE SUCKS ASS!!!!  this is a definitely bait and switch!1st time it happened we just dealt with it, and was like, whatever...2nd time it happened, my daughter who just got back from deployment (Navy) wanted to do something special for us and took us all there.  My husband looked at the check and noticed it wasy CRAZY over what we thought as we were there for happy hour.  The waitress had to get the manager which took over 20 minutes, (gimme a break)  finally we took a 30 dollar gift card because we were so sick of 'arguing about it.  We discussed it about 20 minutes and we were finally like, whatever...3rd time...  took a friend there.  again we ordered devils ale.  on the menu it was listed at one price... when we got the bill, it was almost twice as much.  We waited for our server to come back, she never did, she totally ignored us.  I gave her a dollar tip (which is NOT like me, i tip very well, too well)  and I wrote on the recept why she got such little money as a tip.  If you are looking for a fun time go caddy corner to San Filepe's  that place is fun and the staff are friendly and fun.  We much prefer there, we wll never go to Caddilac Ranch again.  They say 3rd time is a charm, Well, it is... its a charm to know you are overspending and its a big gimmick and they dont give a crap!oh and if i didn't have to give a star, i wouldn't have.
Yummy!Worth the wait. Yes, it is all the hype so get a drink, enjoy the scenery and munch on some fabulous pizza. Not one thing I wouldn't order. Have fun and have a slice for me!
I've only been to Postino's twice, both times for breakfast. And both times, I ordered the same thing: french toast. I'm not a big french toast kind of guy, but I absolutely loved them both times, and I look forward to the next brunch opportunity there. Might want to get here early though - we arrived at 9:30 on a Sunday and there were only a couple of tables still open. By 10am, there was a significant line.
Introduced to D'lish today by a friend. I'd already had breakfast (although the menu looks great, lots of delicious sounding, healthy options) but he suggested a Chai coffee. I don't usually like Chai Tea, but I thought I'd give the Chai coffee a chance based on his recommendation.When I ordered, the server suggested a "Sexy Dirty Chai", which as lurid as it sounds means adding vanilla. The Sexy Dirty Chai Coffee over ice is hands down now my favorite coffee drink. The place is tiny, has a really cool, funky interior and also has a drive thru- a true local gem. The service is friendly and energetic and I plan to start my day here again soon :)
It is almost impossible to find a great sandwich shop that actually has good grinders and sandwiches.  Well my search is over.  I stumbled across this little shop and felt right at home in New England.  Being from Connecticut, I was so excited to see all the great food on the menu.  I had the Vermonter and it was bliss at every bite.  The owners are extremely friendly and you can tell that they want you to be very happy with their food and service.  Great food and great service, you will not be dissapointed....
The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market is the bantam weight of farmer's market's in the valley.  "Weighing in at 113 pounds, in this corner of the valley we have MILL mill AVENUE avenue FARMER'S farmer's MARKET market!  Let's get ready to haggle!!"When we arrived around 9:45 am there were about 8 stalls, one with produce.Diminutive comes to mind.  "The Mill Ave. Farmer's Market was reported to be rather diminutive, with only a smattering of stalls and little produce to be found."Petite.  The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market would need a little padding to run with the college girls, know what I'm saying?Pee Wee.  The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market had a very good game today at the Kiwanis Rec Center and is now celebrating over Gatorade and granola bars in the picnic area.You get the idea.  We left to get some coffee and returned about a half hour later to find 3-4 more vendors.  There was a honey vendor, hummus, cookies, produce, a couple sandwich places, flowers...and the one place with produce.I'll give it some time as they are new.  I'm hoping in a month or so they will have a better turnout of vendors.
5 words....HAPPY HOUR ON A SATURDAY!!!Yes, every day actually! from 3-7pm and a late night happy hour too starting at 10pm!! How can that be true??? Well I guess in Arizona they know how to party! $11 pitchers and $3 pints, yes it could be a little cheaper, but hey it is a happy hour every day of the week! And their beer is really good! AND they will give you FREE samples of all of their beer too!!! This is like brewery heaven!!!To top it off, a group of people came here in Crank or Drank shirts on their first ever biking and drinking tours and this was on their tour for good reason! Their Hefe is awesome, complete with lemon wedges of course, and their Sunbru was so so refreshing on that hot day in AZ! Adriana and I definitely had our fair share of pitchers, along with an order of their beer battered fries and their specialty ice cream cake! Well, that was actually roopas, and just an FYI, oreo crumb crust and Hefe don't really mix......so save the cake for when you are done drinking ha haBut the waiters here (the ones that don't look like they are 15!!!!!) are helpful and friendly and nice, and you will definitely get carded here, even though literally I actually felt old here since all the girls look so young! Some of them must have had workers permits I swear!That aside, as long as they can bring me good beer on happy hour prices, I am sold.
Tucked away on a side street off a main drag, we found Mosaic. Surprisingly fancy and expensive, with an elegant feel, almost like it's your parents kind of dining experience.Loved the different options for the tasting menus. Focus on seafood and meats. My husband loved the 'What the Foie??' appetizer which had excellent presentation. My sea scallop appetizer had a monstrous scallop that could have easily fed a family of four.Feeling fishy that night, my better half's halibut was surprisingly salty with a heavy sauce. My steak was good, but nothing special..in fact I was disappointed I'd gotten it. Extensive wine selection, Dutch cheese plate and chocolate hazelnut custard for dessert. Overall, a pleasurable meal with wonferul service and presentation, but for the price, they could really up the quality of the food. We had a dinner elsewhere a few nights later for the same cost that was much tastier from a food perspective.
I've now tried Thai Elephant three times.  My first two experiences were solidly mediocre -- nothing was awful, but aside from one delicious dessert (black sticky rice with pumpkin custard), nothing stood out, either.  As a recent Bay Area transplant, I admit to being a bit picky, but in my 6 months in Phoenix, I've found several places that more than satisfy my rather frequent Thai cravings (Swadee in Chandler, Thai Lahna in Arcadia, Sala Thai in North Phoenix, and, in a pinch, Thai Hut in Central Phoenix).  Until now, Thai Elephant hadn't really done it for me, but since the restaurant is literally 40 feet from my office and since other Yelpers seem to have had positive experiences, I was reluctant to give up on Thai Elephant without giving it another chance.On Friday, looking forward to a relaxing night at home, I called in an order for Pad Thai with chicken, Panang Curry with beef (extra spicy), and Spicy Eggplant with tofu (spicy, which I thought would be automatic given the name, but apparently wasn't).  I got home, meted out ridiculously oversized portions of the three entrees, and sat down to enjoy my feast.Wow.  I don't know quite where to begin, but to say that I was disappointed doesn't begin to cover it.  The Pad Thai was about on par with the Taste of Thai boxed dinners you can pick up at the grocery store, only less flavorful; marginal at best, but edible.  The chicken didn't stand out as being of particularly low quality, but the noodles were some of the worst I've had at a Thai restaurant (some bites were underdone to the point of being crunchy, while others were seriously soggy).Sadly, the sub-par Pad Thai was the high point of the meal by a wide margin.  The Spicy Eggplant was a bland stir fry of soggy, overcooked vegetables and limp tofu.  The tofu appeared to have been fried as a large block and then sliced, and a few small pieces of eggplant were thrown in for good measure.  The Panang Curry with beef was even worse.  Though I ordered the dish "spicy," the curry tasted like straight coconut milk with a few drops of red food coloring thrown in.  The beef was the last straw for me; it very may well have been the worst quality, most gristly meat I've had at any restaurant I've ever been to.  I tried several pieces, and all were similarly inedible.I really, really want to like Thai Elephant, but after the experience I had, I don't know if I can bring myself to give it another chance -- especially since I've found so many other good Thai restaurants in the Valley and since the second-worst Thai meal I've had since moving here was at Thai Elephant's sister restaurant, Thai Basil in Ahwatukee.
Thanks to Amy D. for also introducing me to this quaint joint.The smell of home cooking lured me in, Great menu selections with sandwiches salads and hot dishes too, along with the daily specials which I think is one of each (sandwich , salad, hot meal).Sandwiches come with fresh potato chips and a pickle spear,I decided to try the Tuna since they don't put onions in it ,Hallelujah!(see pics)You know what it was pretty tasty, I even ate all my chips and the pickle! My only complaint was the bread was a tad dry, but hey it happens.Tucked into a commercial business park I never would have found this on my own, but I have fantasized about going back next time I'm in the area, Maybe Amy D. will take me out to lunch again :)
I lived in AZ for a year whilst at JP Morgan. One of the few great experiences i had out there (back in LA now) was, going to their Good (yes, capital G) food places, they were really really, really Good...certainly on par with eateries I've experienced in London, NYC, Paris, et cetera.I finally found a neighborhood that had (gulp) personality: the Roosevelt district. I was so happy and comfy in my hundred-year-old guest house with hard wood floors, huge pre-air conditioning windows, a sizable green backyard, and an unobstructed view of the teenytiny Phoenix skyline. And just down the street from my extraordinary little residence was the absolutely amazing, wonderful and perfect Tammie Coe (the person AND the bakery) who had just opened their venerable doors.I was there every morning for their exquisite breads, cheeses, sweet things, perfect euro-standard coffee, lovely attendants....I miss it so much.It reminded me of Patisserie Valerie in London, or any good bakery in Paris...with a cool, fun and welcome American twist.I shall always go back to Tammie when ever I find myself in dreary Walmart-ized Phoenix. Tammie, you are an artist. My only hope is that you will consider opening a location in Los Angeles. Eat your heart out, Nancy Silverton!!!
Here is my honest assessment of Los Reyes de la Torta.  It's a three-star place.  The atmosphere is a bit dumpy.  My apologies to those who think reviews should focus strictly on food, but atmosphere is what I notice when I walk in the door.  Plus, despite the fact that the place was mostly, we were led to the table closest to the restrooms.  Seriously?  The star of the show here is obviously the tortas.  I tried the egg one, which had cheese and a very generous serving of sliced avocados.  This torta was delicious and a great value.  The other one I tried had chicken, onions, and some other stuff.  It reminded me of what they have at the Great Steak and Potato Company.  Not that that's a bad thing.  For the tortas I give 5 stars.  Other stuff:No alcohol.  'Nuff said.Greasy potato chips as a side?  That was kind of a bummer.  I was craving tortilla chips or fries or anything a little more exciting than potato chips right out of the bag.The flan was really dense and tasted like it was prepared forever ago in a huge vat.  Skip it.  You probably won't be hungry anyway after the tortas so don't get tempted by the pictures on the menu.
Never been in - but I get pizza delivered from them now and then. I am a New Yorker and to call me a pizza snob probably doesn't go far enough.The crust is crispy, thin, and foldable, the outside edges, crispy and bubbly. Great mozzarella. I have never been disappointed by a topping. A little greasy, as it should be; it reminds me of NY pizza, and that's a big compliment coming from me.We don't have a Ray's in Central Phoenix... but we do have Mamma Mia's. Yo! Tony! You make a good pizza.
Had lunch at Zinc for the first time recently right as they were opening.  Considering they were not yet busy, we had pretty mediocre service.  To begin with, we were not offered bread.  Since it was our first visit, I wouldn't have necessarily assumed we would get bread, but I noticed other tables had it, so naturally I felt slighted.  And then the cardinal sin of serving.  I was maybe 25% through my meal, when our server appeared with our check and asked if we would like dessert.  Well, I don't know.  I haven't really eaten yet.  My husband wasn't even finished, and he eats like he's still in the military.  Needless to say, I just took the check and short-changed her tip in return for short-changing the time I was apparently allotted for eating. As for the food.  I had the macaroni au gratin with smoked ham as well as their up sell of parmesan truffle fries.  I liked the mac and cheese.  Not the best I've had, but pretty good.  The fries were okay.  But I've never understood the concept of dressing up plain 'ole french fries and serving them with ketchup.  If I'm not going to get a nice aioli or some other special dipping sauce, I'd rather just have the fries sans all the other crap.I wouldn't necessarily object to a return visit if I'm in the area, but I won't be breaking down their door.  Just as well, I doubt they would care.
Holy frijoles- this place lived up to the hype. I'm surprised how how good the pizza is here in Arizona. Very tasty, and definitely some of the best pizza I've had in the valley. The only downside is that there is usually a long wait to be seated, and then once your seated, it takes a longer wait for your pizza. The prices are average, the service was so-so, but the food was excellent! Nice location too, right in Old Town so you can have a drink at a nearby bar while you wait for your table. Cool place for date-night, or to have dinner with family. It's fairly casual, but charming at the same time.
::Sigh::I love places like this.  It is adorable and unique and intimate and perfect.  The outdoor patio looks like a great hang out spot (but obviously it is too hot for any of that just yet) and the interior is small and intimate.  I was surprised when I walked in as it was much smaller than I thought it would be- but who knows where I got the idea that it would be a gigantic place.  Our server was hilarious and fun- he happened to be from Ohio and informed me he was a Buckeye (I'm from Michigan, but I'm not a Wolverine so Buckeyes usually don't hate me) and was pretty cool about taking my fun jabs at his home state.  He was super attentive and even was nice enough to give me directions home (horrific sense of direction). I kind of wanted to be best friends with him.  Anyway... I had the one organic glass of red wine on the menu (he brought me a sample first) and the Pasena.  Both were great beverage choices.  I also got to nibble on the tomato/mozzarella and flaked tuna bruschetta and was pleased with both.  I'd go with the original.I dream of the day that I find such a cute little place on the West side (feel free to suggest one if I'm missing it).  The atmosphere rocks, and the unique booze options only add to the charm of this place.
Over-priced, over-salted and thoroughly unimaginative. Package those adjectives up in a pretty little nutshell and you've got Arcadia Tavern. Arcadia Tavern is a family-friendly, bland and inoffensive, if not overpriced, alternative to Applebee's or TGI Friday's. I was seriously enthused when a tavern opened up within a five minute walk of my house. I like drinking and I like walking. Combine the two and you get stumbling, which can also have its high points, ripped jeans notwithstanding. But Arcadia Tavern is no tavern. No self-respecting tavern can commit the cardinal sins of happy hour and retain their integrity.Cardinal rule #1: Thou shalt not end happy hour before 7 pm. Seriously. What is it with places trying to redefine Happy Hour as the hours between 3 and 6 pm? I understand that from a price point perspective the 3-4 or 4-5 pm hours are much cheaper than extending food and drink discounts to the 6-7 pm crowd. But I consider that the same as shining up a turd and calling it a custom made gift. Ooo, you offer three hours of happiness? Pity I can only make 15 minutes of it. Bottom line is 5 pm's whistle blowing time, gridlock makes a girl crave a drink and 6-7 pm is the prime hour for getting that drink on. To end happy hour before 7pm pretty much guarantees happy hour barflies will not frequent the establishment.Flipside: Three dollar Dos Equis, all day, every day. At least there's that.Cardinal rule #2: Thou shalt offer more than frozen food and canned items as appetizers, and if offering cheap frozen crap, it shall be reflected in the price. Fries, tater tots, onion rings, wings, mozzarella sticks, chicken strips, and the ubiquitous spinach and artichoke dip? Whoa. Don't strain yourself, TGI Friday's. My main gripe is with the monster nachos. Maybe I'm just taking crazy pills, but the chips, seasoned shredded chicken and nacho cheese were all wicked salty. We're talking mouth-puckering, tastebud-slaughtering salt laden nachos topped with canned pickled jalapenos (gross), black olives (more salt) and black beans (respect).  I'm also biased against the unnatural plastic consistency of nacho cheese. It makes everything soggy and is a tacky substitute for the real deal. Cheese should crisp up around the edges and pull apart in delectable strings, not ooze sadly over a mass of chips and overpower everything else on the plate. I will say that the guacamole and pico de gallo that topped the nachos were delicious, tasted homemade and were a saving grace, but they were also woefully underrepresented compared to the macnasty nacho sauce. Flipside: The three mini sliders (albeit meager) and grilled veggies platter with hummus showed promise. Cardinal rule #3: Thou shalt provide affordable drink and nosh.So what's that nacho monstrosity going to run you? Twelve bucks. Don't blink. You read right. Twelve dollars for salty garbage. Mozzarella sticks? 7. Dozen wings? 9! Completely unrealistic. Shave a couple bucks off each appetizer and you're in the reasonable price zone, particularly considering the cheap tasting ingredients. Taking that first impression into account, I don't think I'm going to shell out 10-12 dollars for a hamburger (without fries) when I could go to Delux and have my socks blown off with flavor for cheaper or to the Chicago Hamburger Co. for pennies in comparison. Flipside: There is no positive here. For the caliber of food offered, the prices are completely unrealistic. Even the desserts are overpriced. Six bucks for a root beer float? That's a big middle finger right there.Arcadia Tavern, as a representative of the Happy Hour enforcement squad, I hereby declare you undeserving of your title. Four Peaks is a tavern. The Vine is a tavern. Icehouse is a tavern. Hell, even Carlsbad Tavern does it better and they have plastic bats hanging from the ceiling. I regret that I shall never again spend a happy hour in your warm embrace. Although you may still win me over with $3 you-call-its on Thursday after 9 pm. Particularly when accompanied by a little goldfish racing. I totally hate goldfish, too. At least share that in common.
The cool name of the place is the only good thing here. The burgers are below-average and unenjoyably (is that a word?) messy. Fries, too greasy. Seating, not comfortable. Skip it!
This Mexican restaurant has the best burritos in town!  This is not your roach infested 24 hour drive through kind of burrito joint either.  Here are the reasons that make La Tolteca #1 and one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix!1-Full bakery with mouth watering fresh pastries2-Fresh ingredients and great prices3-Also serves beer if you feel like having a Corona with your meal as opposed to take out4-Little market has the best prices in town on citrus fruits and just enough of everything to cook up a little Mexican meal (Ranch Market not needed!)5-Make your own pico/ salsa bar, make it your style and get as much of it as you want:)So, if you are downtown looking for authentic Mexican this is the place.  Of course it is super casual take out or seat yourself kind of place so don't  try to flatter your date here! But get there early, I'm pretty sure they close up shop by 9 or 10...
i like the ooey gooey cupcake! the chocolate cake is soooo moist and cooked evenly in perfection. only it's served chilled? it's weird. their cookies are good, too. I bought a tub of their easter sugar cookies and they are so stinking cute! they're very sweet though so it's impossible to eat more than 2 per day but soo good. anymore than that you'd need insulin. :)
For a boba drink fan like me, it is still rare to find a tea place that has authentic tea (and not just milk powder), hot or cold tea choices, and boba and tea that taste great individually or separately.I ordered an iced chocolate chai (yum! such a difference from plain old Oregon Chai used at most coffee houses) with boba.  The only negative is that the drink was $4.91, but it was well worth it!  Mmmmmmm love this place!
I initially visited Daily Dose about a year ago after a night out.  I was only able to stomach some coffee and a few bites of breakfast nachos that morning, so I wanted to come back for a real (sober) meal.  Alas, they made a better impression on my first visit, headache and all.My recent visit was on a Sunday, around 11:30am, and surprisingly there wasn't a line.  We had a 5 min wait though, so we helped ourselves to water & coffee from the pitchers outside.  When we were called to our table I was a little disappointed - the table was tiny and squeezed between the door to the front patio and a server's station - but I let it go.  My son knew he wanted a cheeseburger and I finally decided on the Ancho-chile corned beef sandwich with sweet potato fries.  Yes, this was going to be a cheat day!Our waitress seemed.... off, and lacking personality.  She didn't take our menus after we'd ordered and there was no where to put them on the tiny table, so they ended up propped up against the window.  Same thing with our paper cups we'd brought in from outside - they sat next to the menus the whole meal.  The wait for our meals was a little long in my opinion - about 35 minutes.  During that time, our waitress was completely MIA and our drinks sat almost empty.  Thankfully, the guy who finally brought out our food was nice enough to refill them.  So, I thought corned beef rubbed with ancho chili spice and topped with sauerkraut on rye was going to be a bomb of savory, tangy, spicy flavor!  But.... not, not at all.  What in the hell do you do to sauerkraut to make it BLAND?  How do you make these yummy ingredients just completely flat??  Frankly, I was PISSED I wasted so many calories on this sandwich.  I ate half because I was really hungry but didn't even bother to take the other half home.  On a more positive note, the sweet potato fries were excellent.Feeling unfulfilled, I decided to try my son's cheeseburger.  Even though it was from the kid's menu, the burger was ENORMOUS and they sure didn't skimp on his fries either.  Sadly, the burger was also really under-seasoned and I honestly wondered if they'd seasoned it at all.  The pretzel-bread bun was the most flavorful part of the burger - it was yum!About 15 minutes after our food came out, the waitress finally came by.  I asked her for a box (for my son's burger) and the check, which she brought to us at the speed of light.  I was very surprised to see I'd been charged $2.50 for a glass and a half of lukewarm, weak iced tea.  If I'd known that, I would've ordered a Tecate light for the same price.  Anyway, I got the distinct impression she wanted us to leave so her table could be re-seated with people who would drink and rack up a bigger bill.  Her loss, as I usually tip very generously when I'm out with my son. Overall, I was just totally bummed with Daily Dose's food, service, and value - and bummed my 100th Yelp review only deserves 2-stars.
I've spent more time than I need to remember in hotel bars and restaurants, and they all kind of fade into a blurry, nebulous, mass. District, however, stands out.From their pork sliders and bacon wrapped dates on happy hour, to their cold and juuust right gin martinis, I don't think they hit a flat patch the whole week I was there, and I stopped by at least once a day. The bartender I had, Matt, was funny, smart, sweet, and made me feel like I had a friend in Phoenix. The experience was more than I could have asked for from a hotel restaurant, and if I stay in the area again I will definitely go back.
This review is mainly for the bar and a few light (ok not light, but small) snacks.  Met with a couple people during their soft opening and there was absolutely nothing soft about it.  I got there a few minutes early and posted up at the bar to grab a Manhattan.  This drink is usually my boozometer when I am trying a place first.  Ok, we've got something here, this drink is tasty.  Started talking to the bartenders and got a really comfortable feeling from them.  When was the last time that you sit down to the bar and  they ask your name, tell you their's, and then shake your hand?  After the manhattan the rest of the group showed.  The bar was a little too busy to fit the three of us so I took my second drink, sazerac, to the table.  Sazerac was tasty as well.  Rest of the table ordered some drinks and nothing negative to be said anywhere.  We each had around 4 or 5 drinks and every last one of them was delicious.  We were comped a few bar snack and all were delicious but the stand out was the warm nuts. (twss)  Mixed nuts warmed with Herbs De Provence and a little bit of chili flake I believe.  Soooooo good.  As for the style of the place it is fantastic.  Feels cool but not cliche.  The Palomar staff did a fantastic job of designing this space.  As of now this is the one place in City Scape that is worth while.
I came in here to order to get takeout it was 19.99 For 2 cheese pizza's ummm not so cheap. They only use 1 type of cheese the pizza was not great I wouldnt go that route again but I am willing to go back and try the Veggie pizza. I surprised my brother with some suicide wing's I dont eat meat but I did try the sauce and ate some w my pizza it was HOT. He loved them all 20 were gone at the end of the night. They said they were SO HOT but the boys just couldnt stop eating them. They said they were very good meaty and not too vinegary. An extra star for making the boys happy with the hella hot wings that night. FYI they probably use hydrogenated oils here by the way but I didnt ask!
It seems like dine-in theaters are popping up all over the Valley these days. Studio Movie Grill in north Scottsdale recently opened.The theater has a far less luxurious feel than the AMC Esplanade 14 or even iPic Theaters. Instead of comfy reclining seats, you're stuck sitting upright, and you won't get any blankets to keep you warm. The inside looks the most like a traditional theater that I've seen at a dine-in theater-and my companion mentioned the lobby reminded him of an airport, and the theater itself, a bowling alley.Like the other two places, though, ordering food or drinks from your server is as easy as pushing the button at your seat. They'll come and grab your order (the menu is full of American food, similar to AMC Esplanade 14), and they'll deliver it to you throughout the movie.Movie tickets are $9 Sunday-Thursday and $11 Friday's and Saturday's, which is way less expensive than iPic and around the same price at Esplanade. I heard people are arriving up to an hour early for weekend movies, so be warned.We drank and ate during the movie. We got a pitcher of domestic beer for $15, which I thought was a good deal considering the two of us drank two beers each from it. For food, I ate a grilled cheese sandwich ($6.25), which came with French fries. I actually really liked this grilled cheese sandwich, since the bread was thick and there was lots of cheese, and the seasoned fries were thickly cut and tasted great. Some regular movie theater concession stand items at non-dine-in theaters are just as expensive, so I thought the food prices here were really reasonable.Though the food and prices were satisfactory, based on the less comfortable atmosphere, I'd still pick AMC Esplanade 14 out of the now three dine-in theaters I've tried.
Dilemma: where the heck to find a nice place to eat near AZ Fairgrounds/Grand? (Shiverrrrrrrrrrrrr)Promblem solved!  Found the answer @ Fez!Candace was super speedy, always had a smile, and returned to our table about a dzn times in the 90 mins we were here.Gazpacheo & Grilled Crustini was OMG good!  (problem was it only came with 3 tiny pieces of bread, had to ask for more, got few pieces of pita, still had 1/2 left bowl of gazpacheo, asked for more bread - cuz like what the heck are you going to do with a bowl of dip otherwise? and they charged us for the extra bread?  x 2 ?  not cool).Cheese & Garlic Fondue was pretty good.  So was the Chicken Strips.Really good drink specials (unfortunately, had none as their specialties are mostly tequila based - not for me!  nor am I a beer drinker, and I did not like their house wine).  But I did have a nice bottle of Sav. Blanc from New Zealand.Anyhow, this fit the bill at having fabby Nom~Noms before heading over to the Coliseum (~ick~) at the Fairgrounds to see the Roller Derby Girls - Whoop~ Whoop!
everytime my sister comes to town we go striaght from the airport to Karsh's.our intent is to buy bagels and we do, but we can never stop there and wind up with a variety of goodies. all that we have comsumed over the years has been really great. as for service, always with a smile and friendly attitude.we used to go here all the time when we lived on n. central, but since we moved to the other side of the world it has become a special occasion place. so please open one near us too.
I took a cooking class with Chef Eddie Matney (Eddie's House Restaurant) and his recipe called for Vanilla bean olive oil from the Olive Mill. First off, what he made with this recipe was phenomenal much thanks to that smooth vanilla olive oil in there! I decided to google this place only to find out that Chef Beau Macmillan acclaimed a the kalamata sandwich from there as his "bad boy favorite." I don't know what a bad boy favorite even means but it has to be good especially since I've had his food and was quite impressed. I decided to make the 45 minute drive from Scottsdale out there on a Sunday afternoon to get my olive oil and try this kalamata sandwich. Such a cool atmosphere inside. It's like a trader joes/gift shop/paradise bakery all with a rural, kinda on the farm feel. You could easily kill an hour here just looking around at all the stuff for sale.  I couldn't believe the kalamata sandwich! If you go there and order anything else....you're wrong. Freshest ingregients I've ever tasted. I feel like the pork could have just been butchered 5 minutes prior to me ordering it and the vegetables just picked from their garden (which they do have there). Pretty cool how you can sample the endless flavors of olive oil there. Got myself the vanilla bean and the blood orange as well. Make for some unstoppable pancakes. Tried the gellato and wasn't all that impressed. But in all due fairness, I'm not exactly sure what real gellato is supposed to taste like since all I've had is gelleto spot and grateful spoon.Definitely worth the drive! Great place to bring the family.
This dairy sells fresh milk, straight from the cow.  That's what they're licensed to sell.  They use organic feed (dried grasses), hydrogen peroxide for cleaning certain things, and iodine to clean the cows' teats (just like many dairies used to).  They want the cows to be out on pasture, but they need a bigger piece of land to do so.  If you know of a piece of land in the area, please suggest it to Jackie Calamos.  I love their milk.  As of this date, milk is $10/gallon, the true cost of the milk (or maybe even a little low).  Most of the milk you buy in the store isn't worth the price.  Forcing more production out of cows with hormones comes at the cost of quality (and your health).  SYD's has all the good stuff (the proof is in the taste).  It's never made us sick, and we've been drinking it for 2 years.  It's a miracle that this metro area actually has a dairy willing to sell fresh milk to the public!  Thank you, Save Your Dairy!
Way old school. I did the lunch buffet, $6 and change including drink.  It was actually pretty good.  Yes there were a few times I asked myself "exactly what part of a chicken is this from?" but the flavors were good. I'm guessing about 15 different items on the buffet.I'm guessing this place has been here for 10+ years, maybe double that.  Red cheesy Asian interior as you would expect in a place like this.I like this place, so what are you going to do about it?
Beautiful ,wonderful and very romantic ambient setting sets the tone for a romantic dinner with the one you love .We first experienced El Chorro back in early April ,and were so enchanted with our patio dining experience ..beautiful view of Camelback MTN. lovely flora and landscaping ,and their adorable organic garden area. That we have returned a few times ,and every visit has been wonderful -impeccable service and delicious fare.Dinner High-lights ;Niman Ranch Steak ,twice baked potato ,asparagus.Free Range Chicken, mashed and peasChopped salad and the Chicken Cobb salad both fresh and delicious.Veggie pasta with shrimp .Drink High- lights ;Honey pot ( jack daniels lemonade drink)Mojito ( strawberry and Jalapeno) sooo good!The sticky buns are just sick !! we always take an order home .Fabulous ! every time.
I really like this place... they have great wine... try the tasting... it is 10 bucks and you get 5 tastes... they make almost all of the wine in house (i know the almond champagne is not made there)... i have not found any wine that i don't like... my favorite is their porto and chocolate port.the other thing you can do is have a bottling party.  i recently purchased 30 bottles (at a great price!!!  cheaper then the wine stores).  they make the batch for you and then you have a party to bottle and label it.  this is a great and fun different party for you are your friends.  despite it location it is a great place for a date...
great service, efficient bartender, the place was packed and he flew around that place serving brewski's nonstop...awesome outdoor patio and great view of camelback...happy to see this little gem and will be back
So far, I have been to Lola twice (a Saturday night and Monday morning). Saturday night was very quiet compared to the super busy Monday morning. Free Wi-Fi, coffee, baked goods, and awesome location...you can't beat it. The morning we went, we had a Monterrey Jack scone that was really good. I laughed when I got my latte in a "So I Married an Axe Murder"-esque cup. We sat along the high tables facing Central Ave and I really enjoyed surfing the internet and looking out towards Central. There are various types of seating as well as some outdoor tables. I really loved this place but worry that it will be one of those places that will be so popular, you'll never get to sit there. That is why I stopped going to Lux because it eventually got so crowded all of the time. My favorite part of Lola coffee is being right on Central and watching traffic and the light rail go past. Love it, love it.
Not too much to add. But must try nevertheless. Second time here, well technically third but the first time it was on a Sunday at 3pm and it was closed. Closed, 3 pm Sunday? That made me a grumpy mumpy, but on the second time/third time when it was open, I was pleased. I mean, Sunday at 3 pm and closed, YIKES!! Where will hipsters look cool and surf on their Mac Books for free or students study for hours while only spending $6? Went yesterday (third time) for a little of the old in and out, or in some circles known as a spot of coffee. Nice coffee shop, I didn't eat anything but had a lovely triple skinny vanilla latte and picked up a bag of their espresso. I love coffee art and my skinny vanilla latte had a touching and semi-inspiring flower shape on it. I immediately rushed home and scoured You tube to learn to make coffee art with my espresso machine. Oh, they make it look so easy, we tried it and are beginning to make progress, (I made the shape of an ink blot on my latte) oh to think some day my latte will have intricate bird shapes and strange Aztec images on our homemade espresso drinks, alas inspired by Lola's. PS. Coffee art is a lot harder than they make it look on You tube. To sum it up, I found it to be a nice caring touch that you don't see at many other coffee shops. The shop itself is really set up nicely and in perhaps one of the best central corridor locations possible. Off the light rail and in the heart of Cen Pho, it is strategically perfect. The down side you ask? The hours are Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy. One would expect later hours with a central-downtown-hip-urbane -Coffee shop of this caliber? I think the hours are indicative of an inherent conundrum to what ails Central Phoenix as a whole (although improving). Things are just not open late enough to be considered a World Class City. Hopefully, they will have longer hours as time goes on? Otherwise, I am a fan of Lola's!
ABC is the Home Depot for the baker or kitchen gadget junkie. They offer unique cake molds, cake toppers and my favorite- solid color cupcake liners. They host a number of different Wilton cake decorating classes.They close by 3:00PM.
I will never know what the food tastes like because they were so so rude, I will not go back.  We came in and were given a table, menus were practically thrown at us.  And then we waited, and waited and waited.  We asked a woman working there, and she apparently did not speak English and indicated a man at the front would help us.  But he was too busy talking.  We got up and left.  No one even said a word when we left.
I met some friends last night at Cadillac Ranch and this was my first time going. The space has a very odd layout, but there are two bars (one inside and one outside on the patio) and both have plenty of TVs to watch. There is also a very cliche mechanical bull, but unfortunately (or maybe fortunately) no one rode it while I was there.Service at the bar was really good, but when our group moved to a table, service became spotty. We had two servers for our table of 11 and one would take a drink order or would be asked for something and then not deliver it or something would get missed...the two servers just didn't coordinate very well. Luckily we weren't in a hurry and were a pretty laid back group. I only ate the Cadillac salad (mixed greens, tomatoes, cheese and croutons) and it was a nice size for $7.95. However, and maybe this is just a pet peeve of mine, but I hate when restaurants put the dressing on for you! I prefer for it to come on the side, as it does in almost every single restaurant I have ever been to, so I can put on as much as I would like. I did try a few of my friend's fries and they were good...not oily and for fries, they were actually pretty light. As a note, for groups, they put an automatic 20% gratuity on the bill, not the standard 18% most other places do.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place as a lunch or dinner destination as I was not impressed by the menu or the entree prices which seemed on the high side for what they were. However the three stars I am giving Cadillac Ranch are for their happy hour:$2 domestics$3 imports$3 Fat Tire bottles$3 Flavored Smirnoff Vodka drinks$3 Margaritas$4 Rum (Captain Morgan)$5 Vodka Martinis$3.50 to $5ish select appetizers (there are about four or five)I'm always happy when I can get Stella drafts for cheap. Also, according to the bartender, one of the margaritas they serve can only be purchased a maximum of 4 times by one person because it is so strong. One piece of advice: If you start at the bar and move to a table, close your tab at the bar even if they offer to transfer it to your table. We had a huge mess last night and some people overpaid and some of us underpaid.
Yard House seems to be a good place to meet a group of people because of their huge menu, beer selection, and atmosphere conducive to talking... this location can get crowded, so depending on when you go, be prepared to wait.I'm typically not so much into chain restaurants but I've been to Yard House more than a handful of times and it's pretty consistent so I don't mind going every once in a while... the thing is, I now have a favorite item on the menu, it's the miso glazed sea bass.  When we went the other night, they were out... bummer!Our server was fine- not the most friendly, but took decent care of us.  We were a party of 6, and I wasn't the only one planning on ordering the seabass... my aunt and I were both disappointed, but what can you do?  I ended up with the shrimp and vegetable terriyaki bowl and my aunt went with the tuna tartar appetizer and edamame.  Others at the table had the scallops, the turkey burger, a steak salad, and scallop entree... Few of us were drinking that night, but we managed to have a good meal.The manager, Clem, came over to apologize for being out of seabass - that was appropriate; obviously, we knew it wasn't his fault, but the gesture was nice.  In thinking about writing this review, I have to say that I lingered between 3 and 4 stars... I ended up giving just 3 because the Yard House has become just another chain restaurant in my eyes... nothing special, the same thing every time, just plain old average!Sure, I'll be back for group meals, but I won't be rushing over on my own or on a date anytime soon. Go for a beer, go to watch a game, go to listen to some classic rock and have an average meal... and if you like seabass and it's in stock, go for it!
We got here around midnight last Friday... the place was dead. However, they were still serving food and we enjoyed some well made pub grub. Service was friendly, quality cocktails were served, and the atmosphere is derived from an old Uno's, which certainly works for a sports bar. It being located in a somewhat commercial area, I can see why it's empty so late on a Friday. From what my friends tell me - this is a great spot for happy hour, and it stays relatively busy thru 10pm.*UPDATE - Great patio for day-drinking on the weekends!
Not being a big fan of chain restaurants, I wasnt super excited to eat here last night. I was however, starving and craving mexican food and wanting to try somewhere new so we ended up at Manuel's. OMG I loved it! The salsa's (especially the hot!) the chips, the cheese crisp with green chiles and onions, and most of all: the chilaquiles!! I LOVE chilaquiles so much and had mostly seen them only served at breakfast until I opened up Manuel's menu and there they were, just how I like them! SO good I wouldve licked the dish they were served in if I wasnt so full afterwards!JD had a rolled quesadilla that was fantastic too and we both needed to be rolled out of there when we finished eating. It was so good though that I'm craving it again today. We will definitely be back!
very nice setting, right next door to Joe's Farm Grill (previously reviewed and raved about). Friendly, cozy and crowded. Great, huge sandwiches and good coffee. I am picky about coffee though. A lot of places have coffee that tastes good but for some reason makes me very thirsty. Such was the case here, but it was ok. The absolute standout for me was the peanut butter scone. Never had one, or even heard of one before. It lived up to my hopes and I enjoyed every moment I spent eating it. Added bonus, the fresh dates were out at the farm stand. However, the plastic thing on the wall that was supposed to hold the cash for the honor system was empty of envelopes. I asked at the coffee shop but they didn't know. Said it was a different place. Well, ok, I went back. Stuck my money in the plastic thing. Figured even if someone else took it at least I did my part. It wouldn't be on my conscience. Had to have those dates. All of Joe's stuff - you're great - I hope you stay in business forever! or at least a really, really long time!
Eh.... 2.5 stars, maybe? 3? Not sure, yet.After looking at the menu online, I really wanted to like this place. The menu has some creativity to it, unlike the template-North-Indian-restaurant-menus you find at many of the Indian restaurants in the Valley. Aside from offering things like korma, kadai, vindaloo, etc. with a variety of options (chicken, lamb, paneer, shrimp or fish for each) they also have some other more unusual choices, like one of my favorite dishes, mattar malai methi (creamy fenugreek and peas). And dahi vada in the appetizers... I couldn't wait to check it out.Unfortunately, three friends and I went at lunchtime on a Saturday - and there was a buffet. So I didn't get to try any of those tempting dishes.The restaurant itself, while  decorated a little haphazardly (Chinese paintings?) is bright and clean. There's a TV on a wall, which happened to be playing one of my favorite Bollywood movies...so I was still excited about the place.But...after tasting the food...meh.The buffet was all right.. but nothing to write home about. Pluses? Once again, it had something different..fish curry as well as an Indian-style Chinese dish or two. So that was cool. But the food was just so-so. I was there fwith three other people - one of them said the cuts of meat, especially the chicken, were of higher quality than most Indian buffets. But he didn't like the sauces so much. One other friend said he liked the tikka masala, but that was about it.As for the vegetarians, well, we didn't have a lot of choices. Veggie manchurian (which was pretty good), a very bland chana masala and some pea/carrot thing that reminded me more of baby food than anything else.The dessert was just all right, too. And the rice was very bland.So, overall, I wasn't impressed. But I don't want to judge the place too harshly based just on the buffet. After all, Curry House was packed on a Saturday afternoon, so I'm thinking maybe it's got something better to offer me.. I'll have to go back for dinner and see what their non-buffet selections taste like before I totally write this place off my list.
I was a regular at the Nello's on 48th st and Warner in Awhatukee, so I was pretty interested in trying this location out.  They are all owned individually so I expected it to be a little bit different which it was.  Still good, but I think I like some of the selections of the other Nello's better.  Not that big of a deal because I have already been here twice over the last 2 weeks, but I liked the soup of the day and the panini's they had at the one in Awhatukee.  Still a great place!
If we were able to give 0 stars... I would ask to give -1.I live nearby, and am sad to see that a coffeeshop that sells coffee this horrible is still in business in my neighborhood.Not only was the breve mocha that I ordered disgusting, so was the process of watching the barista make my drink.They use hershey's chocolate from a dirty nacho cheese style pump with chocolate sauce dripping down the sides, and coagulated into a thick cap at the tip of the nozzle.  *Disgusting.  The espresso shot was made without care, or concern for the fact that it was done way too quickly, and with espresso grounds that were ground way before I walked in the door.  Possibly way before the barista started her shift.   *GrossAnd finally.  The milk.  She steamed the milk with the automatic steam wand.  This was a huge red flag.  Those are notorious for burning milk and making disgusting drinks.  Well, both were accomplished. The steam wand was tinted white from lack of cleaning.  And the worst part was that near the end of the wand was a DARK CHEESE that had accumulated from burning milk and not cleaning the wand after every use. Which is FREAKIN - DISGUSTING.I wasted 5 bucks on an overpriced small mocha, and threw it away after taking a sip.  Hundreds of businesses in the area close down every year, and there are more realty signs in strip malls in this neighborhood than actual storefronts.  AND I really don't understand why this place hasn't joined the many defunct businesses and starry eyed entrepreneurs in the unemployment line.  If you own a coffeeshop.  Coffee should be your passion.  If you own a bait shop.  Fishing should be your passion.If you just want to open up a business that mirrors a nearby popular chain (short, tall, grande), please stop wasting space in the strip mall and get a day job in a cubicle.Never going back, warning my friends about this place, and am probably going to contact the health department on Monday.
The food was decent, however I am writing about their underhanded business practices.I ordered a travelzoo voucher for $69 that included 2 3 course meals. It said "Regularly $140". What we ordered, if had been ordered off the regular menu would have been about $100. However, we were charged tax on the full $140. Second, even though on the voucher it says "PLEASE TIP ON THE FULL VALUE OF THE CHECK." (which implies tip is not included and we get to choose the tip amount) and nowhere mentions automatic gratuity, 18% gratuity (18% of $140, even though we ordered $100 worth of food at the most) was automatically added to our check.Third, even if you had ordered the most expensive options, the highest possible amount it could be worth is $120, not $140. It is mathematically impossible to have the voucher be a $140 value, but that is what they add tax and tip to.Fourth, after we told our waiter we were using a voucher, he seemed less interested in the service level of our table, which i later realized was because he had a guaranteed 18% (of $140) tip.I just noticed today they have another travelzoo deal "$79 - AWARD-WINNING FRENCH DINNER FOR 2 W/WINE, REG. $165", I am posting this so hopefully if anyone is thinking of buying that voucher, they will read this first before they purchase it.
Drunk people go here. Service is good depending who you get. The Burger according to one Arik B can not taste his burger. When ask the server, how come my friend Arik b can't taste his burger? Why?You had to be there to laugh. What a fun night!!!!Don't order the pancakes, they are not very good. The chicken strips were a-ok.
The food at Beaver Choice Scandinavian Bistro is delicious; a little unusual, but easily understood. Hearty and reasonably priced. You can find out all about it at azcentral.com in an article by Howard Seftel. Then, after reading this survival guide, you should go and try it.     Things you will need: 1. An afternoon or evening with no commitments other than your meal. This could take a long, long time. 2. A pen and a piece of paper on which to write your order (along with an alternate choice). 3. Dining companions who all enjoy the same foods and are willing to eat off the same plate. 4. A snack to tide you over until your food arrives. 5. A sense of humor (but try not to laugh out loud),     Here's our experience:     Four of us entered the small, 20 seat restaurant at 12:10. There were six other people seated at the minimalist glass top tables. A large, and very appetizing looking catering order was taking up another table. We were given menus and told to order at the counter. There were many, many choices of entrees (a few warned that they would take between 20 and 35 minutes to prepare - we avoided those), and each one came with a choice of four side dishes. You can see why a paper and pen might come in handy. Ken went to place our order, but he had to wait for three other people who had arrived before him. It took a while.  Then he was told that my entree choice was not available because they had run out of gravlax. I came up with another selection, and Ken went back to the counter - where another group of people had taken his place and were ordering. Another wait, then my second choice wasn't available either. The sauce had to be reduced and wouldn't be ready until Tuesday. I figured I'd be safe with a third choice of Swedish meatballs, so I yelled over to Ken who saw that each of our orders was being written on a separate piece of paper. Odd.     We settled in to wait for our food. Our drinks were brought to the table. Sena's eyes popped when she sipped the pitch black coffee. The waitress said it was always that strong and that there was no milk or half and half available, but she could bring out some heavy cream. I noticed that food was coming out of the kitchen painfully slowly. One dish to one table, a while later, one dish to a different table. Companions were left twiddling their thumbs. It so reminded me of Hell's Kitchen - I could hear Gordon Ramsey going ballistic: "Shut it down you &*#$%!!!!" . At about 1 PM my Swedish Meatballs were delivered. I put the plate in the middle of the table and invited everybody to dig in. Luckily the servings are large. We finished that off and waited another ten minutes before Sena's chicken schnitzel arrived. That too was shared. At about 1:35 Ken's entree was brought. That left Leon, who had ordered Tilapia. We flagged down the owner and told her that we had a 2 PM engagement and would like our remaining dish. She said she'd look into it, went into the kitchen and was not seen again. A while later another staff member came over and told us that there had been a large catering order, that they had only a six burner stove  and that 2 employees had called in sick. I mentioned that I didn't think it was right to serve some people at a table and not others. "This is the way we do it, we're not going to change it, and Howard Seftel thought it was all right", was the emphatic reply. More waiting. At 1:50 a different staff member came over and said it would be a few more minutes. To our disconcerted rumblings he said - and you're not going to believe this - "The fish has to be defrosted slowly because of the parasites...."  At this point, I'll confess, I started to laugh loudly and somewhathysterically. It may have been rude, but I couldn't help myself.      We were out of time, so Leon decided he'd take the fish to go. Ken went up to the counter and gave one of my Valley Vittles cards to the "parasite" staff member, saying that the food was great but the service terrible. At which point the staff member had a melt-down, yelled at Ken to get out of his restaurant, then went slamming through the kitchen kicking something on the way out.      This was truly one of the oddest dining experiences I've ever had. Very Alice in Wonderland. But if you go equipped with the five items mentioned above, you'll have some excellent food.
Sadly received this email today:Sabatinos is ClosedYou know we have been experiencing a lack of sales which we can blame on the economy, new restaurants opening here in the valley (most likely for much less cost than us original places), we tried to work with our landlord, but he would not budge on lowering our rent. We just could not afford the 5500.00 this month and were afraid we would lose everything in our place to a Lockout, which was threatened to us already.We just wanted to say goodbye to all of our loyal customers, we really enjoyed having you come in weekly and keeping up with your lives as well as you keeping up with ours. We will probably be leaving the Az area and starting over fresh. God Bless Kevin and Sheri
Have you ever had the Lean Cuisine chicken enchiladas? Have you ever been to a super obnoxious sorority party, where all the blonde bimbos are tanked and dancing on tables and such? Have you ever been totally ignored by wait and bar staff even though you've doused yourself in lighter fluid and set yourself on fire? Well. Then. You've been to San Felipe's. Lower than mediocore food. Except for the grilled fish tacos. Thus 2 stars. Not 1. When I lived at DCRanch, I thought this would be a less expensive, less formal place to hang out. Hmmm...other than grabbing a quick beer here I'd sooner stay at home, eat Doritos and watch a sorority slasher film. What do Kristin and Pierre say? Meh? Yea, that's it. Meh!
This particular restaurant is not set up well.  There is a section of 4 soups all clearly labeled, but further down, there is a black kettle of another soup with a tiny little label that you have to pick up and read. In the center of the counter, there is a bread bin, you have to lift the plastic door and hold it open while you retrieve your bread.  I was fascinated to watch other people's techniques for bread retrieval while I was eating.  There are tortilla chips in this bin and then you have to go to one end of the counter for taco meat, then to the other end for cheese, lettuce, sour cream, etc. Poorly planned and smaller selection than Sweet Tomatoes, I would rather pay a few more dollars for a better selection.
I have to admit that I can't stop going to Carly's even though I KNOW I shouldn't!  Good:  I can't get enough of the Cape Cod salad! It is really somethin' special, that ain't no lie.  Also the soup is always flavorful.Bad: Has nothing to do with the food. It is all about the atmosphere, which is oppressive in an I'm-so-unique-and-talented-and-you-are-smelly-dung sort of way. Staff is pretentious and lazy. They think they must be pretty lofty individuals for working there but that doesn't mean they LIKE to work, for god's sake....  The owner. She is somewhat friendly, but beware. She is the person who created this environment, and it becomes easy to believe once she starts bragging about how well-off she is.  So congratulations everyone! We support these immature little weasels who scorn this gross human ritual we indulge ourselves in: being a customer, AND apparently we have made the owner a rich woman but shhhhhh! She's still the kewlest of the kewl.UPDATE: Received an annoying email from the owner (the husband) who instructed me give " *constructive criticism* " and not make a personal attack or be petty. My review was neither of those things. I do not know John, nor do I know Carla. I only know what I experience when I have lunch at their place of business. The staff was rude and lazy. The owner DID brag. The food I always order is good. Get a grip buddy.I was honest about my experience for OTHER PEOPLE who are considering spending their cash on food there.  I am not in the least concerned about the owners or the staff personally, but apparently John thinks I ought to be.  I ought to see how great Carla is. In fact, he goes into detail about how great Carla is.  It's nice to witness a man standing up for his lady. It would almost cause me to add a star up there, but sorry, no can do.  His improper use of the possessive apostrophe SEVERAL times canceled that out (okay, now that was petty -my bad).  I'd advise John to concentrate on things other than trolling around yelp, chastising his own customers, whose business supports that fancy paint and the famously zombie-like staff.  Maybe the staff is just following John's lead when they don't focus on creating a positive experience for their customers?Honestly, I remain puzzled as to why John would bother to bother me.  I go into a small restaurant to find the owner bragging. That is part of my experience and I will continue to post reviews featuring owners, and how they carry themselves.As for the "personal attack" on Carla, I will not retract what I said just because John is butthurt and whines about it. I will say this: Carla has probably been in the restaurant several of the many times I have dined there, but I perceived the bragging only one time. I doubt anyone who read my review would label this person a braggart based on that one experience of mine, and as I said before- it did not and would not stop me from going back.I will be back. I will order the food and enjoy the food, but since that's not the only part of the dining experience, I will tolerate the negative things because the food I regularly order is consistently good.
I will begin by saying that I've been wanting to try this place for months now, simply because they have a salad that bears my name. Which reminds me of my high school days, when the internet was new and I spent an afternoon with a friend visiting websites that also had our name. Most ended up being adult sites, but tonia.com* was an Asian company that had my name written in a fantastic logo. I wonder what it means. Anywho, not only does the salad live up to its given name, but Moto is now on my backup sushi rotation. Reasonably priced and of good quality, I was extremely full by the time I ate only half of my dinner. The Tonia salad I actually had for lunch a day later, and was very filling and delicious. I can only imagine what it would've been like eating it the same night. Had it not been as great, I would've never came back and written to the owners, demanding the salad change to a lesser awesome name, maybe one more common or boring.My to go order was ready exactly when they said it would and I was in and out the door in minutes. I'll be back.*I have no idea if this is still the same site anymore. I am not responsible for where the link leads.. now.. or in the future
The place has a nice little vibe going on and they have some unique items but the reason the rating is so low is that there really aren't a lot of options that don't involve faux meat.  Aren't these people vegan?  Don't they hate the idea of poor little animals being our food (even though that is the only reason they are alive)?  Then why so much FAKE MEAT?!  I will never understand the meat envy vegans and vegetarians have.  I go to a place like this to get a dish that uses vegetables in more creative ways, not to get some overly processed soy products that aren't nearly as healthy as fresh lean meats like chicken and fish.  FYI, I love meat but every once in a while I like to grab a vegetarian dish.  Another negative is nearly everything is fried.  Guess they bust the myth that people are vegan because it is healthier.  Frying things is the cheap way out of actually creating a healthy AND tasty meal.  I'll give them a 2.5 star because what we chose was quite tasty.  But with nearly every option involving faux meat and tofu it really is a disappointment.  If you want legitimate vegan fare try out some indian places or Ethiopian places.  They are very creative and using spices to flavor a vegetable dish. The fake cheeses and meats are for Vegans with meat envy, not for Omnivores that just want a good meal.  Keep your expectations in check and you should be okay.
Since I was in AZ area for the weekend with my gf for pleasure we decided to visit one of my friends in the area. She picked this place and we decided to get seafood instead of steak or a meat house. First of all, I'd suggest making reservations otherwise DO NOT COME HERE. We showed up at 7pm but weren't seated until 845. Good thing we ate a really good lunch otherwise I'd be starving and complaining like a baby. At least this gave us time to have a few drinks before dinner in the LARGE outdoor waiting patio area. I think it was so crowded because it was the weekend before Fat Tuesday. This place kinda reminds me of Bubba Gump or something similar. It seems fun and they do have a large bar and waiting area. We ordered alligator and frog legs as an appetizer. LOVED IT!!! We wanted the fried alligator and frog legs but the waiter absolutely loved that he worked here and HIGHLY recommended that we order it grilled instead. Since he worked here, we figured why not? I was thinking to myself that the cooks were a bit lazy and maybe they didn't want to prepare it. Lol. To my surprise, it was good as he mentioned. I have had both before but not for a few years so I was pleased. My gf ordered the crab stuffed shrimp which was really good. I ordered a  combination seafood plate which was good but not great. There are way too many things to order on the menu. A lot of fried food so if you are trying to watch your diet/weight then don't come here. I would definitely come here again but I wouldn't be in any rush. Great for a lot of people and groups, but PLEASE make RESERVATIONS.
Yummy pancakes made from special house batter were perfectly golden, light/airy & spongy in texture, and had a subtle maple flavor even without the addition of their syrup.  Pancakes are their flagship breakfast entree, though you can choose from the many other items including omelettes, french toast, or the common 2-egg with sides combos.This place has a local owner with a family member as the chef named Dean that is admired by most patrons.  Oh, and he's the one who makes the delicious pancakes of course.  Atmosphere is clean, sterile, and almost like an old hospital cafeteria from decades ago (notice the operating room blue colored booths).  Patrons are almost exclusively senior citizens and the feel is relaxed, comfortable, and really is a throwback to casual breakfast spots were in the past.  Location is on the north side of Peoria just before 99th ave., not far west of the 101.  It's an older strip mall with ample parking, but down't be thrown off by the modest exterior (restaurant is to the far right when you enter the lot).I really like this place because of the overall vibe, friendly service, and pancakes.  It's also a nice getaway from Millennials.
Oh Chelsea's your a tricky little spot, you have tasty tuna tacos (by far the best fish taco I've had in phoenix) but that little tuna delight cost 18$ which is no big thang except that I work within walking distance of the place and 18$ for a lunch taco dish is straight baller status. The outside patio is great and the service is what it is, Its a good corporate lunch spot but stay away when it comes to dinner, its kinda boring, OH YEAH IF YOU DRIVE BY THIS PLACE THEY PUT SOME CRAZY TASTY SMELLS IN THE AIR SO BE STRONG AND KEEP DRIVING YOUR WALLET WILL THANK YOU.
So i'm not here to buy spices or shop for sheesha, i'm here for food. Lots and lots of food. Luckily for me, Haji-Baba is known for tons of food at decent prices so I have a promising evening of stuffing my face without breaking my wallet. God, I sound like a really cheap buffet commercial.But really, to be truthfully, super blunt, honest-to-go-honest truth, Haji-Baba's food is not the best in the world but it is 1) fresh, 2) good quality, 3) tasty and 4) cheap. I am sure you can find better Mediterranean food around town, but this place is really good on your wallet and fits my needs just right. And hey, 215 reviews can't be lying. THE PEOPLE LIKE IT. They like it a lot.I ordered the gyro deluxe (gyro with raw onions and feta cheese), a side order of hummus, Babaganoush (eggplant dip), tried my friends lamb tongue and a pistachio  baklava. If you are feeling adventurous and want to try the lamb tongue, lemme tell you: don't. Really, don't. There is nothing tasty about lamb tongue. It tastes slightly like roast beef but the texture resembles congealed liver patee and the big chunks are really scary. The only positive about eating tongue? Infinite pun jokes about talking about it forever. Get it?The gyro meat was pretty standard in the Gyro deluxe sandwich, the best thing about it was the creamy fresh salty feta cheese. Its the freshest i've ever had and they really DO slap it on that sandwich, like a boss. The babaganoush was also very very tasty with the pickle and the black olive- however- i would have liked bigger pieces of roasted eggplant than a hummus-like texture. The hummus was just A-OK, it needed more of a PUNCH of flavor. Last but not least, the baklava is my favorite dessert in all the land.. so obviously I enjoyed it. Heavy on the honey and not very crispy on the nuts, but pretty decent nonetheless.In conclusion, only use the tongue in your mouth and not the one on the menu, get as much feta cheese as your body can process and buy a desert to-go. BAM, lunch is served.
"Are you kidding me Laura?!?!""OMG we are going to get shot!!""Dude this is a fucking double wide."This is what I heard upon entering the parking lot. "Hell yes we are eating here I don't care what you say!!"I like it no matter if Veronica R (my sister) did not like their green chili. Its a taco place order the tacos!! Yes the rice was overcooked and a bit crunchy hopefully its not like that all the time. The beans were FANTASTICO they tasted like the ones my Abuelita used to make. The salsa was not for the weak its nice and spicy just how I like it. I had the shrimp tacos as my entree see pics, they were delicious I cleaned my plate!!Cheapest beer ever I had a Bohemia for $2.50 they are $6 anywhere else!! We also took some Horchata and a Mansanita glass bottle to go mmmm. This place was clean and reminded me of Mexico inside, if I am in the area I would not hesitate to stop in here for a bite.Shout out to Danny S for recommending! TY!!
Having gone to the now-closed location on Shea, I didn't expect to find myself at the new The Herb Box anytime soon.  My one visit was fine, but didn't leave me wanting more.  However, when Deb L hosted a recent UYE, it was the perfect opportunity for great company at the very least.  Well I'm happy to report I received even more than great company....great food, great service, and comfortable, yet beautiful surroundings were also on the plate.  I began the evening with a glass of their house-made sangria.  I could drink this light and fruity beverage all day.  In fact, I think it would make a fine substitute for my morning OJ.  I did have a hard time choosing an entree.  While I was tempted by the pear and gorgonzola flatbread, I chose the goat-cheese chicken instead.  The shoulder cut chicken was perfectly cooked, but the meat itself was perhaps a little bland, although admittedly I do prefer chicken to be well-seasoned.  The goat cheese stuffing and the fig jam, however, resulted in an overall quite tasty dish.  I loved the mushroom risotto cakes served alongside!!The Herb Box also graciously offered our table a variety of sweet treats at the end of the meal...a slice of fig bundt cake (my favorite), a couple different cupcakes, a whoopie pie, and a passionfruit cake.  While all were enjoyed, none of these wowed me.  I do think these may have been pastries available at the market, and not their dessert menu items.   So thanks to Deb for giving me a reason to try The Herb Box.  I'm sure I will be back again!  I didn't get a chance to browse the market!
"I totes spent half my paycheck here while making out under a palmtree that's no longer there and eating tofu and sauce with my girlfriend/boyfriend/person i needed to impress/first date/ex-boss/lover/landlord/twitter pal! It's edgy and modern and makes me feel like my $80 blouse was worth it and that I'm worldly and cultured and blah blah blah blah blah...". There's no fighting what looks like a small legion of wanna-be hipsters and pseudo romantics who can't get enough of this place or it's food. And who apparently feel great about dropping $50 to $100 for 1.5 ounces of food. VERY impressive. Good for you.In my opinion, it ain't all it's cracked up to be: first, pay attention to how many fried foods are on the menu....fried tofu, fried quail, fried wontons, fried chicken wings, fried pork on sugar cane. Yeah - it's a LOT of fried items. They even fry some of the shrimp in their salad items, i'm told. Hmmmmmmm. Bit overpriced for what you get. Some items are either smothered in gobs of soy sauce (duck breast), or have so little taste that they NEED the sauce (spring rolls - lay off the Anise!!). So....basically you're paying higher prices for gussied-up, MSG-ridden, fried nibbles - even if they ARE tapas. Funny how many people write reviews of this place stating that they were WASTED when they went...maybe because we naturally desire greasy food when we're drunk?I've had friends go and love some items(lime mint beef, red curry tofu, miso) and dislike others (fried pork, gyoza, overcooked fried wontons). I've also had friends tell me they've seen everything from cooks picking food out of their teeth with their fingers behind the counter to death looks from Chu because they clicked their chopsticks together too loudly, or asked for their food to come out on time. It seems he's not the little "darling" that some make him out to be.The music  (on some nights) can be occasionally good, but also gets repetitive and loud. Sometimes this place tries too hard to be New Yorkish - while existing in the remote patchwork of dirt lots making up the roosevelt district (or as some call it, "Cenpho". still looks like a lot of empty dirt lots to me).And occasional HOUR wait times?! What is this: Matt's Big Shumai? It's small food! Get over it!Looks like a lot of people "need" this place to be something it just isn't, for whatever reason. You are a fickle, mysterious and too often Lemming-esque crowd, my dear phoenix.
Cafe Lalibela is my absolute favorite Ethiopian resteraunt in the greater Phoenix area. Located in a small shopping plaza near downtown Tempe, this humble little place packs a whole lot of flavor with their authentic Ethiopian fare. I love their braised meats (particularly the beef and lamb dishes) and your vegetarian friends will rejoice with Lalibela's amazing selection of veggie sides. My mouth is watering just thinking about their potatoes, carrots, and cabbage dish as well as their carrot and green beans. Their spicy lentils are probably my favorite lentils ever, and their injera (thin spongey bread, sort of like naan) is absolutely perfect. The super nice family that owns and operates this place are great and they even offer some great Ethiopian coffee, tea, and beers. One of the only things I really miss about Tempe.
For opening night, there was a giant wave of people coming through the door.  The bar was dimmed in red and purple lights.  The bright new white dining tables were ready to be eaten on.  All new upscale posh furniture in the bar, dining area, and patio.  We were not able to get dinner but we'll be back.
I really adore this place. They've got some of the best lentil soup around and all of their chicken dishes have been perfectly seasoned and very, very juicy. I recently got the kabob plate and it came out so tender and juicy it was falling apart on my fork. Their hummus and garlic sauce are both very good as well and the service is quick and friendly. Last time I was in, I noticed they expanded their dining section so the place is a bit bigger now, probably to accommodate the increase in customers from the park-and-ride light rail station right in front of their restaurant.Do yourself the favor. If you're heading on the light rail and feel hunger strike, stop off here and enjoy a nice meal. They have good lunch specials around $7.50 for a full plate with meat, hummus, garlic sauce, pita, and tabouli. Mmmm!
This place was a disappointment.  I'm a big fan of a good Italian Beef sandwich.  I was introduced to it when I lived in the Chicago area in 2001.  Since I've moved back to AZ, I am always in search of a good one.  Lately, on my way to Anaheim for a little family fun, I stop at Portillo's in Buena Park or Moreno Valley.  This is a must.  Needless to say this is what I compare Italian Beef sandwiches to.The Italian Beef sandwich at Al's just did not compare.  Not only was the beef dry even though I got it wet, but it just tasted different.  It was definitely an unexpected taste for me.  The rest of the family agreed too.  The hype was there but did not deliver or meet my expectations for me.To top it off, the service wasn't the best either.  It took a few times for the cashier to get the order right.  And even though the order was right they still managed to screw up one of the items we ordered.  Though they did rectify it.  And to top it off, we ordered a "chopped" salad.  The lettuce wasn't even chopped.  What?  Not chopped?  It's the little things.We ended up leaving disappointed.  It was a bust for us and definitely not worth the trek from Chandler.
Ive eaten here twice and I dont think Ill ever eat here again. I ordered the lettuce wraps and the food smelled like horrible BO. It made me so nauseous I couldnt even eat it. The salad is decent but I still cant get over that smell!
I hate to give this place 1 star but my recent experiences were horrible. I use to dine at this restaurant often with my family. The more we go, service decreased. Our water cups never get filled.The very last time I was there, I found a gnat in my pho. Although I have eaten about 50% of the medicore pho, they asked if I wanted another bowl. I said no; I was there on my lunch break. No time to wait for another bowl. I got up to pay for my bill and to my surprise, there was no discount or any sort of accommodation. I am disappointed with them and will not be back.
I forgot they built a bunch of FF places along Deer Valley Rd over the last several years, until my bro Daren C reminded me (shout out).I've been making the rounds to various area Arby's using the shit out of the free BBQ Bacon Cheddar Roastburger (arbys.com/coupon and today's the last day!)I thought I'd try out another store to avoid wearing out my welcome on Bell Rd., and I'm glad I did.This is a clean, efficient operation.  The building's pretty new, with a large dining area full of a variety of walled areas and nooks and crannies, giving many of the tables a private feel.There's even a big atrium window, and a real, live 15' or so ficus tree growing indoors out of the floor in the dining area.  Great atmosphere for this kind of place.The service was quick and friendly.  I could tell that the young guy at the counter thought the manager barking orders was being a dick, but he took it in stride, smiling and saying "yes, sir" the whole time.  "richard" the manager was only doing what it takes to keep a FF store running smoothly, though, and young guy will someday get a job selling cars or something, and look back thankfully on all 'richard' taught him about  upselling and add-ons, smiling and being friendly. Bad on Arby's for getting rid of regular french fries, though, as they now only have curly or potato cakes (which are great, but i always appreciate variety).btw BBQ Bacon Cheddar Roastburger kicks butt.
A huge disappointment.  I had been looking forward to getting to Iruna and experiencing what I thought would be an experience to all the good food, service and times once had at Sol Y Sombra.  Joke was on me and my friends!  I would give the service 1 star, but because a few of the dishes were very tasteful, I am giving two stars.  The waiter was nice, but did not belong in the service industry.  He called us "dudes" (I wasn't on the beach and he wasn't wearing swim trunks, no need for "dude"), he kneeled on the table bench directly behind us, basically breathing down my neck when he talked (gross), never asked us how the food was, even when we didn't touch more than 2 pieces of the calamari (that was saturated in oil and desperately needed a few squeezes of lemon).  He took dishes away that we were not finished with.  The food was good - some dishes were great and some were not good at all.  The romesco sauce served with the croquettas was delicious! I could have eaten just a side of the sauce alone.  It has just enough spice and the flavors were spot on.  The trout was another delicious dish.  The fish was cooked to perfection and everything on the plate hit the palette in all the right places.  The calamari was awful.  It was over fried, and instead of serving with a lemon wedge, was served with a citrus aioli - the concept would have been great if worked with the dish. Even after taking the lemon from my water and squeezing on the dish, it was not appetizing.If you check them out online and want to go try them for happy hour - sit at the bar (maybe on the patio, I didn't ask) but we were seated in the actual dining area and then told the HH menu was only available at the bar.  No biggie, but not the best way to attract repeat customers.  The space itself is very nicely decorated, it was comfortable and had a lot of details that worked well with the rest of the decor.  Overall, I think they did a great job with the space, if they tweaked just some small things with some of the food items, they could make them much better and as for service - contrary to popular belief, just because you're in Scottsdale, doesn't mean your staff should be wearing Ed Hardy t shirts and calling customers "dude".
The worst Thai food I've ever had! This place was recommended to us by another couple, and wow was I disappointed!Everything was completely blase and tasteless, the only exception being the extreme spiciness of my fiance's entree(probably to make up for the lack of other spices)...don't bother with this place.
Got to give them four stars, Above the crowed, cooked to order food here is simply great.Yes butter burger is a fun time but the real mean is their entrees Fried Chicken and Fried Cod, they keep their fries clean and use a great breading recipe,  try it you'll be back for more.The beef is ok, sometimes a little salty.  mixers,not the biggest fan but they hit the spot when you need to.  be creative and make your own mixer.  Service,well its ok, they do bring it to your table and when you do a drive thru don't expect this to be Wendy's, it will take some time depending on what you order.  Your given a number and a nice high school student will bring some food to you.The service seems to be young here, they just like hiring someone looking for their 1st job or so.  No this does not create the best service but creates, our local future.  giving a younger kid a job is not easy to do and these kids will move onto another job and keep working this is good karma for Culver's Phoenix  and shows an investment in the town.  I choose to review this location because it has been around.  I used to go out of my way to find a Culver's.  now they are popping up around town.  As a Midwest person this is great to see.  This is mid west food, comforting a little greasy but dedicated to a great meal.  kevin
I was working in Phoenix and was told that I had to try Delux, as they had the best burger and sweet potato fries I would ever have.  The fries were pretty good, but I don't think they were anything above average.  The burger, though, I thought left a lot to be desired.  It was juicy, but I would actually call it more grease-laden than truly juicy.  I like a moist burger, but I don't want grease dripping off the bun.  That was my major problem.  That may be what some people like, but I didn't.
Let the attack of the Blue Hairs begin!  You simply cannot eat here without being shoulder checked by retiree's from Sun City West & Sun City Grand.  They must get to the scrambled eggs before you do, because YOU may take all of them.  The food - yeah, it's basically OK for a buffet.  The selection is pretty good, the food is hot, and some of it is even tasty.  The tables are jammed in to make more room for the elderly and to maximize profits.  And it is your typical buffet decor.  Did I mention that the old farts are like professional hockey players when they get near a buffet?  It is like in a room full of food suddenly becoming afraid that you won't get what you want to eat.  It is ABSURD!Go if you must, but bring some attitude and some shoulder pads.  Watch out for old farts.  Wear an Obama shirt, that should really get em pissed at ya.
3.5 stars! I must say, I'm a total fan of their Zipps Golden Wings! Gotta love their reverse happy hour! Ordering their wings on medium is smart move, their wings are already so flavorful and sweet, that its a shame to go any hotter, since you'll mask the inherent, crisp, and juicy flavor. I'd say pass on the Fish Tacos, and if you're in a burger move, order the Jalapeno Burger. Sampled their beer, not bad! Breakdown:Zipps Golden Wings ~ a MUST get!Fish Tacos ~ Yawn...Sweet Potato Chips ~ Could do again!Jalapeno Burger ~ Delish! Overall, this is a chill spot with your better than average bar food!
I absolutely love, love, LOVE the ambiance and decor of Modern Steak. It's beautiful. Came for Arizona Restaurant Week 2010. I would have never, ever picked this restaurant based on it's name. I do not eat steak, nor will I ever eat steak, but my friend wanted to go so I agreed since there were non-steak items on the Restaurant Week menu. I'm so happy we did! For the first course, I debated between the crispy shrimp and the chopped salad and based on the waiters recommendation, I ordered the chopped salad with avocado, crispy vegetables and parmesan. Loved the huge chunks of avocado in it! For the second course, I ordered the tortelli (a version of tortellini). It was the perfect size, not too big, not too small. Enough for one person. It was delicious! It was stuffed with artichoke and cheese and was heavenly. I wish I had the recipe so I could attempt to make it at home. The dessert of Peanut Butter Cup was equally delicious. It's not what you'd expect it to be: it's smooth and creamy with a hint of chocolate, but it's damn good! I was so full from my meal and couldn't finish all of it so I asked the waiter to scoop it out into a to-go box for me and he laughed, but happily packed it up. I didn't wanna waste any of that peanut butter goodness! I'm so surprised in Modern Steak. I'm glad I gave it a chance, despite it's namesake. I'll definitely go back and tell all my friends about it too.
Went here for lunch a couple weeks back and told myself I would write a review...i completely forgot! :( But today I drove by it and it reminded me to write a review. First thing is...Value.....You get a ton of food....for basically nothing....they have daily specials that are always good but their burritos that can stuff a horse are like 3$....Be warned however that they dont tell you this....so when you order a burrito and 3 tacos because you think it cant be much food due to the low price......you'll know. I got a burrito with pork and it was delicious...too many beans for me but thats easily correctable next time....by time I got half way...I knew there was no way I was getting to taste the "famous fish tacos" if I kept going. So I stopped with the burrito and moved on to the fish tacos....yum...they were very good....I still prefer the burritos..but as a lighter meal you can do the tacos and be very full and very happy. Again...beans were a bit much but Ill just ask for light beans next time. They also make these flavored lemonade slushis there that are pretty tasty. All in all a very friendly place with friendly owners who live up to the name of the place and they make great food for VERY affordable prices. When I was there they were Cash Only...I dont know if that has changed...but bring cash just in case.
Was I there on a bad day or what?  I showed up 15 minutes after they opened and EVERY item I tried was either luke warm or cold.    They have 15+ items on the lunch buffet and I tried a bite of all of them.   Gross and bland.   I felt sick to my stomach after I left because I kept thinking how bad the food was. Yuck!
I had never been to Dominick's and I like trying new restaurants so I was excited to check it out.  We had a reservation for 8 pm on Saturday night and when we showed up the restaurant was busy.  It definitely is catering to those that want to be seen and show off what they have.  As we were walking up they had 6-7 of your finest vehicles backed in right next to the front door.Calling it a front door is a little misleading however.  I found it interesting for such a nice restaurant to have a revolving door as there entrance.  Once inside the door you are greeted by what is a darkened "Liberace" type decor.  Think big chandeliers and crushed velvet.  We were seated promptly for our 8 pm reservation.Top line the food was mediocre.  We between the 4 of us we ordered the  Scallops, Halibut, and the Ribeye as our entrees.  For our sides we ordered the potatoes, gnocchi, and creamed corn as our sides.  The main issue that we all had with the food was that it was very salty.  At one point my buddy across the table asked me " does yours taste really salty?". I answered yes and everybody else chimed in that theirs was quite salty as well.  I don't know if the chef was having a bad night but if not he needs to pump the brakes on his salt usage!Finally this place isn't the cheapest place.  I am not one to complain about prices and I eat at fine dining restaurants on a weekly basis as part of my job.  Our bill for the 4 of us was $500.  We did have a couple drinks a piece but the price we paid did not match the quality of food we received.My advice is to check out the bar for a few drinks and enjoy the people watching.  Think Phoenix Open.  Otherwise if you are looking for a good steakhouse head across the street to Ocean Club.
A friend of mine in Ahwatukee is very annoyed that I've become snobby about moving downtown (I deny this, for the record) and never go out anymore in Tukee where we were once neighbors. Tanked Fish to the rescue! I will now drive the irritating 15+ miles out of my way to eat here on a weeknight, whenever he can break free from his wife and two cute little kids (he wouldn't approve of the way I word that, for the record). I'm concerned that the high ratings this place has gotten so far will lead to false expectations. I love Tanked Fish for two very simple reasons: I always have a great time, and I always stuff my face with sushi until I can eat no more. One night we came here, ate more sushi than we needed to, had a large beer or two, and the bill for all of this... two of us... came to TWENTY SIX DOLLARS. I'm sorry folks but there are very few places on earth where this is possible. [Note: This was during a weeknight happy hour special]A snooty sushi connaisseur would probably tell you that something is wrong with the quality of the sushi. I can't. It tastes good. It has some large tables and would be a great place to bring a large group (6-8 people). As for the vibe of the place, although it has some nice trendy decor it's still more of a neighborhood bar than a destination unto itself, I would say. So don't walk into here expecting Ahwatukee's answer to Nobu (and then whine about it on Yelp and complain that Phoenix is not as cool as, say, Chicago). If your needs are very simple, and they are to stuff your face with sushi and have a good time shootin' the breeze with your buds, Tanked Fish will meet them.
Was here on a Saturday afternoon.  WOW, the place was popping!!!  It is bright, colorful, and clean.  The menu is on the wall.  There are so many things on it.  I settled with a Thai Iced Tea Slush + boba.  The bobas were soft and a good texture.  I am interested to try the other items on the menu.
I am a BIG fan of chicken and waffles and I will try it just about anywhere it is served.  I especially love it in the morning; when everyone else is ordering a light breakfast, expect me to go for the fried chicken.Lo-Lo's was just alright for me.  I liked the chicken, but I was not fond of the waffles.  They were a little too... thin?  Light?  I dunno how to describe it, but I like my chicken AND my waffles to have a little crunch.  And there was kind of an interesting taste to the waffles.  I can't put my finger on the flavor.I liked the atmosphere okay, but I probably won't be back.I know Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe is not for everyone, but honestly I prefer the feel there.  It feels less "affected" by its customers, I guess.  For some reason I am finding it hard to come up with the words here, but Lo Lo's feels like it is the more popular cousin of Mrs. White's... you know... the one with the Letter in Football.Anyway, I am glad Lo-Lo's is thriving...  Maybe I will try the Scottsdale location sometime to see if they have a different spin on things.
1 word. PIE!!!!they have really good pies here, traditional, and some not so traditional...but still really good. food is ok. nothing that will blow your socks off. i find it better in my freezer section then in the restaurant. pot pie is pretty good too
On my little trip around the city I drove over to Sweet Pea. Very cute store and great personable staff.Nice selection to baked goods and great taste.What nice find in the downtown area. I've got Wicked Bakery up north and Sweet Pea downtown... North and South is covered for those sudden cravings... now time to find something on the on West and East sides of the city.
Mi Patio is a solid 3 star restaurant. Some days the food tastes better than others. And some days the entertainment value is better than others. But it's not a chain, it's within walking distance and has very affordable margaritas.There's no bike rack (ugh) and the taquitos are basically a carne asada taco with no toppings (which I happen to like).
I'm no regular here, but on occasion I get a craving for an Iced Mocha that tastes like chocolate milk. Tully's has that down. That's the only thing I've ever ordered here (I go elsewhere for my usual espresso needs), so I can't speak on the rest of their drinks. But, I don't imagine the rest of their drinks being bad; their Iced Mochas are very enjoyable.The service can be spotty. There are a couple ladies that work there that are sweet and take good care of the customers. But I've also encountered a couple of employees that aren't friendly and/or are super slow. Whatever; Tully's isn't my usual haunt. But it's good for what it is: fast-food-coffee.
Bye bye Phoenix Houston's, hello Phoenix Hillstone!I've been a huge fan of Houston's for years, and had mixed emotions when I heard that they were closing the Phoenix location and opening just down the street under their parent company name, Hillstone.  But after one visit, I'm sold... Hillstone has the same favorite dishes that Houston's had (spinach dip, grilled artichoke, veggie burger, fresh vegetable sides, fries, desserts, etc...) and they have a huge wine list as well.  Service is attentive and sweet (thanks McKenna who was our waitress last night).  Thanks also for going above and beyond and creating rootbeer floats for our table upon request!The Hillstone group did a fabulous job building this new restaurant - it's got a great outdoor seating area, a huge bar, an awesome wine cellar, and comfy booths inside as well.If you still want the old name (Houston's), the location in Scottsdale / Hilton Village is still open, but I highly recommend checking out Hillstone to change it up just a bit.Welcome to Phoenix, Hillstone, and yay for me... first to review!
I just thought I'd post an update.  I planned never to go back, but was with a friend who really wanted one of their breakfast items.  I skipped ordering ANY food whatsoever and merely ordered coffee and watched her eat.  As fate would have it, she had a BACK HAIR in her scrambled eggs (we are 2 for 2 now).  My gag reflex is going off as I type this.  My husband, friends, and I have renamed this place the Black Hair Diner, and we've decided they have actual black bears cooking in the kitchen, since they can't seem to keep black hairs out of their food.
-Inexpensive produce.-Fresh sausage and other meats.-$2.99 freshly made to order sanwiches.-Decent prices, cheaper than Whole Foods.-Parking is convenient.-Employees in the produce dept not so friendly. -Cashiers are usually friendly.
Looove this place!  I loved the sexy, yet simple atmosphere.  I felt as though the air was cleaner somehow just walking inside.Let me first say that Happy Hour prices were outstanding!  I have to admit, I think my favorite Happy Hour spot, StingRay, has just been outdone!The food was delicious!  All of it!  ALL...OF...IT!  From the cucumber salad to their famous appetizer, the mustard leaf wrap, it is flavorful and fresh.The service was pretty good, but there was some confusion I think more than once, so it delayed the service a bit.  When I have to stop and say, "Hey, where's my [fill in the blank], I know the service is lacking, although I would say not enough to keep me away!I was really, really happy when I left here, might have been my company, but we all loved it so that is what mattered!
I'm not sure if Safeway is a national thing (let's just say I've never seen one of these babies in Manhattan), but it's definitely needed in Phoenix and Tucson.I would drive around the city, looking at all the strip malls and low-end manicure chop shops and wonder, "Where the hell do people go grocery shopping?" And while Trader Joe's is GREAT, I'd be hard-pressed to do all of my shopping there.So thank God for Safeway, right? Although Safeway is generally a little more expensive than other grocery stores, you can pretty much get anything you need there. This particular location was so clean it was beaming! Or was that just me?It had everything you'd expect from a Safeway--from a lovely floral department to a mini-Starbucks to a sizeable deli counter.Yay for Safeway and chain shopping!
We came to Half Moon Sports Grill to watch the UFC Fight. It's a nice big place, yet we had to get there early since it filled up quick. The place is fun, the girls wear short skirts and knee socks. They have a full list of local beers in bottles and on draft. They boast a monthly special, which July's is a burger for 1/2 price if you buy a drink. That's almost $4.50 for a giant burger with fries. Unfortunately I was full from lunch and did some light snacking with my beer drinking. First up, I wanted the Watermelon Wheat - Perfect for any hot Arizona day (which is most of them) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#MrdXI7O_NSKVvqgGTcIYOAThen, the Dirty Guera Blonde Ale, because I love blonde ales and cute names. It was great and encouraged us to visit Nimbus the next day! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#5nzmTTMOmGj_sVIxkTM51QIn between, we ordered a couple appetizers, a gigantic pretzel that was served with both queso and mustard. I love to dipp! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#lMQuuVAuKQAL-RKfEYkPWg And my guy ordered the Prime Rib Sliders (4) served with carmalized onions, french dip sauce and horseradish. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#seP7cR-l6f3xjnJtzFQIxA That was a meal in itself, really. For Dessert, I ordered the White Chocolate Ale which was by far the most dessert tasting beers I have ever tried. It was so much like a sweet white chcolate, you really need to savor every sip. If you see this anywhere, order it and thank me later. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#1jzaMBgdEa9YyVasa8rukQAfter all that, I needed a couple sugar free Red Bulls to snap myself back in action. We had a fight to watch and I was not going to be the first to TAP OUT.
Chino Bandido is a staple for my sister and I. I'm not going to lie, when describing this place I feel the need to mention that while it's not much to look at on the outside--inside it delivers some of my favorite guilty pleasures.I encourage anyone who is trying this place for the first time to take a few minutes and allow the staff to guide you thru what they have to offer. With their complimentary taste test , you can try a few of their most popular dishes and learn how to order off of their moderately challenging menu (but once you get it, its super easy). I ALWAYS go for the combination of double jade red chicken, refried beans, and plain fried rice.The snickerdoodle at the end is perfectly baked. Every time. Love this place.
Only went to the downstairs bar, but cannot wait to return!  Very cool with the rock and copper features and leather couches.  We sat at the bar and were served drinks that you pour yourself.  Is this a new trend?  He gave us little glass bottles of tonic and coke with little spoons to stir our drinks with.  Those little spoons were so cute I was almost tempted to put them in my purse.  If another couple hadn't been hogging the fireplace the whole time, we would have sat there.  Maybe next time.  We'll try to food too.
I'm a pho snob, my hitlist is impressive. In Olympia, I ate pho literally every single day. Test me, wannabe purists...Nam Sao is the best. The guy always working and seeming to make the food is so quick and super sweet. Great service, my drink never goes empty, and the table is set in traditional pho-joint style: a metal caddy with spoons, forks [...], chopsticks, napkins, and all the delicious condiments.The menu is enormous, so if you happen to be in the mood for something other than their glorious, never-watered-down noodle soup, you can try something else. The spring rolls, I love them. The boba tea is great too, I've had it thicker and more rich at Pho Hoa in Oly but I like the less creamy variety served at Nam Sao. Fast service, cheap filling meal, wonderful server.. I literally cannot think of anything bad to say about Nam Sao, except it's so small it's kind of hard to find if you're new to the spot. Just go to the right of Fry's and you'll see this little piece of heaven with its lights on, welcoming you in.
So I started getting a cold yesterday and wanted some more soup it was late already 8pm so hunny went off on the search for soup since it was Mothers Day n' all. He ended up at Manuels dont ask me why!! Our white neighbor loves eating here, he had heard from somewhere or someone that they had the best albondiga (meatball) soup?! Well it was wayyy tooo salty other than that it was ok kinda spicey not too hot though. I don't eat meat but the kid liked the meatballs it looked like they had rice in them anh herbs too who'd a thunk. Chips were a tad too greasy and the salsa wasn't too bad good heat, beans were good rice was alright. If it is necessary and in a pinch again I'd go again but prob not.
I'm a little shocked how high this place is rated, to be honest.  I'm not disappointed easily, but I've given this place three chances to impress and they've consistently disappointed.   I live nearby and was very excited for a new, trendy place to eat & drink. The first time we went there, we sat at the "outside" bar. The male bartender was not personable at all-he was actually quite rude. When I politely asked him if he knew the price of a liquor off the top of his head (and not to worry about it if he didn't, I was just curious), he snottily replied with, "well, there's not a button for it so I don't know." He then rolled his eyes and walked away. I was astounded at how rude he was but shrugged it off. I actually felt bad because I thought somehow I offended or embarrassed him because he didn't know the price of this particular liquor, so I apologized to him, and he proceeded to made another smart comment about how he charged me the well price but that the next time I come in it might be much higher, again being very snotty and rude. My boyfriend was actually pretty upset at the way he spoke to me but chose to let it go because we just aren't the type if people to be confrontational or to complain.  After our meal and about an hour before close, he told us he was leaving and that another girl would be taking care of us. When she showed up all she did was clean the bar in preparation to close (even though that wasn't for another hour) and didn't even introduce herself or say hello. I waited for her to notice that my boyfriend's Blue Moon was empty but she was too busy cleaning so I asked her myself. She asked me what beer he was drinking, I told her, then watched her pour the wrong beer and give it to me as if I wouldn't notice. (Not all alcohol is available at that side of the bar. For instance Blue Moon and the liquor I was drinking are stored at the main bar, another point of annoyance for the original, rude male bartender. But how is that my fault? I didn't know that.  And clearly this girl didn't feel like going to the other bar to pour the correct beer for my boyfriend, even though she specifically asked me which beer he was drinking and then lazily poured whatever wheat beer they had in tap at the bar we were sitting at.) That was the "straw that broke the camel's back" for me. We paid out and went to Darcy McGees (in the same shopping center) where the staff are always pleasant and helpful.We have since given the Lion two more tries but been severely disappointed with the service. The food is excellent- but just cannot make up for the terrible service. The second time we tried this place we sat at the main bar (as to not inconvenience the bartender at the outside bar), and all of the bartenders were too busy talking amongst themselves to notice that both of us were empty on drinks and hungry with no menus offered to us. I'm sorry to say that we won't be giving this place another shot.
Let me first start off by saying I was skeptical.  I had no idea what to expect and after reading a ton of reviews, we thought we would give it a shot. Located in an old converted home in Heritage Park right across from Pizzeria Bianco the place is small and intimate and just an experience in and of itself.Now for the food.  Where do I begin?  Tapas (small plates) style, and community (share) the experience is in ordering from each section of the menu.We started with the Kimci and Nasu.  The Kimci is a Napa cabbage cold plate that will rock your world; a little sweet, a little spicy it was a great way to start.  The Nasu is an eggplant with a bacon marinade of sorts on top and while I am describing it poorly it was truly delishous.  Amazing!!Next was the Yellowtail Ceviche.  This WAS OUT OF THIS F'ING WORLD.  Inexplicable but so, SO GOOD.  Next was 2 off the menu plates, chicken and Wagyu beef short ribs.  The ONLY REASON this place does not get 5 stars is 2 of the 3 different types of chicken were mediocre.  The wasabi grilled chicken was pure wasabi on grilled chicken.  The 2nd was a panko fried chicken, which was moist and delishous but nothing amazing, HOWEVER the 3rd chicken was an orange peel fried chicken that way just so good beyond words.Lastly, the Wagyu beef short ribs were so so so amazing, I mean, I never wanted the taste to leave my mouth.The service, very good Juan (our server) was very attentive and very helpful as it was our first time there...but it most definitely will not be our last...oh and THEY VALIDATE FOR PARKING ;)
The quintessential Brewery with a wholly fantastic kitchen. Best spinach artichoke dip in the valley, period. From fried to gourmet Four Peaks has it all. Beerbread sandwiches are always excellent, fish and chips, bavarian pretzels, french fries, daily specials, I really haven't had an item that I didn't like! The weather is perfect right now for a sunny patio lunch or fresh air dinner. Let's not forget the beer. My favorites are the Oatmeal Stout or the Peach. Their peach beer is legendary with low sweetness and a crisp refreshing taste. If you think cider is too sweet but like fruity flavor, this is your beer. The oatmeal stout is thick and hearty with no bitterness. Seasonal beers abound, pumpkin porter in the fall, I've seen an orange blossom, belgian white, barleywine, etc.Parking close can be a challenge on weekend nights, best to ride your bike if you're close enough. http://www.fourpeaks.com for a complete menu.Just go there already!
Lack-lusterI have been disappointed the two times I have visited Houston's.  Their veggie burger is soggy and grainy at the same time (I am not sure how they managed that)...not an appealing taste.  Their "famed" baked potato was dry and was nothing out of the ordinary.  Frankly, I could have made something better for myself and saved the money.  The redeeming factor was that the service was decent and the restaurant was semi-attractively decorated.  Overall I would not come back unless I have to (aka my friends drag me along)*** Was informed by a fellow yelper that the place re-opened down the block under a different name, HillstoneI hope the new name was followed by a new menu.
Love fondue? If so you've probably already tried one Melting Pot or another. I've been to my share, but this was my first time to this one just tonight. They've only been open two weeks - and they are off to a GOOD start! We had great service - very helpful and attentive, but not up in your face and of course, I love the food. Yeah, so it is obviously a chain and some people don't like it for that reason, but I think as far as chains go they do a nice job and the food and presentation is quality.Sure, it isn't cheap...but it's not that kind of place. It's the kind of place you go when you are not in a rush and expect to pay more for the whole experience. It's a good place to go and linger over the food and conversation. We usually get : cheese - tonight we tried the special one, but I typically recommend the Wisconsin Trio, house salads or whatever the special salad is, the vegetarian entree, the extra veggies they give you and a dessert - tonight we did the S'mores. It was all tasty as usual, the service was really excellent and the atmosphere at this location is nice and quiet. It's in a random little strip mall-like place so not too many people know about it yet.
In response to a recent thread about Boba drinks in CenPho, I said that Rainbow served at least 1 flavor- chai- which my husband found to be "just ok." When Hubby asked me this morning if I wanted to "taste the Rainbow" for breakfast, I asked him to check on the Boba situation. It turns out that Rainbow listened, and they now will add Boba to any of their drinks. The woman behind the counter said you can call ahead so you don't have to wait. Hubby's vanilla and my strawberry frap that he brought home today were still "just ok." The donuts are still really good, and they finally have some stable hours, 4 am to 8 pm.
Coming into the Phoenix area for a family party, we stopped off at Los Sombreros for some margaritas and Mexican on an otherwise cooler night in the valley of the sun. I was told they are very picky about reservations and, if your party isn't complete, no table. So our 6pm reservation was now in jeopardy because the last two of us (me and my fiance) were running late due to issues on the ramp at Sky Harbor airport, obviously out of our control. But they still didn't want to seat us...  additionally, I overhead on the way to the place that they would only "try" to do their best to accommodate our party, making it sound like they were booked up solid until closing....typical Scottsdale always trying to look more happening and hot than it really is. Moving on, we somehow "lucked out" (go figure) and had a table no problem, so all the stress caused by the hostess was unnecessary and, in my opinion, pretty unprofessional, especially since the restaurant was empty by 8pm, again, typical Scottsdale. The menu was brief, and I almost had to double check I wasn't looking at an appetizer. Most of the items are typical Mexican staples with a bit of a Southwestern American twist to them making the food a hit or miss if you ask me, some items were good, some were not. But that's really anywhere I suppose. The one thing that stood out for me was the Guac. I will say this was flat out delicious but Guac is pretty had to screw up. The margaritas in my opinion reminded me of something you'd get more at Chilis, a little too sweet for my liking but definitely drinkable. The fundidto appetizer we ordered left the table empty twice and well I'm not really one to combine seafood and cheese, this blend seemed to have a harmony with others and I'd recommend it to a first timer, +1 if you request to add spinach. Finally moving on to the entrees, different contraptions from the kitchen filled our table with vibrant colors, assortments and sizes. I myself ordered what I was told is sort of the house specialty ,call it carnitas mixed in a chipotle sauce with veggies type of deal. While it was tasteful and was more than enough to get the job done for me, the flavor of the pork wasn't really there, at, all. I browsed over a couple other reviews and noted the same complaint but hey that's what hot sauce is for I guess. Overall it's an alternative to the chains hoarding Scottsdale road.
This should be called a speakeasy coffee shop. Why? Because you really have to be told about it to really know it's there! The shop has minimal signage on the exterior and it's housed within a urban multi-use warehouse on Roosevelt with different vendors and an art space. I can only imagine how cool this building must be to visit during First Fridays! Once inside, I was pretty surprised that the coffee shop is more spacious than I would have figured. It's pretty sparse inside, but there were plenty of seats to do some work or have a meeting. The coffee here is strong and delicious. After drinking my non-fat iced latte, I had to refrain myself from bouncing off the walls! It's definitely coffee with a kick if you need a wake-up call. This coffee shop definitely exudes the epitome of cool and I will definitely keep it on my list for a caffeinated visit in the future.
I love this Gelato! My favorite combination is the panna cotta with the mint chocolate chip. Weird but wonderful. I am rarely down this way, especially since I've moved, but I still fantasize about digging in to this deliciousness!  I only ever had great service, and fantastic product here. So far it is the best Gelato I've had, although I hear Arlecchino's is pretty fantastic as well. I miss visiting Angel Sweet, I will have to go back soon.
I love Pizza-A-Metro and so does Joe Arpaio. I am quite certain it is the only thing we have in common.This is where I take my foodie friends because they are usually so busy eating they shut up for a while. (I kid, I kid...) I have never had anything here that I don't find super delicious and crave-worthy. The first time I went here my party was personally doted on by Maurizio, who was over-the-top gracious and seemed to truly love what he was doing.  While I don't see him every time I am here, the service never suffers.The calamari is crisp and light, which is a nice change from heavy, fried calamari that is so ubiquitous in too many Italian joints. Hands down my favorite item on the menu is the Frescolina. The combination of the arugula and prosciutto makes my mouth water even thinking about it!So next time you are at Pizza-A-Metro, my advice is don't loudly discuss if the portly man next to you is Joe Arpaio. Don't look him up on your Blackberry and pass the photo around to get the opinion of your fellow diners. Don't bring up that his mother died in childbirth, and how that potentially explains a great deal of the man's 'politics.' No matter how much wine you have had, do not forget how small this restaurant is. Because in the end, after he and his bodyguards leave, the server will tell you- Yeah. That was him.
Upon our overnight stay at Econolodge a few blocks down, the live lit sign along side of the street attracted me to try this restaurant.  I remember the menu vaguely, however did not forget the amazing breakfast special the other half and I ordered.  $6 for a plate of thick cut bacon, 2 eggs made your way, hash browns, and toast (white/wheat/rye, etc.)  Customer service was great, the hostess and waitress made us feel very comfortable!
I will have to disagree with many of the previous writers here.  I have been to Michael Minna in San Francisco, which is way more famous and crowded but this one is better.  Let's begin with something that impressed me.  When my partner and I sat down, someone came over and immediately handed her a black cloth napkin.  Sounds simple, but it's nice when you have nice black pants on and don't want white crap all over them.  Second, the food was great.  The duck fries were really good (and free)... I had a great corn chowder with cilantro and a small grilled cheese sandwich which was perfect. (I never eat those). My main course was a skirt steak in a fantastic sauce.  My dessert was beignets and creme brulee.  The beignets were great and the creme brulee was good.  (My gf makes it much better)...we each had two drinks, a pear martini which was excellent and an even better white cosmo.  All in all, the food was tasty and the appearance of the place was nice and swanky.  It's about time Scottsdale started opening restaurants that can compete with S.F. and NY.
Is it illegal to have good Chinese good in Arizona?  We went tonight having high hopes of having high quality, fresh Chinese food and we were sorely disappointed.:(We opened our take out bag and the white rice had been left off of the order...we were going to give them a pass for that...but on the flavor issue...there are no excuses...The Peeking Dumplings were wilted and flavorless.  The sauce that went with them could not revive them.  The Chinese mustard was in little packets and had no heat...Viagra needed:(!The Mongolian Beef was so salty it tasted processed.The snap peas were stringy and overcooked.The General Chow's Chicken...it tasted old like it was off an all you can eat buffet.Honestly...Panda Express is better...as least you know what to expect in a mall food court.It wasn't cheap...and I'm not a food volume person but the portions were small...I was fine with it because who would want more of this plate of shame!I hope they can get there act together...but I fear the owner may be in over his head...Isn't there a Chinese Chef in town who needs  a job!
Oh.  Mah.  Gawd.Let me get this out of the way.. the ONLY reason I'm dumping a star on America's Taco Shop is because they charge extra for chips and salsa.  I HATE that.  Charge me if I ask for extra salsa or something, but otherwise, come on.  Now.  Said chips?  Perfect.  Salsa?  Perfecter.  My taco?  Made me cry a little bit.  I am picky about corn tortillas, but these were brilliant.Go to America's Taco Shop.  I will see you there.
Found this place through Yelp and a Yelping buddy so there you have it...the power of Yelp because we absolutely LOVED this place.  Tucked into a neighborhood you have a very cozy, eclectic little joint.  From the start to the end we received extremely friendly service. We of course tried the foods suggested in previous reviews and by the server.  The pasta fries were unique, light and paired with great tasting sauces.  A definite dish you have to try.  We also tried the figs stuffed with chorizo.  Also very good & savory.  But the ABSOLUTE FAVORITE of the night were the chicken and waffles!  My gosh is this the dish to come to the Tuck Shop for.  The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.  The waffles were served with a butter that seemed to be whipped with possibly honey and the syrup was just the right sweet.  All the flavors seemed to work with just the right amount of sweet and savory.  The grilled fresh green beans were the perfect side.  I think I would get this dish over and over and over again.  Then I would go back and get it again.  Great place we will frequent often.  P.S. They make their own tonic.  Yep, their own tonic.  GREAT tasting!  Try it with the vodka they serve (haven't heard of it before but was very pleased).
Red Velvet, CheckParking, Valet for Free, CheckRatpack ghosts, CheckFun People, CheckStrong, yet good drinks, CheckGood happy hour place, CheckBeen Around for Ever & Deserves it Rep, Check
Pretty damn nice!I made reservations for the Compass via OpenTable and upon arrival, i was greeted by first name.  We were seated promptly and thank God I didn't pre-drink too much because the restaurant spins at a pretty steady pace.  It's a great concept and for all the theatrics, the cost of the meals were very reasonable.  I had salmon and opted for polenta with my meal instead of mashed potatoes and I'm glad to see that both grits and polenta were mainstays on their list of sides.  The only miss for me was the chili cornbread which I didn't find to be that great, although my comrades seemed to like it.  Service was prompt and consistent and I must say I enjoyed my meal and the whole spinning experience.
If you haven't been to this place - go! Seriously. It's amazing. It's the best little hole-in-a-rundown-strip-mall you can find. And it's cheap!Nestled between stores like Big Lots and some electronic place with Mexican ranchero music blasting, this tiny place is hidden in the corner. The owner is from El Salvador, so don't expect it to be Mexican food -- there are many similarities, but the dishes themselves are different.Walking in, you can smell the homemade pupusas -- seriously, it smells like the roadside stands along the bus routes in central America. It's amazing. There are only a couple waitresses, and I don't think they speak much English, but the menu is in pictures, as well as in Spanish and some English, so you should do just fine.Get the pupusas - they're like thick, hand-made tortillas stuffed with either pork, cheese and beans or, my favorite, cheese and loraco flower, which is some green and edible plant that tastes a bit like asparagus, to me. It's definitely the best one. These things come with salsa and some coleslaw (if they don't, just ask for the salsa) and are very filling!The other dishes are really good, too. For a low price, you can get an entire plate of things like meat with rice and beans - and this place doesn't skimp on the fixin's. They put slices of fresh tomatoes, avocado and all kinds of other stuff on the plates.I honestly LOVE it here. If you want to avoid the crowds, come at an off-hour... then you can just sit, relax and watch the telenovela on the TV in the corner. For dessert, pick up a piece of the cheese pie near the cash register.I can't recommend this place enough!
Went to Pho Avina (which I could easily recommend to anyone) a few weeks ago with my 2nd dad and he spies the Korean BBQ place (note their signage all says Korean BBQ and not Chuhgajib) and he grabs a menu and we make note to ourselves to check it out (of course, not until after I checked out the other reviews on Yelp)So we head there for lunch today.Now, I know this about Korean food...I ate kimchi made by the mother of one of my daughters friends and it was good. Beyond that, I know that when I flip on LPGA on television to watch the hottee Paula Creamer, some Korean chick is depriving her of a victory and I am none too pleased but it does appear that they understand food...but I digress.Lunch specials $ 4.95 - OK...I'm suspicious. Includes 3 pieces of california roll, salad, rice, vegetable and entree. Too cheap. We order gyoza and egg roll appetizers. Evidently gyoza in Korean restaurant is different than Chinese restaurant but is scrumptious nonetheless. Egg rolls more typical to my expectations and very tasty - I'm optimistic. Tea is in big weird cup with no handle and waaay too hot to actually pick up but tea bag says Liptons...I'm still suspicious.Salad, underwhelming but I am impressed with silver chopsticks that work well for me.Comes the lunch platter...- California Rolls, AOK - big mound of white rice, perfect- pickled vegables, tasty and interesting- sweet/sour vegetables, tasty and interesting...wishing someone could tell me what it was I was eating but hey, it's all good.- meat (I had bbq pork but forget the name) mildly spiced, nice, a little dry but that may have been intentional...my knowledge of Korean clearly fails me here. 2nd dad got bbq beef and it was very tasty, not spicy, much more moist.We left stuffed, happy amazed that lunch could be so good and so cheap.Place was packed and it's obvious why. Inexpensive, tasty, no disappointments and very clean.Woman who ran the restaurant wears sneakers and reminded me of a track star because she handled a packed restaurant but hardly seemed to work up a sweat and handled a bunch of to go orders as well.I have to say...49th Avenue and Thunderbird, two excellent Asian restaurants practically side by side and you can't go wrong at either place.You can gorge yourself for $10 here. You could drink water and have a $6 lunch that puts a Big Mac to shame.
Whoa! This is the kind of laid back, homegrown, down right delicious place I expect to find in Seattle - not Phoenix! What an awesome surprise. Came here for brunch on Sunday and was so impressed that I can say I will make it a point to come back! All the breads and desserts are made in house and I was told everything is made with fresh local ingredients when possible.The atmosphere is great. We sat outside and it was nice with prompt service, casual vibe that reminded me of Seattle or Portland, and the FOOD.... Wowie.There were three of us... all three did omelette's of different kinds. I recommend the Local Breeze, sans prosciutto. So good! You can get potatoes or spicy cottage cheese as a side - I went with the cottage cheese and it was delish. The bread is also amazing. Nice thick slices for the toast. Best whole wheat bread I've ever had in Phoenix.Speaking of the bread - they have a killer menu of different french toast options. If I had not been on carb restriction, I would have had one for sure. NEXT TIME. The PB&J and the Nutella sound especially good. Our friend got a half order and it looked terrific. I cannot stress how good everything was. But I can only give them 4 stars and not 5 because the coffee was really bad. A good brunch should have good coffee to go with. I will be back for brunch for sure and would also like to give them a try for dinner or lunch sometime. Give this place a shot in downtown Phoenix!
Corporate... Juice... PIMPS!!! I lurve me some corporate pimp juice! I've been a fan of Jamba's juices for quite a few years... but over time, I had forgotten about the joys of Jamba until my sister (Reylynne W.) We went and I got something with oranges and strawberries in it... i unno what it had... but damnit it was good! :) Nice, clean and fresh, I loved every thick sip. :)
I'll put it this way -- this place is not worth $55 for lunch for two.Two burgers, an order of fries, a Manhattan ($10), a beer = $55 with tip. Nice little spot, but hard to justify the cost.The burgers were decent but not rave-worthy, the glass seemed underfilled with the Manhattan - though what was there was tasty.If you like over-spending, this place is good. If you're more value oriented, skip it.
This cute little neighborhood breakfast/lunch spot just opened up, and is the sister restaurant to Tuck Shop.  The menu is small with super reasonable prices!!  Not much in the way of vegan fare, but I managed to find a tasty dish: The Red Flannel Hash (beet, potato and root vegetable hash sans eggs).  It was very tasty and had a nice amount of black pepper in it.  I also ordered a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice for a grand total $8 and change.  Not too shabby for brekky.  My dining cohorts ordered a frittata topped with sour cream and chives, a Portuguese doughnut and biscuits stuffed with some kind of meat (I forget the name of this dish) and were equally pleased with their meal.Not sure about parking, as we walked over (so awesome!) from their house.  This is a quaint little gem with indoor and outdoor seating.  They also have booze, so you can add a little pizazz to your wake up call.  Great place, can't wait to come back!
Wow, this was one of the best dinners I have had in a long time. I definitely have my favorite spots but it is rare that I have an entree that knocks my socks off. For me, this was the gnocchi dish with the shitake dijon cream sauce. My husband was surprised that I ordered this, since I don't like mushrooms, and luckily for me, the extent of the mushrooms were some medium ones in the sauce. The gnocchi were very tender and the sauce was rich and creamy. I felt like I was eating a delicious mac & cheese with some soft foccaccia bread. OMG. We also ordered the porteguese style mussels that were a fave of my husband's. They were just okay to me but overall, were decent. We also ordered the chorizo and manchego risotto that I really liked. We each had a glass of wine. Our server was kind enough to let me sample the prosecco before I ordered it. Good thing I did because I didn't like it. The server asked what kind of wine I liked and then brought me a taste of their white blend which I enjoyed. Overall, before tip, our bill was $50. Very reasonable for three plates and two glasses of wine. This place is extremely small inside with 4-6 small table inside and 3-4 tables on their patio. There were two servers and on a busy Fri night, service was slow. But they were very nice and apologetic, so I gave them a break. I noticed the kitchen staff worked extremely efficiently which is a plus for such a small space. I was very impressed. I cannot WAIT to come back here as there were several plates that looked amazing.
Sushi is not just a meal, it's an experience...Everything from the way fish looks to the crisp green of the seaweed is art.  The smell of the sake and the sound of crisp sizzle on the grill create an environment conducive to stretching the palette.  Yasu's does this like no other sushi place...The fish is pristine, the rice like air, and the flavors intense and varied.  My wife and I live a stone's throw from this place you would never see it if you didn't know it was there.  It's like a little secret that is starting to get out...All I can say is that it is hands down the BEST sushi in Phoenix, period.  Get the fried oyster rolls, get the grilled mackerel or trout...just try it!
The Vig Uptown is on my list of very favorite places to go in PHX! I'll keep this one simple: great food and awesome atmosphere that's chill, not pretentious, but still super cool keeps me coming back to The Vig Uptown.Sweet Central Phoenix vibe and location. I like it that this place is close enough to the Central corridor but also close enough if I'm headed over from Scottsdale or other PHX hoods. Happy hour is a great deal with half off all appetizers, 5 dollars for any burger and fries on Mondays after 4pm to close, and a stellar menu of comfort food that's still inventive. I adore the wings aka "vings," the artichoke dip, the salads, the burgers, sweet potato fries,and anything I've ever tried here. Other good things: nice patio area that's really indoors for hot PHX days, fireplace area, a bocce ball court, the fact that it's in a repurposed 1950s bank building with a retro feel, and the Vig Rig: on weekends they will pick up/drive home if you want to drink a bit!Only knocked them a star because: sometimes the service falls off when they're busy - I've waited way too long more than once just for a salad, etc. If it was only once or twice I wouldn't have knocked them a star...but they're usually busy and the service usually isn't very good. If they can fix that a bit, 5 stars for sure.
I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in and saw that Country Market had a deli here. I picked up a roast beef sandwich and some potato salad. When I was eating it my friend said it sounded like I was having a mouth orgasm because I moaned after every bite! If  you live in the area and haven't been here yet try the sandwiches they're great.
2 stars for the drive through.  Everything else about this Starbucks leaves you wondering, "why don't you just get back in your car and drive down to the other Starbucks on Daisy Miuntain"...
4 stars for the place itself and it's food/coffee.0 stars for the service, or lack there of.  My business partner and I were in town for a convention.  We heard we should check out Lola.  So we did.  We were excited.  The lady (I use the term loosely here) who took our order was LESS than patient OR helpful.  We asked a few questions.  She barely answered us, then when we had to repeat the question she was nothing short of annoyed.  An example.  We asked where we could get a glass or cup of water.  She mumbled something about the bar/table.  My partner walked over and saw no cups.  She came back and asked where the cups were.  On the table came an exasperated retort.  I walked over to inspect for myself.  There were no cups on the table.  So I kindly asked her if the cups should be on the table, if so there appeared to be none.  She said they are on the table, but *sigh* I'll go check, but I know they're there!  10 seconds later she comes out of the kitchen with a tube of cups.  IMAGINE THAT the customer was right.  I watched this lady serve other customers.  It appears that regulars are treated with a smile and courtesy and patience.  Newcomers or people she doesn't like are treated worse than the dirt on the bottom of her shoes.My suggestion to management, adjust her attitude or get rid of her!  She is not good for business.
Very good noodle shop.  I got referred here on my second day in town by the folks at Fujiya.  They were right.  I went for lunch and I almost could have missed it, tucked away in a little corner in a shopping plaza.  But the outside appearance belied the cute interior. I am waiting for it to get cold out (or even mildly less than scorching) so I can go in for some Ramen!!  Real Ramen - nothing like it.  This trip I had Tempura and some cold noodles. - Good stuff.
I do love rum and should review the Rum Bar separately but both the Rum Bar and the Breadfruit restaurant are equally awesome! Great recommendations from the waiter... Brown Stew Chicken and Jerk Chicken are really good... really spicy on the jerk chicken but thats somewhat expected and perfect for me! I'll take my plantains baked over fried any day! SO GOOD! Really great place to go for not so typical food! The entire place is quite small in a perfect intimate way.  Their seems to be a lot of pride in the menu, environment and service, which is rare to see in restaurant employees. Not to mention a perfect location ... very walkable to other nearby bars and easy to make a whole night of downtown phoenix!
I like the lunch better than the breakfast at "First Watch", which is a bit ironic I suppose. Perhaps it should be named Second Watch?But on to what I do like...The "Not Guilty Your Honor" veggie wrap is good. It comes with a side of hummus, fruit and potatoes. Big meal!The "Burrito Vera Cruz" breakfast burrito was pretty good. The Vera Cruz sauce is a mixture of salsa and hollandaise. I've never had it before trying it here and it was actually pretty tasty!Mango iced tea is good! And they'll give you some to go if you ask!Somethin about the potatoes just doesn't cut it for me though... And as I mentioned earlier, the breakfast just isn't my favorite. I just don't dig their omelets much.Sign up for their email club to get a buy 1 get 1 free meal coupon.Note: If you're vegan, order the veggie wrap and substitute avocado for the feta cheese. Get a side of salsa too.
I don't get the hype, but then again I am not a regular. The beer selection is top notch, the sandwiches are worth the prices, the cheesecake really shouldn't be drowned in chocolate syrup but who cares, it really is a nice people watch place. I appreciate the well composed menu and not much more can be said. It has reliable service and sandwiches, hipsters and good beer. The lack of surprises make it a good place to take out of towners to see downtown and introduce people to First Fridays if you wanna brave potential waits, noise levels, and lack of parking on busy nights.
Four Peaks baby.  This spot is awesome.  Great place to meet up with a crowd, grub, and pound some craft brew.  The food is great: dope appetizers , rockin' burgers, decent pizza, and daily specials.  The beer is fantastic, hop knot being my fave.  They have happy hour everday from 3-7 and 10-close with dollar off beers, a light night menu, TV's, and a pool table.  I've gotten mashed here more than a few times.  Sunday brunch is killer, and may I suggest you try the Stout milkshake, a little known secret, but good for the sweet toof.  Don't miss out on the Peaks.
Eh, this place is okay.  I was not super impressed.  The food was okay.  I was not blown away.   After being seated, we sat at the table for a good 15 minutes without anyone noticing that no one had been to our table once.  We had to flag down a server.  Once we actually did have a server, the service was good.  I can forgive the glitch.  Everyone has a bad night.  But the food just lacked the wow factor.  Even though I have a twenty dollar gift certificate (to make up for the initial service issue) I have not been back.  I guess that about sums it up.
Really pulled a douche bag move by coming here at 9:45pm when they close at 10:00, but everything was closed except for fast food places, in which we didn't feel in the mood for. The hostess didn't give us any attitude and sat us...It was super dark, but had comfy booths. Andy was our waiter and he had such a great attitude, we apologized for coming in so late, but he assured us that we were fine. The salad was good, but kind of small, the buttery croissant that accompanied it, however is tasty. Hubs got porkchops and I got the chicken soup. Not bad, we ended up talking and laughing with Andy about the restaurant industry...too bad the bar was closed, I wanted to see if he wanted to drink with us.
4.5: The only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is the location. The view from the patio is pretty much parking lot and the backs of buildings. But, holy cow! The wine selection is VERY good. The staff are friendly and helpful and make excellent suggestions (thanks for the zinfandel tip! YUMMM). The prices are fair too!And, as much as I love green chile, my new fave is the fig and gorgonzola app. Still a pannini... I didn't know blue cheese could get that creamy when it melted!Man, I wish this place was closer... I'll still be back!
I'm a gelato purist, so Chill is right up my alley. You don't have a million flavor choices, but the ones they have are classics done right, so there is no need. The same lady is always working when I go, and she is very friendly and upbeat. They haven't yet perfected the multi-flavor ratio in one cup, but I'm sure that will improve, and I'm a huge fan of anything with a punch card. So far my favorite gelato spot in the Valley :)
Been going to Don and Charlie's for years now.  It's kind of a family tradition.  A sports hangout, you may see some players and coaches during the off season as Scottsdale is a big place for spring training.  (This delighted my single girlfriends who took every opportunity to flirt the entire time I visited with them).The bar is roomy and comfortable, with more than ample stools to accommodate my generous tush. Say hello to Shelley who is mi favorito bartender!  You are welcome to dine at the bar, but the dining room is much more comfortable, with a great deal of banquette seating-  which I adore.  I often have the veal chop, or a nice, big NY Strip.  Twice baked potatoes, creamed spinach......you know the routine in the "good old boys' steakhouse."  The best part is the house made chopped chicken livers which are simply to die for.Valet service rounds out the numerous reasons to choose this place over others in the area.  I almost forgot the comprehensive wine list, including wines by the glass.A must stop when you are in Scottsdale!
I've lived near Old Town Scottsdale for years and in all that time I've never really taken to the streets by foot, aside from a weekly visit to the Farmers Market. At first glance you ask yourself how many Indian jewelry shops can the area possibly sustain? Well the answer is, the turquoise market in Old Town seems to be doing quite well. So it was on a recent exploration trip that we happened upon David's Hamburger's and Mexican Food. So for me the idea of killer burger and tasty Mexican good is a match made in heaven, were talking major food groups here. Tucked between 2 galleries, David's is a blink and you'll miss it kind of place, very unassuming and humble. Inside you won't be wowed by the interior design but what they do have is functional and comfortable. With TV's at both ends of the hall like space, you'll be entertained by performance videos of 50's era rock 'n roll. I usually don't write much about soda pop, well never, but in this case the Cherry Coke ($1.95) was kind of special. When you order a Coke you can ask them to add a number of different flavorings from lemon and vanilla to chocolate and of course cherry. David's version is wonderfully fizzy and cuts through the richness of the upcoming meal. Of all the ways Mexican style meat is prepared, the grilled taste of beef is my all time favorite. If you enjoy this as much as I do then Id suggest the Carne Asada Nachos ($8.59). A massive pile of crunchy tortilla chips is covered in grilled beef strips, melted cheese, guacamole, sour cream and pico de gallo. While basic, I ate most of them myself leaving my partner to scraping the cheese off of the plate. If you'd like salsa on your chips, be sure to ask them to bring you bowls of green and red salsa. Now who doesn't like a big juicy hamburger? David's doesn't disappoint with David's Single ($5.99), say that 2 times fast. A 1/3lb patty topped with the usual suspects, then dressed with David's creamy sauce which to me was a thick version of Thousand Isle dressing, adding a layer of tangy goodness. Along side you have your choice of fries or you can choose to upgrade ($.99) to a mix of large deep fried onion rings and golden French fries. For dipping I a side of David's sauce did the trick in lieu of ketchup. The Patty Melt ($7.25) is classic diner food. We're talking thick ground beef patty, melted cheese and grilled onions on your choice of grilled sourdough or rye bread. The wholesome grease from the beef patty and grilled onions is absorbed into the bread creating a creamy like texture, for me this is what a patty melt is all about. Of course the Guacamole Burger ($6.25) with its pepper jack cheese, bacon and guacamole is the marriage of Mexican and American influence. If you're an early riser, David's also serves breakfast like Bacon Pancakes ($6.75) and Coconut Waffles ($6.25). Someone please pass the syrup. My only question, where is the breakfast burrito?
Received two more messages from "Iolanda" this morning.  Thought some of you might get a kick out of reading them.  I'm definitely never going back to 98 South.  Hope this info helps some of you...  BTW, don't you just love orangeheads??  Doling out insults are so much easier when hiding behind a mask!19 minutes ago: Obviously rebuttal is not your friend but jealously is your neighbor......9 minutes ago: Thought the drink was for your gentleman friend but your the one that had to abandoned it.....You really shouldn't have your picture posted ......pug!!! I mean easy target....Lets go west side .............yeppie!!!
I want to make love to a cream puff sundae.  Maybe even marry one.  They're that good.  Other than totally awesome desserts, this pace is a dump. The g-damn flickering fluorescent lights give me a headache.Go there for dessert, inhale it before the flickering lights give you a seizure then run before you get sucked into a shit-hole linoleum time-warp.
Totally excited to try this place out, my grandparents, my mom and I (4 of us) came here for some Korean food. It wasn't too busy; just pairs of people from nearby offices coming in and out. Unlike other Korean restaurants, their lunch special selection is very limited. Special A  consists of a sushi roll with a soda, special B = teriyaki beef/chicken (no soda), or special C, Korean BBQ Spicy Chicken. As we were looking at the "lunch special" board, the lady behind the counter insisted that we should look at their full price menu instead. Here comes the awkward part: she then asked my mom "are you Chinese?" Even though she is, my mum looked at me all puzzled as in "what does that mean?" The lady proceeded by pointing at the "seafood pancake" section on the menu and saying "I don't know why but you Chinese like this pancake a lot." Good thing my mom didn't hear what she said.. or else... So we got the Spicy Chicken lunch special ($6.99), a bulgogi ($6.99), and a beef yakisoba ($7.19). The cool thing about this place is that it has a mini "kimchi" buffet bar, with trays of marinated tofu, potato, bean sprout, kimchi, broccoli and some other vegetables. It also has this delicious house special hot sauce. By the time we finished a dish of kimchi, the food came, so it didn't take long. The spicy chicken, came in a bowl about the size of an instant-noodle bowl (but slightly deeper), was tender, with rice underneath it. The chicken was definitely marinated well; however, the last couple of pieces had tendons and big chunks of fat... what a bad way to end it. The bulgogi also came in a bowl, with rice underneath. The beef was definitely not marinated fully. The color was super light and the beef was close to tasteless. The biggest disappointment, food-wise, was the beef yakisoba. The noodles, occupying most of the Styrofoam lunch box, were sweet. Then there was an ice-cream scoop of rice, topped with 3 pieces, I kid you not, THREE pieces of dog-tag-sized, super-dry meat. In the end, we just decided to bring the barely-touched yakisoba home for my younger brother (well, teenage boys tend to eat everything...). While my mom transfered the noodles to the plastic bowl (since the Styrofoam box was lidless), I went to ask for a plastic cover. This is the best part: the same lady, stared at me, pointed at the salad bar and said "you can't take that home". I thought there was a miscommunication, so I asked again for a lid for the noodles. Again, she pointed at the salad bar and said "you are not allowed to take the kimchi home". Wow seriously? Just b/c my grandparents are Chinese you assumed we were stashing kimchi in a bowl and trying to sneak it out? "Look, I just want to take my noodles home, ok?" She hesitantly gave me a lid."Hey, hey you. we chineness peple no steal kimchi becuz Confucius say 'no stealing kimchi'"... only if I said that to her face...Oh, and when we got home, my brother, aka our food dumpster, took a bite of the yakisoba and never touched it again.  Conclusion: If you want amazing Korean food and friendly customer service, please just go to Chodang. Chodang is WAYYY BETTER, hands down
Don't get me wrong, White Chocolate Grill is good and definitely a place I will go back to, but there is something that just doesn't click. Everything tastes good and the service is fast and efficient but it is more of a relaxed dinner that a meal you get excited about. I can't say for everyone I really don't like waiting a half hour for a table. Call me impatient I don't care,  I really do not think many restaurants deserve that title even on a Friday night. I do love that they have an entire menu for gluten free diners. It's so hard to find gluten free in restaurants don't even mention an entire menu! I was impressed! I ended up splitting artichokes with parmesan (ask for no bread crumbs) with my mom and got myself a chicken caesar. Both were decent. We did end up ordering a gluten free chocolate souffl (make sure to specify that you want it gluten free because they had a normal version as well) which was amazing and I would definitely go there just for that. Overall a good family weeknight restaurant that is that is above average meal. Definitely a place to go if you have celiacs or are gluten intolerant.
Just a quick update.... Took my parents here for lunch today, and now I have 2 more converts! If anyone is still sleeping on this place, shame on you; you're really missing out. Why? DELICIOUS food made from QUALITY ingredients and FRESHLY prepared hot to order. Good stuff all around!
I am always on the prowl for a good burger so when I heard there was a new burger place in Tempe I knew I had to try it out.The boyfriend and I went to Lobby's on a Friday night. It was not busy but the location doesn't really lend itself to busy. So we were able to walk right in and order. It's an order at the counter and grab a seat kinda place. We both ordered cheeseburgers and got an order of fries to share. I liked that the burgers were not pre-made frozen patties. They threw down two hunks of beef on the grill.The burgers were tasty, a nice size - not too big, not too small - and the fixin's were fresh. So was the bun. The fries were crinkle cut but they were crispy and good.The atmosphere was fine, good for a quick sit-down and the staff was friendly.I hope they can survive in this location because they are worth a repeat visit for sure.
great salads and burgers!
Fuego Bistro is one of my new favorites! A couple people have recommended it to me, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it for restaurant week. We arrived about 15 minutes before our reservation to have a drink on the patio. The staff was super welcoming and friendly. Matt enjoyed a mai tai and I had a red sangria - both very refreshing. Our table was ready right on time and we had an awesome waitress who gave great suggestions on ordering... there were so many good looking options on their restaurant week menu. We're sharers, so we ordered with that in mind. Drinks: We got the pomegranate mojito (very refreshing) and a peach-blood orange mojito (sweet, but very good)Starters: Signature empanadas: Tasty. The focus was the meat, I would have preferred more vegetables inside.Sauteed prawns: The star here were the sauces - delicious!Entrees: Cola Braised Short Ribs: AMAZING! Some of the best we've ever had. The short ribs were very tender and not fatty at all. The flavor was so good!Pernil Asado (shredded pork): So delicious!! I made little tacos with their fresh corn tortillas. Sides: Green chili cornbread casserole: A little drier than I had imagined, but great flavor. Maple chiliglazed carrots: The glaze didn't really stand out to me, but good as far as baby carrots go.Jalapeno creamed corn: I was pleasantly surprised - really enjoyed this one! Chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes: A great side with the short rib. Dessert: (By this point, we knew we'd need to be rolled out of the restaurant, but we HAD to have dessert since it was part of restaurant week). Chocolate chip bread pudding: Really good chocolate chip bread with scoops of malted chocolate crisp ice cream. This was a lot of food after that meal, but I savored the bites I had. The ice cream was excellent!Banana burrito: exactly what you'd picture with scoops of the same icecream - delicious! I can't wait to go back to Fuego and tell my friends about it. Great service, charming atmosphere, and excellent dishes.... Fuego is a winner!
Never thought I'd review a supermarket, but since it's tough times for alot of people out there, I'd like to share my 2 cents..First of all, you don't need a card.  The deals are for everyone and it makes it hassle-free during checkout.  Now, about the deals ~ I find that Albertsons has the lowest prices and best deals and you can find them amonst any product you're looking for.  It's WAY cheaper than Safeway for sure.This is what i found yesterday:  88 cents for 2 (yes two!) snicker bars or other comparable chocolate bars, $1 for a bag of lifesavor hard candies, and $14.99 for a 24 bottle case of coors light.  They also had 69 cent bags of frozen veggies that people were buying like crazy.  Also, this location has really good cuts of meat.  I'm Korean and was so excited that they had short ribs cut perfectly for Kalbi jjim (korean braised shortribs), and for $3.99 a pound, it was quite a deal!
Only three stars?  Wow--maybe it was the ambiance that sucks overall here--I don't know.  I actually didn't go here myself.  It was my wife.  She brought me home a cheese enchilada plate and it hit the spot--even lukewarm.All I know is that meal was better as a leftover than a lot of the fresh ones I've had at taquerias around the tri city area.  Makes me wonder how it would taste if it were nice and hot. . .Okay--challenge accepted.  I'll let you know.
I haven't yelped in about 2 months, and I was waiting for a place to either wow me or disgust me.  Well, this place was that bad. First impressions were all right -- the outside bar was neat w/ good views of downtown, and the fire pits were nice.  No beers on tap though; and seriously, what's with the hip-hop club DJ at 7:00 pm?  Come on guys, way too early for that.It wasn't too long before three of us were seated; and after about 10 minutes, our waitress came up and asked us whether we were ready to ... oh wait, that's right, no menus yet, good job.  O.k., so I ordered the Thai Spring rolls, which had a filling of lettuce, a single strip of carrot, and noodles.  Seriously?!  Main course, I ordered the curry, which turned out to be the worst curry in the world -- I don't even know if it was curry; it was more like a bowl of thick, yellow soup, with a few pieces of chicken and a couple of vegetables tossed in.  Yuck.  And then they only gave me a tiny bowl of rice.  I'm sorry, isn't it supposed to be the other way around?  My friends completely agreed with how bad the place was (I think they had some sort of stir fry, which they said was bland and pointless).So yeah, I don't recommend this place.  Instead, head a block over to The Roosevelt for some good beer on tap and some pretty good food.
Beaver Choice is an excellent place which I have had the chance to visit three or four times.  This is about as home-cooked as you can get in a restaurant.  It's like eating at Mom's house, if Mom happens to be Swedish.I've had a few of the entrees -- schnitzel cordon bleu, pork medallions, seared gravlax -- and all were delicious.  Especially the gravlax.The sides are also great, and you usually get three per meal.The poutine is perhaps not as good as what you'd get in Quebec, but it's easily the best I've had in Arizona.  The fact that they even have poutine wins this place a few points.I have also had the opportunity to try their dessert specialty, the Beaver Supreme.  This mess of chocolate, meringue, cream, mandarin orange, and possibly a few other things, is the sort of thing which you set out intending to only eat half in the first sitting, but ultimately find your free will diminished, invariably resulting in an empty dish and a fear of the onset of diabetes.Also, it seems one gentleman gave this place low marks for the long preparation time on a chicken wrap.  I just have to ask, why would anyone go to a Scandinavian restaurant and order a chicken wrap?  Can you imagine what would happen if you wander into a Viking camp and order a chicken wrap?  Your head would be off before you could recite one measly Odinian incantation.
YIKES!! Its a good thing that this place it a far drive for me - cuz it could spell trouble. If you ever have a craving for a real delight and want to really 'enjoy a silent moment'.....try one of their coconut, lemon or dark chocolate cupcakes. Honestly I didnt care how many calories are in them....I was weak in the knees. There is standing room only in this shop  - literally I think my bathroom is bigger -but a big thumbs up for the cupcakes, and kudos on their packaging!!. (its definitely built into the pricing!)
I've eaten a huge percentage of the food on Green's menu and I love it all. If nothing else, come here to try the Soynami's (vegan Blizzards). I'm not a fan of rice or soy ice cream but this stuff is amazingly good.The bowl meals are packed with great fresh vegetables. I mostly eat whole foods and don't consider the fake meats to be especially healthful, but I love to eat the fake meat here once in a while for the texture. It's so good. It's not exactly like the real thing, but it doesn't need to be. It's delicious as it is. There is always a huge variety of people eating here all the time. It's always packed, always hard to get a table. Good for Green Restaurant!Atmosphere: The restaurant is made with green materials. Every time we go they are showing the work of a different artist. It's college-indie and casual.The employees don't act super enthusiastic, but they're decent and polite and do a good job. I love the humor of whoever it is that writes up the food specials on the chalkboard. BTW, you can get vegan whipped cream here and it's SO GOOD!   :)
So, I avoided this place like the plague for the longest time.  No reason really, it just never caught my attention.  It always seemed to be empty, which led me to believe it must not be that great.  Well, don't judge a book until you walk in and try the spaghetti! The Bollo Neapolitan has been my favorite pasta so far and the steak sandwich is to die for.  I'm telling you- I never order steak sandwiches and I fell in love!   I've tried a few of the other pastas and they were ok, but the Bollo Neapolitan was my fav with the runner up being the Garlic Shrimp Pasta.Now for the Negatives.  The chicken on the pasta just never really tastes right to me.  I don't know what it is, but it has a very gamey taste.  The dishes I've tried without chicken have been far superior in my view.  Finally, I've never seen this place packed.  That can be a negative or a positive depending on my mood, but I would like to see a few more patrons.  So, if you don't want to wait in line at the other Italian joint in the AMC 30 complex (Macaroni Grill) or are looking for a non chain option, check out Neapolitan! The service has always been great too.Bottom Line: I'm glad to finally have a decent Italian choice when going to the movies at AMC 30.
Fine. Just fine. C+/B- average-- all around.    The decor was rustic and lodge-like, yet still open and modern.  No complaints here-- aesthetically pleasing and lacking the bright colors and loud mariachi music of more traditional Mexican restaurants.  The table we were sat at seemed to have been haphazardly wiped-- not totally clean. Our server was okay as well-- friendly enough, but seemed generally disinterested in her job and us and was not very knowledgable about the food she was serving. The food was fine.  The salsa served with the chips was totally fine-- fresh enough but not very flavorful-- a theme we would soon learn would repeat itself throughout our dining experience.  We started with the avocado egg rolls with cilantro honey dipping sauce.  These were the highlight of the meal-- the sweet sauce complimented the creamy avocado taste nicely.  My only qualm here was the $10.50 price tag for 2 standard sized egg rolls.  Seems a wee bit steep for what it was, but still very tasty.  I ordered the vegetarian tacos and they were good-- not wow, but good.  I appreciated the variety of vegetables and the fact that they had veggie tacos in the first place (many more standard Mexican restaurants do not).  I do wish they'd had more spices. The side of rice was pretty good, but not as flavorful as I'd like.  The veggie tacos are also served with some sort of pickled cabbage onion slaw (because the borracho beans that accompany the other dishes are cooked with bacon).  The slaw was also fine.  In general the food was acceptable, but a bit bland.  I should also mention that the portions are quite reasonable-- two smallish veggie tacos and a bit of rice and slaw.  Sometimes the portions as more traditional Mexican restaurants are absurdly gargantuan-- it was nice to see a normal sized and relatively healthy-seeming Mexican(ish) meal.Full disclosure here-- our visit to Black Chile was prompted by a card we'd received in the mail good for $20 off any meal.  So we figured it was worth a shot-- and it was, but maybe not a return visit.  Our bill (pre-discount) for the appetizer, 2 entrees, and two sodas came to $40.  If it wasn't at the Biltmore, I'd say it was a little steep, but considering its location, it's probably right on.  I'd go back if the food had wowed me, especially since it's in my neighborhood, but it didn't, so a repeat visit isn't likely.  There are enough solidly 4 and 5 star places in the vicinity that 3 stars doesn't generally make me a repeat customer.
Stopped there for breakfast. A cozy little place, with very friendly and smiling persons. Their house coffee is fine, but will have to go back for a dirty chai. I had also a bagel (just like any other). A nice drive through, and a good alternative to start the day!
BlahFood is boring and sub par in my bookThe ambiance is chill and super trendy ScottsdalishThe drinks are all old time drinks.  Think Slow Gin Fizzes, Rusty Nails and ManhattansThe service is good though
I really enjoy writing reviews praising a place for great food, service, ambiance, and value, or any combination of these. Unfortunately, this isn't one of those reviews. This is a fish story... No, not about the big one that got away. Nor is it about the time I was fly fishing with my dad and had to rescue him because he stepped in a deep hole and sank when his waders filled with water.... this is about the trout that saved the day.When my wife and I arrived at the Greene House, it was earlier in the evening, still happy hour, though we were there for dinner not appetizers. Checked-in with the hostess and were quoted a  quoted 30-45 minute wait for a table. We knew the place was popular so weren't upset with the wait as we were looking forward to a wonderful dinner.Went to the bar to order wine and that's when our disappointment started. We were sitting in plain view at the edge of the bar facing the entry and there were TWO bartenders,  In spite of this, in the 15 minutes we waited, occasionally waving and saying "excuse me" to get the bartenders' attention, we never even got so much as a Hi, and certainly not an opportunity to order a drink.I had only just told my wife I wasn't willing to wait another 15-30 minutes wine free when the hostess pleasantly surprised us by saying a table was ready. Our relief was short lived however.After being seated, it was approximately 5 minutes before our server came to the table. We ordered wine and water.Our wine and water came NINE minutes later... a total of over 30 minutes since we entered the restaurant before we received our first beverage.We skipped an appetizer, planning ahead for dessert, and for our entree ordered Rainbow Trout with a side of Truffle Parmesan Fries.Approximately 15 minutes later, our SIDE of Truffle Parmesan Fries showed up... sans trout. When asked about the missing trout, she said it'd be a few more minutes because the kitchen was backed up. When asked why she brought the side of fries, she said she thought we wanted them first, a leap of logic that totally escaped us. When our server said she could take the fries back "to keep them warm until our trout was ready", my wife and I looked at each other in amazement and made a spontaneous decision that given we were now STARVING, our original side of fries would serve us better as a hot appetizer than as a reheated side with dinner.Finally, a few minutes after our Truffle Parmesan Fries were gone, our trout arrived. As I indicated in the begining, it saved the day. The fish was fresh, perfectly prepared and exceptional.As good as the trout was however, is wasn't good enough to make us ever return to the Greene House. There is no reason any customer should suffer through such slow and uninspired service when there are at least a dozen restaurants within a 2 mile radius of this one (much less dozens more throughout the Phoeniz metro area), that are SIGNIFICANTLY more enjoyable. Spend your hard earned money somewhere else
5 stars? Definitely!Upon walking in, everything from the atmosphere, decor and staff was warm and inviting. We each ordered a 3 course meal, and agreed on different selections. The addition of a homemade mozzarella appetizer and an amazing dessert meant we each tasted 8 dishes that night. 8 amazingly unique and delicious dishes. We tasted from every section of their menu, including raw (butterfish and albacore), cooked (gnocchi and risotto), and meat (short rib and pork belly). Pretty much everything was "my favorite," and a couple of glasses of Barbara complemented the meal perfectly. It was pretty quiet on the night we visited... if I may make a suggestion it would be to GO GO GO to Crudo. Like, now.
what better way to end a perfect Spring training baseball day than with a marg, Mexican food and your girlfriends...the local in the group said this place would be crowded on a Sat night, so we weren't surprised with the wait time, but if a place is used to being crowded....they should have a better wait plan. if the bar is full (which it was for a bit), there is not much space to hang and wait, once we got to our table, our waitress spaced....got us water and then never came back. i liked the menu, as it spiced up some of the normal Mexican fare...like the shrimp chilaquiles with chipotle cream sauce that was great! the guac is good, but deceiving as it comes out in this huge mound served in a pestle...in actuality, there is a lot of lettuce on bottom then cup of guac. and my house margarita was more tangy mixer than tequila, kinda ick.i think this place has potential and i might try it again if i could do it on a weeknight, but for now it just gets my average.
I know this is going to be super girly but I love the peach beer at Four Peaks and the beer battered fries are amazing.
Thanks to Chris L's first review, OTFM has been on my list of places to go for quite some time.  Unfortunately, I just can't seem to get my act together on Saturday mornings.  Today was the day.  I was ready by 9 (am, not pm)!After a quick stop at the ATM, we were there, Yelp canvas bags in hand, and not disappointed.  I had to get that chocolate cherry bread from Phoenician Bakery.  I sampled an itsy, bitsy little piece and it was still like heaven exploded in my mouth.  We also purchased zucchini bread, honey (which I've already mixed with some mascarpone cheese and slathered on strawberries), grapefruit marmalade (yum), dates, and fresh flowers.The breakfast burritos from Gil's Taste of Taos were some damn good burritos.  Saving for next time...fresh produce (the lines were already long for McClendon's and I'm not one to wait for veggies) and everything else I wanted (like tamales).We saw our own Gabi K's other half wandering down the street too...he looked so lost without her:(  Hope he brought her some flowers.
Had the Korean Beef over white rice. What a great dish. Thin sliced beef in a garlic brown sauce with onions and great taste, served with a side of white rice. NOTHING over the top nothing trying to be something it is not. Just good food.
I've always had consistent quality of food and service here.  Standard menu....everything is a la carte.  I've been to this specific location about half a dozen times....I recommend City Hall or Mastro's (N. Scottsdale), over Morton's.  But between Fleming's and here, it's a tossup.  I would eat at either....but I would probably choose Fleming's over Morton's.
They try to be like In-N-Out, even down to the color scheme, but the burgers taste very different.  They offer cajun fries which have some extra seasoning, and if you ask for your fries "well done" they don't come out as soggy.  But if you're going with someone else, then one order of fries is all you'll need.  They give everyone huge helpings of fries and I'm never able to finish a single order so I just share it.  The burgers are excellent and the one thing that sets this place a part is the option to get fresh jalapenos on your burger.  Don't forget about breakfast!  This is where In-N-Out fails.  The breakfast burgers are great after a night of partying.
This really amounts to 3.5 stars.  I think after seeing all of the stellar reviews combined with my LOVE for Filipino food, my expectations were just too high.I took a few coworkers with me to check out the food and see if I had finally found a local Filipino eatery to curb my cravings.  Not so much.  The pancit (my favorite Filipino entree) seemed to lack flavor and/or seasoning.  I also wanted more meat and veggies - maybe that's just due to what I'm used to.  It was more just oily noodles and missed that flavor I wanted.  The good news is the pancit is cooked to order so it's very fresh and hot - just be prepared to wait a few minutes.I was also very excited to get some lumpia.  Again, not so much.  They were tiny with some mushed ingredients in them.  Also again, it may be just what I am used to, but I've always had ones which are longer with more fillings - stuff you can actually see and taste what's in them.On a positive note, the folks there are extremely friendly and helpful.  It makes me want to like it even more.  I'll go back and give it another go - I'll give the chicken adobo (my other favorite) a shot for some redemption.A few tips:*If you order pancit, order first because everyone's items are not brought out at once and the rest of your party will be waiting on you.*It is a small place - tough to fit the 5 of us.  There were only a few other tables to seat 2.I really wanted to like you Karey's Kitchen...
Potbelly, you have been handed the torch.It was a good ride Jimmy Johns, but you have no locations close to my newly purchased home.  Its not you, its me.  I promise.I love italian-style subs.  The Wreck at Potbelly is fantastic.  The Wreck salad is also great (for a salad).  This place is my new go to sub shack.
Honestly, I love cupcakes. Like I said in my Wicked Bakery review, eating a cupcake, unlike a slice of cake, gives one a sense of accomplishment. I like cupcakes. I like the sense of accomplishment you get from eating a cupcake. You may have had a hard day, but you finished an entire cupcake. That's validation. It makes me happy.Sprinkles is a great place to go for a sugar fix, but I have to say there are some negatives. I have had a dry cupcake there. They are a bit on the expensive side.The worst sin of all? Their red velvet is "a southern style light chocolate cake with a cream cheese frosting". I have to disagree. I don't detect any cream cheese flavor in that frosting.The first time I devoured a Sprinkles cupcake it was magical. I was particularly impressed with the black and white- "Belgian dark chocolate with creamy vanilla frosting". I was in a shoebox Los Angeles apartment and the cupcakes seemed of adequate size. The next time was the new location  am currently reviewing and they were consumed in a larger-than-shoebox Chandler house. They seemed a little small. The third time was in my car- a Subaru Baja, and the cupcakes, again seemed sizable. I'd have to think that consuming a Sprinkles cupcake in an SUV would not be a great idea- the cupcake to eating space ratio would be all off. For true cupcake validation, I'll drive the 35.9 miles to Wicked.Ok- you caught me. I might stop by for an emergency fix if I happen to be in the area, but I'll be thinking of Slade at Wicked... and I'll be consuming my confection in a small space.
On a cold winter day, the craving for hot comfort in a bowl makes a person do strange things. It found me driving to a kind of shady part of Mesa, while braving the cold winds in search of a perfect bowl of ph.My new holy grail of Vietnamese restaurants is Ph Thnh, located in a rundown strip mall on Southern and Extension. A good Vietnamese restaurant is usually kind of old, slightly dingy and super cheap, and in this case all the basics were met and exceeded.Ph Thnh is a no-frills kind of place. Inside it screams for a makeover. Though clearly from another era, it is clean and functional. The service is friendly and the kitchen is fast.There might be a slight familiarity here the owners of Ph Thnh and my favorite central Vietnamese joint Da Vng are brothers. The menus of the two places are almost identical, and they offer a lot.The No. 50 Ch Gi ($2) is what good Vietnamese cooking is all about. Two golden-brown, crunchy egg rolls filled with shrimp and pork are hands on and interactive. Served with a plate of lettuce leaves and herbs, you wrap the egg roll in lettuce and garnish with mint and cilantro, then dunk them into the house-made n?c chm, a sweet and spicy dipping sauce. The fresh lettuce and herbs cut through the richness of the egg roll, which on its own might be slightly oily.Applying the same hands-on approach, the No. 54 Bnh Xo ($3.95) replaces the rolls with a pan-fried rice flour crepe. The exterior is slightly crispy, while the soft interior is filled with shrimp and bean sprouts. Of all the Bnh Xo I've tried, this version is by far my favorite. It's full of flavor and texture.Ph (pronounced like the bad word) is not only fun to say, but fun to eat. Eight versions of the noodle soup are offered, from traditional beef to chicken. Pay attention to the menu description when ordering since you might wind up with unfamiliar cuts of meat.I'm adventurous and love the textures of beef tendon and tripe, so I was in heaven when my steaming bowl of No. 1 Ph Ph Thnh ($4.95) arrived. The broth was incredibly fragrant with clove and star anise. This really should be made into an air freshener.Along with the condiments at the table, the soup comes with a plateful of basil and bean sprouts. But also include limes and chilis to add texture, flavor and depth to your pho experience.For something hearty and comforting, the No. 7 M B Kho ($4.75) is a bowl of chewy egg noodles filled with a beef stew. Tender pieces of stewed carrots and beef grace the rich and complex flavors of the dark and tasty brew.If you're carbohydrate loading, order a slab of French bread to absorb all of the bone-warming elixir at the bottom of the bowl.For food like this, a little shady is worth the drive.
There's no better way to find out about a new eatery than to receive a gift card to one you've never been to (or heard of, for that matter). This happened to me when I received a gift card to Paradise Bakery. Being new to Phoenix, of course I Yelp'd it to find one nearby. I located this on on the SWC of Bell Rd and 7th Street while up at Sam's Club. Paradise Bakery has sandwiches, salads, soups, sides, and of course -- the bakery items! At this location, you can eat in or take out. I like the Turkey Bacon Bravo or the Turkey Cranberry with a side of their excellent mac 'n' cheese and a drink. Getting this combo also scores you a free cookie! This location is in the shopping area with a huge Target and many other stores, so the parking is hit or miss, depending on the time of day/week. And PB's prices are just a bit steep for what they serve...good food, but still a bit pricey.
Awesome loose leaf tea spot in the North Phoenix area. You can have a cup/pot of tea in-house, or buy a variety of teas to go.HUGE selection of loose leaf teas. If you're a tea fan, a visit to Souvia is a must-do.
I picked up some brownies as holiday treats this year and they did not disappoint! These are the richest, chocolatiest, moistest, biggest (3" square) brownies you will find! I'm tellin' ya! TOTALLY worth the drive to Gilbert - except they're taking their own holiday break right now, so you'll have to wait until after Jan. 4, 2010 to get your fix! Still, worth the drive and worth the wait!!
No question -- my FAVORITE burger in the valley!I first got turned on to Lobbys at a Yelp Office Hours -- http://www.yelp.com/biz/september-office-hours-at-lobbys-tempe#hrid:kQOElzgklMRbAyWS8LhVFw - - and by my check-ins, you can see i've frequented there since. I've tried a lot of other "great" burgers -- 5 Guys, Smashburger, etc - but IMHO, none of them stack up to the food and the experience at Lobbys. The burgers at Lobbys are so good that I crave them --I want to drive across town or plan out my day so that I'm in the area to get one! I just feel that there's more quality ingredients with a Lobbys burger -- the bun, the taste, the way the cheese melts over the whole patty, the special sauce, and the burger itself. And just as Lynn W says the service is truly superior here and " He (Lobby) really cares about his business and it shows". I've recommended many friends to check out Lobbys and have brought a few friends here -- everyone has loved it! Especially my Chicago friends that live in the valley. Lobbys burgers is that raised bar that I measure all other burger joints to.
I love minimalism.  If you can class up a place with a less-is-more approach, then you've exceeded the abilities of 95% of the American population.  Fortunately for the Cen Pholks Lisa G has this aptitude that transcends through her decor and into her simplistic, but delicious organic food.Now, here's my deal: you put prosciutto on your menu and and I'm gonna get b-boy on your hardwood floors like Ozone in Breakin' 2.  Lisa G's breakbeats the hell out of their prosciutto sandwich with caramelized onions, parm cheese, fig jam, and arugula on an Italian loaf.  A side of balls and their Alamos Ridge Malbec and I'm fresh.Service?  Never had a bad experience, but who cares?  The food outshines any flaws of a young dine-in.
Anyone who asks, "are you a vegan to lose weight?" should come to Green and eat their words. And everything else.In fact, I usually end up at Green with non-vegetarian friends because they claim that it's "Food you can eat that I actually like." Every dish is addictive, flavorful, saucy, and filling. Classic hits include the chicken thai peanut bowl, the singapore tofu bowl (although the mock meats are a shame to miss out on), the vegan BBQ chicken sammich (I just watched a carnivorous friend down this with the delight and voracity of a young velociraptor), and then there are the eternally awesome specials.Even though you'll probably be stuffed post-meal... make room for dessert. It's mind over matter anyway. Order a Tsoynami - they're like McFlurries with vegan ice cream and epic swirl ins. Standouts include Tsoynamis  filled with anything from frozen chocolate fudge, bananas, kitkats, hazlenut brittle, mint oreos and more.On a another note, this is also the only strictly vegan restaurant in the Tempe/Scottsdale area with a lively, hip atmosphere. Even if you love steak more than anything in the world (and there are steak po'boys, might I add) at least stop by for a chocolate chip cookie and check out the awesomeness of the place.
When a man falls in love, it's a special thing. Not because his calloused hands and heart are finally softening. Not even because he has found something that completes his very living soul. It's special because he is simply, and utterly....happy.Ladies and Gentleman of Yelp....I have found the pizza that makes me happy.I heard all the hype..."best pizza in the country", "Oprah says it's the best", "The Food Network hypes it up", "Chris Bianco learned how to make pizza from Jesus". Ok, I made up the last one.My friend and pizza aficionado, Lance has been known to drive in from Los Angeles...just for this pizza, and then he would drive home. Sometimes, he'd even fly in. It had to be good, right? Tonight, I chose Pizzeria Bianco for my birthday dinner because of the hype. I had made a pathetic attempt to dine here once, but myself and the individual I was with, we both were intimidated by the 3 hour wait. Is any pizza worth three hours? That's a personal judgment call. That night, I ended up dining at Nobuo, across the path....and it was a nice meal.I digress. I've been preparing for this trip. I read up on various press articles, and discovered that as of last week, they are open for lunch AND Mondays! Perfect. Tonight, I dined with my parents. My favorite dining companions. We sat down in the very intimate dining space. No wait at all. Perhaps, people don't know that they are open on Mondays. Fine by me.The decor is nice. Simple, with a classic cucina feel. The brick oven is the star of this place. Clearly.We ordered some bread to get started. It came with a little cup of high end olive oil. Fantastic! The crust was crisp, and the bread was chewy to the point where you can't help but smile when you eat this.The pizza is phenomenal. We ordered two pizzas (for three people). One was half Rosa and half Margherita, the other was the Biancoverde.  This way we were able to try three different kinds of pizza .All three styles were phenomenal. The winner of the three was the Margherita. The tomato sauce doesn't overpower, the mozzarella melts like a dream, and a hint of basil. The Rosa was unique, and also delicious. The Arizona pistachios take some getting used to, but pairs well with the red onion. The Biancoverde was much more complex. Definitely a hearty pizza because of the ricotta cheese. Very tasty. It's topped with arugala, so you will get a nice earthy, and loud flavor. Usually when I eat pizza, I take a bite of the crust, and then I leave the rest. Not here. I went through the entire pizza slice because it's perfect. Chewy, crispy, and full of happy!Take it from me....this place is worth the hype. Look at the reviews from other Yelpers. Even the picky ones love this place.Maybe it's true. Maybe Chris Bianco did learn how to make pizza from Jesus. Sure as hell tastes like it.Now if you are wondering about the other stuff, it was also a five star experience: staff friendly and attentive, and the bathrooms are spotless.Worth the 3 hour wait? YES. Bring all your friends here? YES. Will I guarantee the awesome? YES.#300
It seems totally unbelievable that, not only did I hang out for more than an hour at a mall, but an outside one at that in 115-degree heat. I attribute my ability to withstand these two unfavorable conditions to two things:Bonnie Tea Infusion  It was Bonnie's choice to grab some drinks at what she described as a "great, independently owned tea shop" located at Tempe Marketplace. I'm not a tea connoisseur by any means, and I generally distrust fads (i.e., this silly-sounding thing called "boba" tea), but I agreed cause if  Bonnie likes it, it's gotta be worth checking out, right? Parking wasn't too much of a hassle on a Sunday afternoon, and we surprisingly got a space close to an entrance to the "District," just outside of Barnes and Noble. Inside, the shop looked much like a Starbucks - and I don't mean to imply that it was uninspired or anything. It was clean, modern and consisted of a long counter behind which two employees busily hand-mixed tea and smoothie concoctions, along with a few tables/chairs. The menu was extensive and separated into "black," "green" and "white" teas, any of which I could get hot or cold...I think. I picked the tropics white in iced form, and B got my second choice, a peach mix white. Both were pretty delicious. There was also a selection of sandwiches and snacks that I did not sample - next time. I also ran into a good friend there who was delighted by the fact that they had this mystical "boba," and so ordered a Chai-type version with blueberry-sized and -shaped balls floating on the bottom, and an oversized straw to facilitate sucking them up along with the drink. I tried one boba ball and it was gelatinous and chewy - not at all like what I expected - and an odd sensation, but I would totally order one the next time I'm in. Being in the District and flanked by stores like "Hottie Inc." and Guess, there were several teens inside hanging out in large numbers - boo. So, we decided to sit outside for as long as we could stand it. I was surprised to find that the several shaded tables and misters made for a pretty comfortable environment, and we hung out for a good hour or so before I got so sweaty I have to get mobile.  So, in summary, I would totally come back. Probably before or after a movie, to grab a drink and support an independent store among a mecca of chain retail. Plus, right across the way there is an ASU art gallery (closed Sunday and Monday) that we peeked into and actually cool, interesting sculpture art by local artist and asu instructor David Young.  Touche, the District at Tempe Marketplace - I have to say I am impressed!
ADORABLE PLACE!Wraps, Pastas, Salads, Pizza, Gelato, Pastries, Sodas and SuchSuper darling place that makes you feel so comfortable.  Looks like they have computers to use (i don't know if there is a charge). The inside is precious, decorated to the T-- not a single spot was missed.  Our food was placed on a silver tray and handed over to us to sit in a comfy booth and enjoy our wraps and pizza.  It was really good.  The place is just so darn adorable; it's hard to concentrate on the food when everything was so POSH while you NOSH.  Get it?
IF YOU HAVE KIDS YOU MUST READ!!!My husband and I have never been more insulted at a restaurant than tonight at the Hillstone Restaurant (Biltmore).This is the same restaurant group that includes Bandera and Houston's. We deliberately went out early-- at 5pm -- with another couple and our son. He started to fuss on and off during dinner. Mind you the restaurant was already noisy when the GM Miranda Geranios instructed us to leave; other patrons were complaining. That was news to us- and we've seen far worse outbursts in the past from children. Ironically, our son at that moment was playing happily with the other couple when she rudely asserted herself. We were in the middle of dinner and to add insult to injury, she didn't even offer to compensate us for a future visit without our little guy. Just go home without dinner and pay the bill. Of course, she herself has no children. To ask a repeat customer to leave is absolutely disgusting. We will never visit any of their establishments again and wanted to share our unfortunate experience with our friends who also know the challenges of having a family.
This place was real chill last night. I had been to the one in Downtown Phoenix quite a few times before and wasn't all to impressed, but this location is a whole 'nother animal.Plenty of space to do you.Something so rare in cramped up tiny Scottsdale. Crowd was alright and the bartenders we're super nice. Might have to swing through the next time I hit up Scottsdale.
I keep wanting to like this place.  I want to support a local business, and yet....Last year I took my two boys there after a theater performance (Greasepaint!   Excellent!), and after we placed our orders for lunch, I took out our SET game (it's a card game that does not use a traditional deck - great fun).  WIthin moments, the server was back at our table.  "You can't do that."  "What?  Play cards?  It's not gambling." (Maybe I was wrong, but living here, you start to assume that an objection to something must be religion based).  "The owners don't allow it."  "They don't allow it?  It's a matching game."  "No.  You'll have to put it away."Now.  I would understand not wanting us to sit and play cards if we'd finished eating and were just holding a table (assuming it was busy).   However, this was during the gap between ordering and eating.  I KNOW I should've just left then.  Instead, I made my kids happy and we stayed for lunch (and ice cream!).  A couple months ago I (foolishly) decided to try again.  Didn't bother with the cards this time.  The lousy thing this time was the mold on my son's bread.  They DID remove the sandwich from the bill, but eish.    I'd kind of like the "Restaurant Impossible" guy to come in here and give it an overhaul.  I don't mind the nostalgia stuff, but the place does need a solid going over.
Copper Star is a great example of adaptive use in the heart of the Melrose curve. Who would have thought that a building initially designed to provide fuel to cars would so work so well serving fuel to humans?Their coffee is locally roasted and, while not my favorite, is well above average in Phoenix. Their drive-thru is a great feature for those mornings when I'm running late. For the coffee adverse, Copper Star serves chai, tea, smoothies, Italian sodas, and some unique drinks including a black cherry limeade. Foodwise, there is a wide selection of baked goods,including some of the best bagels. They also have decent lunch offerings, such as sandwiches and a tasty hummus platter. But where they shine is their 'home baked' cupcakes. (I've seen Mayor Gordon here on several occasions getting his cupcake fix!) Despite being in a converted gas station/garage, the atmosphere is quite a bit more cozy than most of the other coffee shops in central Phoenix. While the sandblasted block walls and exposed ceiling let that building's industrial past peak through, this is offset by rotating art work and selection of comfortable (if a bit dingy) couches and easy chairs as well as small bistro tables and long 'work' tables to choose from. The staff is friendly and helpful, and the owner, Bill, is a great neighborhood resource. He can tell you anything and everything going on along 7th Ave.All in all a good place to grab a coffee and cupcake,  meet a friend or get some old fashioned reading done. I can't recommend it for serious work requiring internet access, however, as the wifi access remains intermittent at best.
Scuzy waiter. Scuzy manager. Overall just a bad experience. The food was pretty awful too. I don't understand how this place is so successful! The food was either waaaay over-seasoned of severely under-seasoned. A hole in the wall Chinese restaurant can produce better Chinese food. And at cheaper prices. Search around. It'll be well worth it.
My wife and I absolutely love this place.  Yes, it's a bit pricier... but yu get what you pay for: excellent food and service!  The patio is even cigar-friendly, which is a huge plus for us!  We visit often!
This place is a hit or miss. Hence why I would rate it as average.  I've been here so many times for lunch because it's so close to work and because coworkers would suggest it.  I've had all the curries and every time the spiciness is different even though I ask for a 3.  Sometimes it's not spicy at all and sometimes it's so spicy that my mouth burns.  I've had the eggplant with chicken, but the chicken isn't as moist and tender as I hoped meat would taste like. They chopped up the chicken in very small pieces and seemed overcooked.  I would stick with the different types of curries (red, green, yellow) though.  It's safer.  The curry sauce would seep into the meat and make it more tender. The curries can also be different textures.  I've had it where it's thick and creamy (the way I like it) or more watered down.  The lunch portions are pretty small, but I guess it's enough for a lunch meal.  Beware Swaddee's if you're not too comfortable with spicy.  Just order a lower number and you can add more chili if it's not spicy enough for you.  I still would recommend this place and try your luck with the food here.  You may get lucky and have a great meal.
I can't help but feel the same sentiment as Nathan S. - I sort of feel bad giving this place only 3 stars with all the other rave reviews. Let me start with the positives -  I love love that the place is so small and intimate.  Especially in comparison to most Valley restaurants that are just cavernous.  And with the European-style seating you have to get friendly with your neighbors.  Both of these things make this feel like a good NY restaurant. I also love the atmosphere and decor in general.  Very authentic Spanish, very laid back, not all hip and modern like most restaurants try to be these days. The service was extremely friendly, from the hostess to all of the waiters and waitresses and bus boys that came by. My husband really liked the Sangria (Tinto) - he said it wasn't very strong but tasted great. Indeed, all of the food tasted very good.  Our two favorite dishes happened to be the daily specials - the Eggplant Barcelona and the Turkish Custard dessert.  But the Tortilla Patatas and the Gambas and the Spinach with Garbanzos were all great as well. Now to the negatives -  Firstly, selection was dreadful all around.  The wine list was very minimal, and the very limited bar didn't help.  And there were only about 8 dishes to choose from.  When I go for Tapas, the whole point is having a wide variety of small plates to choose from! Every dish was DROWNED in oil.  Literally, bowls of oil.  The food just sat in my stomach afterwards, and I felt like I needed to take a shower to rid myself of all the grease. The sizes of the dishes were very inconsistent.  I know it's tapas, and I love me some tapas, but generally at tapas places I find you could likely split each dish three ways.  The Gambas and the Spinach were both huge piles that could have been split up to 4 ways.  But then the Tortilla Patatas was barely large enough to split two ways, and then our two favorite dishes - the Eggplant Barcelona and the Turkish Custard - were both smaller than a deck of cards and splitting them just two ways left us each with a single forkful of food.  There was a party of 4 next to us that put in 1 order of the Pork Tenderloin and the waitress said, "You should really get 2 or 3 orders of that so everyone can try some."  3 orders for 4 people to try it?! Then, right along with the food size is the price.  $90 (incl tip) for the 4 tapas mentioned above, plus a glass of sangria, 2 glasses of wine, the dessert, and an espresso.  2 of the tapas were one bite per person.  Yikes. The food, while good, was nothing outstanding.  There was no dish that made me stop and say "wow, now that is well done."  They were solid but not amazing.  (As opposed to the Lomo Embuchado at Cobras y Matadors in LA that I was ready to marry and make babies with).So all in all, I'd say a 3.5 star experience, rounded down because it just wasn't a 4 for me.  I can't help but compare this place to my favorite tapas place in the valley, Sol y Sombra in the DC Ranch, where they have a huge selection of fantastic wine (and a full bar) and a huge selection of delicious and much larger portioned tapas for the same price.
Well, I've been to Liberty Market several times now and it's time to add my two cents. Yes, I know, there are already 250+ Reviews, what more could I add? Don't worry, I'll stick to the facts; consider this the cliff-notes version.Take the first parking spot you can find or drive the the lot west of the building. Walk in, grab a menu, and get in line.  With all of the goodness on the menu, try to make your decision before you get to the register.  A few of my favorites1. CORTADITO - coffee drinkers, do NOT miss this one!  Cuban miro-latte, on the sweeter side, served in a pair of espresso shots or a bowl, perfection!2. Rancher Salad - steak, caramelized onions, blue cheese, arugula, do I have to keep going?3. Sweet Potato Salad - a unique salad, SO much better than your average potato salad4. Cinnamon Rolls the size of a human face, if you're into to that kind of thing, share with a friend, or four.there are more, but I promised to keep it short.Back to the line. As you're making up your mind, be ready to answer the number of people in your party so they can set you up with a table.  Try to resist the incredible looking, super-sized pastries and desserts in the case, or not, what the heck, just get it!.  Pay the friendly cashier, proceed to the fountain drink station to fill your glasses, and maneuver the maze of tables to find the one with your number.Just a few tips.  One, it can get a little noisy in there, so may not be the best place if you're planning a discussion over your meal. Two, LM gets busy and the staff is always trying to find a table for the guests in line by the time they finish at the register.  So, while the dining room attendants are friendly and attentive, they are definitely trying to turn the table as soon as you'll let them.And now you know what to expect.  If you don't like lines or loud places, this might not be your favorite place. Overall, delicious, fresh food and shinny, happy people to bring it to you.  Let's just say LM is enough to get me out of my five mile Ahwatukee radius, and that is hard to do! Now you know the scoop . . . I'm out!  Enjoy!
I put forth that we need to institute a new standard of measurement to be used for comparing coffee shops.  Furthermore, I think that Cartel Coffee Labs should use this place as a standard for this new unit of measurement.I have to assume it's called a "Coffee Lab" for a reason.  Too many coffee shops these days are retail stores, where coffee is an incidental thing in all the yelling, stupid names, and fancy colors.  If you look at the menu of Cartel Coffee Lab, there are a total of 13 items.  It's all about the coffee, plain and simple.Then again, there's really nothing simple about it to those who take their coffee as seriously as this place does.  The artistry of their baristas is not to be trifled with.  These people can make a latte so pretty, you really won't want to drink it (until you do, then you're happy you did).  On top of that, the selection of coffee varietals is impressive.  I've only tried one, but that alone was better than anything Starbucks tries to pawn off on the masses.  Perhaps the use of the term "Lab" is because they've actually stepped beyond anything any other coffee shop has done.  Either way, the formula that they came up with works better than anything I've come across before.Then again, maybe I'm being too hard on the other places.  It's not that they have an intrinsically inferior product, but the reason for these places has been lost behind t shirts and mugs and open mic nights and selling you a card containing the same money you'd use on the place anyway...I digress.  Cartel Coffee Labs is a great place with a fantastic product.  If their WiFi is weak or the back corner gets dark, I honestly don't care.  Their coffee is excellent and I'll be coming back for more.
This is a great place to go for a glass of wine and appetizers with your girlfriends. My girlfriends and I went there to celebrate one of our birthdays. We sat on the patio by the fireplace. Our waitress was awesome she let us try as many samples of wines that wanted to. The wines are very good and pretty inexpensive. As for the appetizers they were just ok. The bruschetta is good, but the spinach artichoke dip was tasteless. This place stands out for its ambiance, great tasting wine and good service!
Tweet tweet.  I decided to follow Market Bistro on Twitter just recently and am sure glad I did.  This company really knows how to treat their 'followers'. I have been a fan of Market Bistro for 2 years now, they have such a comfortable setting at both locations and the food is impeccable not to mention reasonably priced.I have always opted for the Market pizza, a dish that includes artichokes, large sundried tomatoes and a flat parmesean encrusted dough.  There hasn't been one time that I've visited Market and felt disappointed in portion size or my order.  I have such an appreciation for an establishment that takes pride in their food's ingredients, atmosphere and customer service methods.As for salads,  If you can take the 'heat' I would absolutely recommend the Arizona Salad.  The chipotle dressing, black beans, rice and tortilla crisps are a terrific blend of taste for your palette.  You will feel right at home here in the southwest with each and every bite.If you haven't already started your car or phoned in your order at Market, I'm 100% sure you are crazy.#BRAVO  (hashtagging seems appropriate here).
Sauce has grown on me... particularly this location since this is the one I frequently end up at for a quick lunch or casual dinner spot near home.I typically order chopped salads at lunch.  The chopped turkey & feta salad is what I had today.  I had them add asparagus, which was a great call if I may say so myself!  The large salad and fresh roll is the perfect lunch... fresh, filling, healthy enough, and pretty inexpensive when it comes to designer salads around town.  I also like the spinach, pancetta & goat cheese and the veggie & aged parmesan salads.  My husband eats at Sauce often as well... he goes for a salad or sandwich.  Last time we were there together, he had the salami, turkey, prosciutto & mozzarella panini.  I had a bite and was pleasantly surprised! It had a nice balance of thin sliced meat, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and tangy red wine vinegar in between two perfectly grilled pieces of bread.  The thin crust pizzas are pretty decent also.  Depending on your appetite, sharing a pizza and a salad with your companion can work out to be a satisfactory meal... What I like about Sauce the most? Fast, friendly, and efficient service in a clean and casual environment.  The moderate pricing is also a big plus in my book... especially in this economy.
The service here was awful, we waited patiently for over 15 minutes for our server to come by our table. Finally a hostess came by and noticed nobody was helping us and got us drinks. Another 15 minutes roll by and finally our server decides to make an appearance saying "have you guys decided yet on what you want?", uhh yeah!Overall, service was poor and food was just okay. Won't be going back.
It finally opened! The sign has been on the building for at least 3 seasons, maybe more, but the wait was worth it. We needed a breakfast spot in this central area sorely. The order system is like Pei Wei, line up and order at the counter get a number and sit down. Bad news, the wait was long, the good news, the food is great. I guess, I revealed that I'm impatient and want instant gratification. Thank God that they gave me a cup for coffee after we ordered and got our number to pin on the table on those "Alligator Clips". Every time I use those things, I flash back to the early 70's using those clips for that last toke that then gave the super munchies.Coffee, $2.50 a cup for a bottomless cup with plenty of choices and in a to go cup. Atmosphere.....very hip look, open ceilings, nice patio, great colors and great sayings on the wall to remind us of cool sayings to remember while we nosh. Breakfast came pretty quickly considering how many people were in the restaurant . I had a breakfast burrito that was plump and was plenty of food. I just hoped for more....maybe those alligator clips reminded me of the munchies of the 70's. Sandra had a cinnamon roll and although I thought it could have been bigger....she enjoyed and said "It was fine and filling".Saw several friends there, all overweight and they said the portions were very satisfying. This is stupid but I love it. The Dyson hand dryers in the bathroom. They are the best. I'll be back for more and they can earn that fifth star I'm sure.
This place used to be really good, but it just is not the same. The price is now the same as a sit down Mexican restaurant with real plates, and the food is microwaved and served like a fast food place. The things that are deep fried are greasy, and the things that are microwaved are tough. The prices just don't fit anymore, and that might be the location, and landlord problems. I miss the old day's  There is no way Maria Munoz would ever consider the way the food is made today. The food, while it is still good, is over priced and microwaved. Real sad, and the amount of people going there is in decline.
I really like this place. I spent 2 years in Honolulu and used to eat at this great little place in China Town. I have been craving that food since I got off the plane to move back to Phoenix. Well, I found China Chili and I am SO glad I did! The Honey Walnut Prawns are so  yummy! The fried rice and lo-mein noodles are smoky tasting, and hot out of the wok. Is it healthy? Maybe not. Is it non-greasy? Um... not really. Is it delicious when you're craving some really filling Chinese food? Yes. I wish it were closer to my place so I could have it more often, but I'm sure I'm sparing my waistline of more issues!
You know when you make a copy of the original and its not quite the same? Juts a little fuzzy around the edges, not as sharp but usable? That is how I felt at the new location of Market Bistro. Similar vibe that I enjoy at the original isn't quite as pulled together at this location. Maybe the lack of a lounging area or the weird particle board chic tables? Or the fact that every table was dirty except one by the blast furnace (front entrance).. maybe the grease dripping on the glass in front of the grill? No forks? I'm sorry if I sound like a banging on MB.. but these are things that can be improved on. The Mr and I shared a salad and a Cuban sandwich.. the control freak in me of course got off on the salad making.. this was probably the best salad Ive made to date.. you should be able to patent your creations! The Cuban sandwich was okay.. the ciabatta rolls are so thick and chewy that when you take a bite the toppings sort of fire out the back.. for a Cuban sandwich I think it had some sort of Asian spice, like cardemom?? Anyway, the Mr didn't like it at all. This being his first time he was confused as to why I went on and on until he took a bite of my patent pending salad, then it all made sense to him. The salads are just so complete and delicious!I look forward to coming again.. I just hope that they can make a perfect copy of the original or go for a different feel entirely.
Went there for my birthday .... Another quality insured restaurant, it is inside of Four Seasons, it cannot go wrong .... The restaurant is very classy with a nice and upscale environment .... and most of all with a very nice view to the phoenix area The service is definitely top-notch and food was excellence as well. Had the sea bass and the filet mignon .... both were yummy .... and customized birthday desert as well .... Will go back for a visit for sure ... Also if you are in Talavera, don't forget to grab a drink in the patio as well .... they have live music and watching the birds flying around the mountain (the resort is built into the mountain) was quite a view
I was one of a party of 13 for a birthday party on Saturday night.  Yep, I was odd man out again and in more ways than one as I will note in a bit.  We got started a bit after 7 and first we got our drinks and spent some time chatting and reading the menus.  Most of the folks there had been there several times before.  Everybody but me wanted pizza and wings so I ordered fettuccine Alfredo ($18.95) with salad and garlic knots.  I know it's un American not to be a fan of pizza and wings.  Their antipasta arrived and I sipped on my beer.  Then the pizzas came, then the wings followed by my pasta.  Somehow my order got separated from the rest and I had to ask for my salad and bread which finally came last.  The side salad wasn't earth shattering but was solid and the garlic knots were nice warm pieces of bread.  The pasta was delicious.  I mentioned I was not a fan of pizza or wings but I was coerced in to trying both a pepperoni pizza slice and a couple of Giovanni wings.  Both were really good, the pizza was a thin  crisp in spots crust.  The wings had none of the heat I normally associate with wings.  I had to take some of the pasta and bread home with me.  After dinner there was warm Zepellies and the birthday girl got this huge ice cream/brownie/whipped cream thing which her husband and I finished most of.  If you followed along, you will note I ate a lot of different stuff and I paid for it for several hours afterward.For a large party we got quite good service except for my salad arriving late.  I just had the one beer (25oz) but most of the women were there to get their drink on and amongst them had several different mixed drinks and with one exception (weak) all were done well.This is a big sprawling place with 2 bars and more TVs than I have seen outside of Vegas.  The original space which is sort of set off from the rest of the area has pool tables and darts.  There is a good sized outdoor area too.
I am not happy with the co worker who introduced me to Forefathers.  Do I really need another way to feed my addiction to cheesy, beefy goodness?  Of course I do!This small restaurant in a Tempe strip mall has earned a special place in my heart.  No, not just because of the artery-strengthening cheese.  It is home to the best cheesesteak I have experienced since moving to AZ.While the menu offers a variety of choices other than cheesesteak sandwiches (chicken and even *gasp!* salads), I stick with what I know and love:Regular with Cheez Wiz ($7.35) - bring your appetite, because this sandwich is big!  A generous portion of thinly sliced meat and that oh so important Cheez Wiz is nestled within a soft bun.  It is gooey, drippy and messy.  Perfect.  If Wiz is not for you, it is also offered with white American cheese, Provolone or Mozzarella.  While I prefer mine with just the basic meat and cheese, you healthy types can also get any combination of 'OMG' - onions, mushrooms and green peppers.Fries are a very nice compliment to the sandwich.  Let's be honest here, fries are a very nice compliment to nearly anything.  Forefathers' fries ($2.55) are hot, salty and crisp.  If you haven't gotten your fill of Wiz on your sandwich, you can turn those fries into Cheese Fries ($2.95).  Either way, be sure to grab a container of 'fry sauce' (I am guessing this is some blend of ketchup and mayo).  One taste and you will want to put this on everything.  Lucky for me and my cholesterol level, this gem is nowhere near where I live.
Finding this quaint location wasn't to hard... i like that there is a parking lot right north of the place... as well as street parking :) you walk in the place and wow... its a completely different atmosphere... low lighting but in a calming way rather than creepy... they have a DJ.. the music makes the setting but to be honest it was a little odd for my taste,,, Our waitress was very nice and helpful... automatically served us cucumber water... (which tastes amazing!!) and then asked for our drink orders ... a good waitress can seriously turn everything upside down or completely make your visit ya know... its a pet peeve of mine.. customer service... every table had a pink candle lit... pink lights hung above the chefs area... it was just so relaxing! the mirrors on the wall around this cool looking splatter painting... i was diggin it... everything on their menu is served as appetizers... which kinda sucks.. they are all at least 6-12 bucks at least ... from what i saw.. and the waitress said that they recommend for people to get at least 2-3 a piece.... wow, on top of drinks.. its kinda pricey to me.. good thing we shared everything... the lemongrass chicken (cant remember the full title) was amazing!! so good... the gyozo (dumplings) were alright.. a little too minty for my taste... we had this other thing where they bring you the hot stone and you cook your own meat... it was alright but the stone only stayed hot enough to cook the meat med rare... i don't like my meat to moo at me... so its was alright... but i prefer it well done... the beef wrapped in grape leaves.. well i was soo excited to try them.. but was sadly disappointed... they were so fiery hot (spicy) that i almost had tears in my eyes... never did it say on the menu .. SPICY... after a server came over and saw us gasping for water.. he filled us up and said, oh yea those are pretty spicy... wow good thing i had my TUMS lol over all The atmosphere was amazing..... the staff was fabulous... the food... eh... the menu is crap... if your gonna serve spicy food you should say its spicy! isn't that some sort of health hazard?! and its kinda on the pricey side... i think i would go back again... But i don't think i would opt to... there are alot more dishes i would like to try... maybe a different location would be better?
One of my favorite aspects of this Central Phoenix wine bar is that it is still somewhat "undiscovered," aka not teeming with hipsters and young professionals on a Thursday evening after work. It stays busy, but not jam packed. Their Happy Hour is great, nice $5 small plate options, and you must try their cherry lemon drop martini. Seriously delicious. Get a ride from someone, because you'll probably want another :) The decor is cool and they play French movies on a large screen in the back of the restaurant. I also have a special place in my heart for their awesome sweet potato fries! This place is a great option if you want a nice glass of wine and a bite to eat in Central Phoenix but don't want to brave the Postino crowds.
Even for meat eaters, Green has a lot to love. A lot more than just tofu! I go here at least a couple times a month for lunch and it's spectacular 95% of the time. A few of our favorite items are the BBQ "Chicken" sandwich, Thee Argentine sandwich, the crab puffs and of course, the Tsoynamis. Everything is fairly priced ($8 for a sandwich, $7.50 for a bowl w/ your choice or rice or noodles). The only thing I don't particularly care for is the buffalo wings as I think they are far too salty. The ranch that it comes with is fantastic, though. Also, if you get something with cheese make sure to use Daiya instead of Teese. Daiya tastes much better, in my opinion.The atmosphere is very artsy. There are always paintings for sale and there are a bunch of old car doors and hub caps over to one side. They just got a few booths which is fantastic if you want a little privacy. There is free wifi, a booshelf will all sorts of great reading, and the staff is always super friendly.Another great thing about Green is the vegan market. They have all sorts of great vegan foods and books for you to spoil yourself with. It's the only place I know of where you can find Teese, Food for Lovers Queso and Soy Curls. As an aside, I highly recommend Soy Curls as a healthy replacement to the meat in your fajitas or cheesesteaks.Another thing you absolutely must check out is their annual ThanksLIVING festival on Thanksgiving. They will load you up will all sorts of delicious and traditional Thankgsiving day food, veganized. "Turkey", stuffing, biscuits, brussels sprouts, asparagus, cranberry sauce, gravy, corn, pie and a drink. You'll get guest speakers, live music and local arts and crafts. Highly recommend.
Ohhhh, I like, I like!First of all, if you haven't seen Distrito, scope the photos on the website. High-five to the interior designer. From the gold glittery tables to the gumball wall, this place screams fun, energy, and overall a kick-ass atmosphere.I stayed at the Saguaro for five nights, so I had plenty of time to get my dinner (and breakfast!) on at Distrito. Actually, for dinner, I had room service but Distrito is where it came from. I was absolutely starving after a long plane ride, so I ordered the chicken tacos, guac, and a plantain appetizer, and it only took about 20 minutes to show up. Win.The chicken tacos were really, really good. Little corn tortillas, marinated chicken, slaw, radish, and a perfectly-sized slice of avocado. There were three of them and I could only eat two, but they were so well made. The plantain dish was also impressive, and had some black bean puree underneath that balanced out the sweetness of the plantains. The star of the show, however, was the guacamole. Tons of lime, zing, and flavor. I ate almost all of it and it was definitely worth it. Usually when I have guacamole it's just so-so and I have to add some spice, but this showed up completely perfect.When I had breakfast, things were also on point. They made me an egg white omelet with tons of vegetables inside, and my co-workers seemed to love other menu items like the pancakes and french toast, as well. If I lived in Scottsdale I'd definitely visit this place a time or two more. Consider me a fan!
Had to go into Scottsdale yet again, this time to the quaint Scottsdale Mall.  Well went there for a reason, after seeing Jewel of the Crown on PBS "Check Please", I was hungry for some Indian food. Monday night: not busy a couple people eating out on the patio, and a large Indian family eating there, seems like they were talking about the recent demise of Bin Laden and they had their children there eating and studying, so I imagine it was all owners family.  But they weren't annoying and well behaved.  Greeted immediately, felt welcomed and liked the look of the decor with a kind of strange old time piano music in the background, they served us some crispy, spicy rice (?) cracker with two sauces.  I really liked the taste of those.Ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (medium heat) and we also ordered, oh what is it called, chicken something with spinach, and garlic Nan bread.Chicken tikka masala was very nice, it came in a kind of pot that was still bubbling.  I like that, the only thing was I would have preferred more spice, so next time will go with hot and not medium.  The other dish was decent but could have used a bit more kick, but that was ordered mild so that was our error.Great iced tea, very refreshing and they kept it filled without asking.I wish I lived in this area, all the cool restaurants are in SCOTTSDALE!! Son of a mother, why is that the way it is?  Not fair.Anyways, enough about me, I would definitely go back, heck I would even go out of my way from Glendale to drive over and give it another try, it was definitely above average.  The food was hot and fresh, with nice ambiance and service.
For my hubby and I on a Saturday night Grimaldi's turned out to be pretty lame. The restaurant is decorated well and the hostess was friendly enough but the actual pizza was SOOOOO BORING. I seriously took a bite and wondered if I had missed the slice altogether. I will say I tasted a lot of garlic but that doesn't count for much when the pepporoni is bland and the sauce is useless. Now I'm a deep-dish girl at heart but I've had AMAZING thin slice at Classic Italian Pizza in Tempe. This place made me feel like I wasted my money and I woudn't ever want to bring anyone here including myself again!
I'm always on the lookout for cool places to bring out of town friends and this place seemed to fit the bill.  It's a sustainable farm that produces Arizona's only extra virgin olive oil.  I came in for lunch and as I pulled into the GRAVEL parking lot my stomach turned because I had expensive heels on and knew they were going to take a beating (I know, "waaah" right? But there are women out there that love their shoes as much as I do and will appreciate the heads-up).  Once I entered the Olive Mill I was delighted to see how adorably quaint it was inside.  The building was split in two, market on one side, bistro on the other with seating in between both and also outside.  The market had testers of all their products, great idea but the food testers didn't seem sanitary so I didn't try anything.  I ended up buying some awesome hand balm that I love.  They had a really great wine selection as well.  Alright so here's the bad part.  The entire time I was there, not one employee greeted me or cracked a smile.   There was one guy in particular that was going back and forth stocking shelves and was visibly annoyed by my presence.  When I went to order my sandwich, I remembered I got a free drink with my Yelp check-in.  The girl at the counter sighed and rolled her eyes as I scrambled through my purse to find my iphone and she said "forget it, I got it."  Their sandwich the "Kalamata" had its 15 seconds of fame on the food network so I was going to get that but opted for the "Lucca" at the last second because it has brie...I love brie more than I love most family members.  The sandwich was a disappointment.  All the ingredients were there but it was devoid of any flavor and I couldn't figure out why.  I probably won't be bringing any of my homies here but I will drop by to buy products, I fully support local businesses.
Matt's Big Breakfast is a wonderful place in the morning to feel the life of downtown Phoenix.  I have eaten there 5 times in the last year and each meal was worth the 10 to 20 minute wait out side on the sidewalk.  At 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, July 3, my wife Marie and I ventured downtown and decided to have breakfast out.  Matt's was on our mind.  We waited outside only 5 minutes before getting a table by the window next to the kitchen entry.  Busy place, but the service was great.  Quick with the coffee for Marie and ice tea for me.  Marie ordered an omelet with cheese and mushrooms, while I decided on the special, eggs benedict.  We both had the home fries. When everything arrived, the meal was very yummy.  Marie, in her delicate way, snarfed down her omelet with a smile.  My eggs benedict was on a fresh English muffin, topped with ham, poached eggs, and a yummy hollandaise sauce.  Calories be damned!The whole meal cost $22.53 + 4.00 tip.Yes the place is small and you'll most likely have a short wait for a table, but get over that, because the experience of eating good food prepared by great people is worth your time.
The message I received was drip is toast. I don't drink coffee... a terrible character fault, I know... but Gina and her partner are wonderful hosts and have made a cozy little space to serve delicious food and drinks (I get the chai tea with soy milk.) I like that computers are no where to be seen, only happy people eating and drinking and enjoying conversation. This is a lovely little place, a gem. I enjoy every visit. It is especially nice to bring new people in that haven't been before (so invite a friend to brunch because it is a nice surprise.) The service is great, the food is made fresh, and everything I've tried is delicious, even my five year old loved her nutella on toast. Good things come in small packages and toast illustrates this perfectly.
After living 2 blocks away for over a year, i finally took the jump and decided to deal with the long wait to try this place out.  Got there at 7:30 on a Tuesday night... 2.5 hour wait.  (To be expected, but still pretty ridiculous.)  Went next door to Bar Bianco, ordered a bottle of wine and patiently waited outside.  I think that the wait is part of the allure for people.  Also, after waiting hungry for 3 hours, the food becomes tastier because you are starving.  Finally get a table at 10:15.  Order the caprese salad and another bottle of wine.  The ingredients are very fresh.  The Mozz is excellent, the tomatoes are very very fresh and tasty and the basil was great as well.  The server didnt make any recommendations on wine or food.  A bit odd.  Given that the wait is 3 hours and that it's pricy for a pizza joint, you'd think that the service would be excellent.  Not at all the case.  This guy acts like everyone here is a regular.  The reality is that with 3 hour waits for a table, i don't have time to be a regular at this place. We ordered 2 pizzas to try.... Biancoverde and Wiseguy.  They were pretty good, again with good ingredients.  I wouldn't say it was the best pizza i've ever had, but very tasty.  Asked for some Balsamic to go with the Mozz and Tomatoes... had to ask the server 2 times, finally we snagged a food runner, she got it for us.  I shouldnt have to ask for something 3 times. I mean really, this place only has like 6 tables... pay attention to the guests.  I guess the moral here is that trying this place is all about the experience and saying that you've been there.  While Bianco is good you can go to Parlor or Cibo and get very good (comparable) pizza without a 3 hour wait.  Is it good, yes. Is it worth the wait, nope.
With a few hours past and a few tasks accomplished the next stop of my day would be at Pane Bianco - the sandwich shop from the Valley's most celebrated Chef, Chris Bianco.  Having made my pilgrimage to the eponymous pizzeria during my first trip to Phoenix, Pane had been on my radar since the day I moved to town but given the lunch-only hours and my office location in North Scottsdale I knew a weekend would be best and as luck would have it a new website (http://www.pizzeriabianco.com/) and seven day 11a-3p schedule had been rolled out just the week prior.Arriving at the surprisingly large space (especially when compared to Matt's and JoBot from earlier that day - and compared to Pizzeria Bianco as well) shortly after 11:30 and allocating parking in the free lot juxtaposing the Light Rail I debated for a moment whether dine-in or to-go was best and opting for the former made my way into the restaurant where two couples already sat.  Greeted by one of two servers it was suggested I could take "any seat I wanted" and opting for a bench in the center of the room where a menu awaited I sat down to browse the menu as well as the daily specials listed on the chalkboard - almost all sounding appealing, but a bit different than the Saturday special listed on the website.  With a small list of beverages available I was asked soon if I was ready to order or if I needed a few minutes I deferred and requested a glass of water that would never reach even half-empty despite me drinking from it consistently and the restaurant soon filling to capacity.Having debated the specials but eventually undeterred from the reason I'd come in the first place I soon placed my order for a sandwich and an 'appetizer' which I was told would be 'just a few minutes' and as while I waited I checked out the small market at the Take Away section featuring the famous focaccia, cans of tomatoes, dried pasta, and apparel before returning to my seat where my items would arrive shortly - the first a Manchego and Tomato Sauce Focaccia del Giorno featuring Bianco's delectable wood fired focaccia in all of its spongy glory topped with sweet, ripe tomatoes and an ample layer of briny Manchego; at $4.50 probably the most expensive "Grandma Slice" I've ever had yet at the same time also probably the best...or at least on par with that at DiFara in Brooklyn for best of its genre.Moving next to the original target of my desire, a sandwich of Bianco's House Made Mozzarella, Tomatoes, and Basil on Wood Fired Focaccia my first thought was "wow - that is a lot of cheese" while my second, after a bite, was "wow - that is a lot of flavor."  Perhaps as pure of a sandwich as you can find and the result of exquisite ingredients on top quality bread there is really nothing 'special' about the composition of this sandwich aside from the fact that it simply works - a largely unmanipulated masterpiece only improved by a touch of sea salt and cracked black pepper.Largely unaware on entering that Pane serves dessert it was with much delight that I realized soon after sitting down that three options were available that day and while the flourless chocolate cake I saw emerge from the kitchen to the table next to me looked quite nice there was simply no way I was passing up the Organic Vanilla Bean Rice Pudding with Candied Pecans - another simplistic stunner with creamy Arborio rice imbued with a rich vanilla custard flicked with whole vanilla beans and a few pecans for crunch.  Delicate and smooth, flavorful without being overly sweet, and *almost* thick enough to stand a spoon up straight it was not quite the best rice pudding I've ever had - but a top five contender without a shadow of a doubt - a reason in and of itself to return to Pane Bianco...though to be fair, if I returned it would take pretty spectacular daily specials to prevent me from ordering the exact same trio of items once again.  With Chris and his team now two for two it is only a matter of time before I make my way to Italian Restaurant... and honestly, that time is likely measured in hours and days as opposed to weeks and months.
Sundays are a good day to do, well, a whole lot of nothing.  After a successful day of avoiding anything useful or constructive, a friend and I decided to stop by for some Irish-style refreshments.  Located in what seems to be the World's Largest Strip Mall With Confusing Parking Lot, this is a very low-key enjoyable place.  It was not at all crowded on this particular afternoon, and as an added bonus, pints were Sunday bargain-priced at $3!  I tried my first ever Dirty Pear (Guinness on top of Ace Pear Cider) - dangerously good.  I wonder if it can be counted as a serving of fruit...You can't have an Irish bar without fish & chips, and theirs is pretty good - a large slab of lightly-battered fish which was more than enough for sharing, served with a stack of crisp french fries.  While I prefer thick-cut steak fries, these skinny ones were consumed with no problem whatsoever!  Thank you, Skeptical Chymist, for assisting me in my quest for non-productivity.
It's been a few months since I've been here, and what a change, not for the better. I usually get the same thing to start with, ceviche and pollo asado. Both are usually quite delicious, not this time.The ceviche had absolutely no flavor to it. As if the chef tried to make it as flavorless as possible. I did not finish it as it was not enjoyable in the least. Now for the tacos. Stale taco shells, dried and overcooked chicken, slopped on guac and no pico de gallo. The tacos were so bad I tried to rescue them by asking for pico de gallo, since they did not put any on, and then I was charged $1.00 extra. Of course, no manager was anywhere in sight. This place simply doesn't care. On the bright side, the margaritas and salsa are still good, but the chips were stale.Not only will I not return, but I can no longer recommend this place to businessmen from out of town. I see dozens of new business people every day who stay in Scottsdale and they always ask for Mexican food, and I've always said Cien Agaves. No more.
This place is one of the "dives in a strip mall" that seem so popular in this state. Today was not the first time that I have eaten here but, after reading some of the negative reviews, thought I would toss in my two cents..... I like to go here for lunch. They are prompt and the food is the perfect amount for lunch....maybe a bit too much. I am a creature of habit. Once I find that one thing that I love, I can't help but to run comparisons to other restaurants. Erawan has 2 items on it that I have to name as Best in Phoenix......Mint Chicken and their Tom Yum Gai soup. FYI, you can not get that soup on the weekends though. So, in short, this place is great for lunch and can't speak about how the service is any other time.
Decent gelato.  Some real, some artificial flavors.Comparable to Gelato Spot, I guess.Nowhere near the same league as Arlecchino, though. However, any place that doesn't use 100% real fruit, chocolate, etc... will never compare to Arlecchino.If you're already at Tempe Marketplace, MDG serves the purpose.
Durant's has that old, musty, dark, Mafia feel. Love the atmosphere and allure. We mainly sit at the bar, but have dined in. The happy hour specials are good, and we have tossed a few back here having great talks and enjoying the ambiance.Now for the bad: The food is overpriced for it's quality. The steaks look fatty, the salads wilted, and flavor pretty bland. It would probably be okay if we weren't looking at 20 plus dollars per entree. Back in the day, Durant's was very high end and elite, so I could see the pricing from that perspective. However, if they want to stay in the game, they need to keep the food up to par as well. 5 stars plus for ambiance, relaxation, a throw back feel, and great drinks! 1 star for food and food prices. However, a major landmark in Phoenix, so please check it out! We never know how long these staples will be around. I would just recommend going for drinks and maybe split an appetizer. It does ignite the "romantic mood" and will leave you reflecting on those "good old days".
When I left this place the bartender threw her fist up in the air and told me to go take on the world. How cool is that?I was impressed by how clean it was inside.  Plus they have craft beer on tap for $3.  Need I say more?
I first visited this restaurant after my friend pushed me to visit the Hawaiian festival at the Tempe Town Lake a few months ago."Big deal," I thought. "How can a Hawaiian festival be fun?"Well, the food was amazing. And after having half a rotisserie chicken, I was craving for more.A few days later, I finally began my search for the perfect (or near perfect) Hawaiian restaurant, in which I can satisfy my Hawaiian cravings.My first stop was Mai Island Grill, located in/near the Arizona State University campus. Parking was a bit of a challenge; this is especially true during the lunch hour.When I finally found a parking spot, I went in and ordered. I had the short ribs plate. The plates include one scoop of macaroni salad and steamed rice.After placing my order for the short ribs, I ordered the Spam musubi.The guy preparing food replied with a laugh."Is it good?" I askedJay -- the man who operates this restaurant -- replied, "Yes it's good." Then he said something about how the guy who laughs never laughs (or something like that).About 10 minutes later, my food was ready.The food was fantastic; just what I was looking for!The prices are very reasonable. Plates are about $10 and less.I also suggest that you try the fish, beef, grilled chicken, and pork katsu.And finally, I hope that this place continues to provide the same liberal portions. Also, I think it would be cool if Mai Island Grill began serving two scoops of macaroni salad and two scoops of rice (just a fantasy of mine).Additional Notes:- Cash Only.- Opens late in the morning and closes early in the afternoon (call for exact hours).- There never seems to be any "Lumpia!" :-/
The actual bar (especially the outdoor area) is really pleasant in the cooler months.  That being said its also near the university so can be overcrowded with snotty hipsters at times.  A good place to socialize with reasonable prices, and oysters, yum.
My first experience with PCG was at a small, yet fantastic Yelp event.  I've been back twice and have been just as impressed.The first time was for brunch, and I recommend the griddled corn cakes.  No, I just don't recommend them, I insist you have them.  Even if you are allergic to corn, take the plunge and try these...unless you might die, then stay away as that might be bad PR for PCG.  Topped with smoked ham (that's what I had), chicken, or bacon and served with maple syrup, it was beyond good.  I could eat this dish every day of my life.  The black beans were okay, but I do think the breakfast potatoes are nothing special and could be improved upon.  I was a big fan of a $4 mimosa, however!  Yep, you read that right...4 bucks!Second visit for dinner, and I ordered the cedar planked salmon.  A generous piece of fish perfectly cooked and served with a delicious lemon aioli.  The accompanying roasted beets were not my thing, and the mashed potatoes were okay (maybe I'm picky about potatoes?)  I also tried a bit of my dining companion's beef tenderloin and it was butter-knife tender (that's what I cut it with).  Served with a stuffed potato and mushrooms, I believe, it will most likely be my next entree.  For dessert, we shared the Jack Daniel's croissant bread pudding.  We actually shared half, and I most generously took the other half to my husband who I left at home.  Although, I generally don't care for bread pudding, this is NOT your typical bread pudding and probably the best bread pudding you can imagine (other than that one recipe that uses a dozen Krispy Kreme doughnuts).Although PCG is a little bit of a drive for me (outside my usual 5-mile maximum radius), I will happily make that drive and return again.
This is my favorite Sushi Spot in Phoenix. I see Sushi Chefs from other restaurants coming here to eat during their off time. =)The prices are very reasonable, and all of the rolls and sashimi are very fresh and crafted to perfection by the old timers.The Ramen Noodle Bowl is awesome, and nothing like what you would buy in the grocery store. It is topped with pork, fish cake, bamboo, and seaweed. I highly recommend.They even have a fried salmon skin roll, which was very flavorful and not always available at every establishment. I wish that i would have taken a picture of the last one that I purchased, it was absolutely perfect.They also offer Takoyaki, which is like an octopus dumpling ball. You would have no idea that it contained octopus unless you were familiar with the dish. these are absolutely amazing and highly addictive. You have to try these during your visit.The last time that I was there, I had to try the Ichigo Mochi Ice Cream. It was green tea ice cream, surrounded by a rice flour shell and topped with whipped cream. It really hit the spot and I was so full but in a happy and satisfying way.If you like Sushi, and you think that RA is cool, hit yourself on the head for being a complete fool and go check this place out and get schooled on what fresh authentic Sushi is all about. Your mouth will thank you for doing the right thing!Cheers and keep up the good work at the place.FYI... Bring your own Saki if you need booze with your meal. I say, just enjoy the good meal without alcohol and see how happy and relaxed the meal makes you feel.
China Garden is one of those places that I crave.  I use to live not far from here as I was going through high school and a few years after.  I now live in the surprise area but about every two months or so I go out of my way to China Garden for the yummy sesame chicken and teriyaki wings.  There sweet and sour pork is also something to be desired.  China Garden does Chinese food the way it was done in the late eighties and early nineties.  It's what I grew up knowing and came to love.  The sweet and sour pork has the wonderful breading and is left to soak in the sweet and sour sauce.  Chinese food by today's standards leaves me feeling bloated and disappointed so I pass it up more and more.   The only regret when I eat china garden is that it will be a while before I get to go back.The egg drop soup is also some of the best in the valley.  You have to go try it.I have been going here since 1994 and still love it.  P.S.they do take out and the portions are HUGE for the price
I Felt a sin coming on ....... if i could give 10 stars i would !!!!Let me set the scene for you of this Kazilicious Sunday night .....We enter through  a solid planked door set in the rear ...(oh yes thetruth is inside) candlelit passageway leads you into a sexy,sultrystone interior that is softened by the plush seating , dim lighting,wine barrels .. i give his hand a squeeze and smile because we havehit the mother load within this sinfully sexy speakeasy .The Tuscancolors coupled with the stone ..deep ,rich ,decadent !!! His hand onthe small of my back as we approach our seats as the intimacy andambiance takes hold .A bowl of olives, 3 cheese fondue with apple ,the Tuscany pizza....sexy damn noshes ..they know what they are doing here ..soft...firm....dip....bite ..yesssss SO beyond sexy here.....Oh and the wine ,nectar of the gods, sign of fertility , here in thissetting it is like Ambrosia ,and your inner God or Goddess will surelyblossom ,and romance will bloom ....It seems like thousands of labels here - we went with the  M.Chapoutier Le Sizeranne 98' ....Heady ,earthy ,smoky ,deep ,sweet andripe .the smell of currants and berries .lovely texture ,full bodied.....DIVINE ! let the flirting begin ..coy toying of the glass stem..sweet smiles ..love words escaping on a whisper  between sips.We spent around $200 ,worth every penny in my opinion .Prior to the Kaz , the Rokerij was just about the sexiest spot to mein the valley ...these two must share the crown .So to recap ; SEXY, SULTRY,SEDUCTIVE !!!!! posh,swank ...Good Service , lush wine selection ,yummy tidbits ...Ambiance up the wazoooo .A heady experience ..this is where lovers go ,a prelude to theinterlude of love !
Fun little place to just explore and TRY so many different samplings.    The staff was great and super friendly!  The lemon cupcakes were AMAZING!!!  Little tip:  buy a baguette to try all the great olive oils and tapenades
I went here with a party of 4 on Saturday night and it was surprisingly dead.  Not that that's a bad thing because I don't like crowds.  The place is pretty sheik but you still feel like you're in a hotel.  Service was fast and friendly but I think it was our waiter's first night or something.  He was very awkward but it was ok.I was pissed we couldn't get the happy hour menu/prices in the main dining room.  I know it is common practice for crowded places full of douchebags, but the bar and the main dining room were pretty empty so wtf?I'm a vodka guy and their vodka menu is pretty neat.  They have 8 or 9 unique vodkas from around the US and clearly list their name, where they are from and the price.  What I didn't like was their martinis.  Pretty much the worst I've ever had anywhere.  Tiny pours and full of ice chips.  It was like a vodka slushy (oh snap I think I just invented something!!!).Here is a rundown of the food:* bread to start - excellent...love the lightly buttered and salted top* tomato and mozzarella salad - excellent - one of the best i've ever had.  great dressing and ample balls of fresh mozzarella.* pretzel fondue - the pretzels were excellent but the fondue and mustard were no bueno.  the fondu was gritty and the mustard lacked the kick that I love on pretzels.* burger - pretty solid but nothing special* mac n' cheese with Shriner's sausage - very unique and very tasty.  it was worth having once but I wouldn't get it again.* tater tots - perfectly cooked.  salty/crunchy on the outside, fluffy on the inside.  The only thing that would have made these better is some type of aioli or other special dipping sauce other than ketchup.The main dishes of the other people in my party looked excellent.  I should have been more adventurous and gone with something more than a standard burger.  Maybe next time. I was going to give this place 3 stars but I just can't.  They try to think out of the box to create dishes that are unique, have fresh ingredients, and have a local twist.  I will return.
The hubs and I stroll through the indoor market when we are down at the farmer's market on the weekends.  They seem to have a good assortment of items, though the prices are quite high.  But I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt because they are a local business.  One morning we were at the farmer's market and decided to grab something for breakfast - its never a good idea to shop hungry :).  I got in line for coffee while the hubs ordered breakfast.  The coffee is fabulous!  I like my food simple - so when the hubs came back with an egg and cheese I wasn't looking for anything fancy (eggs, cheese, maybe a little butter, salt and pepper on some sort of bread product).  I quickly found out that this was some sort of a hipster egg and cheese. Lettuce on an egg and cheese?  Who does that?  There were also tomatoes, mustard and assorted spices.  I'm willing to admit that maybe its just me and my underdeveloped "simple" palette.  So if you are a hipster and you're hankering for an egg and cheese - this is your place. Regardless, be sure to get a cup of coffee, its awesome!
I went to Pei Wei last night for a casual girls' night dinner.  It was a perfect place for a group of girls to meet because of the following:-it's cheap-it's fast casual so each person pays their own bill and then sits down (no stress when the bill comes as is often the case with groups)-there is plenty to choose from on the menu-for those that are picky or dieting, they are great about special orders, sauce on the side, etc...That being said, Pei Wei is just average in my eyes; never my first choice of places to go, but I can always find something to eat... Last night I had the shrimp teriyaki bowl with brown rice.  The shrimp tasted like it came from the freezer (probably because it did), but the veggies, rice, and sauce were all pretty good.  I noticed they changed the menu a bit since my last visit, and a new 'special' is a Vietnamese Noodle Bowl - Pho type dish.  The chicken lettuce wraps and edamame are always safe bets and hopefully will remain on their menu forever.I'm sure I'll be back to Pei Wei because of the positive factors listed above - the concept is a good one, just don't compare it to a high end restaurant and enjoy it for what it is!PS - shout out to all the girls that came out last night - I had fun seeing all of you and can't wait for the next one!
Read al lthe hype, so decided to give Cyclo a try.  What a disappointment!  Portions were small and overpriced, owner thinks she's the next best thing to sliced bread.  She needs to go back to Vietnam to remember how real Vietnamese food is prepared.Give this place a miss.
I was in Phoenix for three weeks on a business trip and luckily found this spot on my 3rd day in town.  I ended up eating here 7 times in 21 days.  I brought my coworkers here, and they all ended up eating here at least 2-3 times.  It's just that good.So how good is it?  Lets just say that their tortilla soup was the only thing that could cure my horrible hangover after a long night in Scottsdale!I've eaten the fish tacos, fajitas, enchiladas, nachos, and tortilla soup.  All were exceptional!  They also bring out chips with salsa, as well as beans, which was a nice touch.The dining area is fairly small, but they do have an outside dining area as well.  The wait staff is very friendly, and they will get you drinks as soon as you sit down, which is something that more restaurants should do!  The food comes out very quickly, and they do have 2 TVs, one on either side of the dining room, which are usually tuned to a sporting event.I've been out of Phoenix for 3 months now and I miss Mi Pueblo!  I'll definitely be going back the next time that I'm in Phoenix!
Ok so us 5 hot chix got all dolled up for dinner at City Hall it was about 7 when we arrived on Saturday. The service was top notch from the get go starting with the valet. We were seated by a pleasant hostess in the large main room. Our waiter was an entertaining gentleman, that's one huge plus I have to say about Mastro's is they "usually" have seasoned wait staff they really know their product.They brought us the great basket of warm breads, we ordered bottled water for all and a bottle of some 06 Sauv Blanc that was mighty tasty. It was impossible to have an empty glass this night!Everyone had fillet's but me of course, I mainly had apps, side's, wine and desert ;) I did try the seared ahi tuna it was ok I wasn't too impressed with it though. Beefsteak tomato & mozz (see pics) very yummy! The creamed corn, sauteed asparagus and mash were all very good!! I couldn't talk anyone into the lobster mash or any caviar boohoo me. =(  Everyone loved their meal!!My g/f was coming back from the bathroom and missed a step or something somehow she lost her shoe but there was a busser or someone right behind her he picked it up for her and even put it back on for her! Now that is what I call 5 Star Service!!We had creme brle they served it with various fresh berries and a huge bowl of their fresh made whip cream yum-gasm's were had all around. While Mastro's is not my top choice since I am not a "Steakhouse kinda girl" it was all good stuff. They always play some  Michael Bubl and who doesn't just love him!?! It was about 3 bills total and we went home with doggy bags and full tummy's.P.S.  I had their sweet potato fries they were good but I like the ones at Fez better....just sayin. (O_o)
Trendy, Current, and a young 20s crowd. You know its trendy when you see all the waitress' in black fish net tights and short black dresses. You dine while they play a great music selection with lights all over! Its like eating at a lounge right before the place turns into a night club. Very city-like. Come for Happy hour!! I came here with 3 other classmates: Angela, Julie, and Natalie. When they said happy hour for sushi, I was thinking a low key place that was A-OK. I was completely wrong. This place is trendy and hip, which is unlike the suburbia of Mesa. During happy hour, my friend and I split the Calamari, Calamari Sushi Roll, chicken wings (6 pieces) and a Margarita, and it came out to $22. Not bad! I like the ambiance, and its definitely something I will be coming back to!
Let me first explain that we came to the place on a bad night...  Apparently, one of their regulars LITERALLY drank herself to death - spent a week in the hospital before whe finally died.  Instead of a funeral, her husband and family set up a memorial at her favorite bar...  The place was filled with long hugs and sobbing... all while the gal's husband was hammered and wobbled leaning on the end of the bar.  Sad, sad, sad, sad...... on SO many levels.........That said, we just tried to stay away from it all... and our server (Bobbi - hope I spelled it right) was really great in keeping happy, warm, and chatty.Ignoring the other patrons that night, then, this place is definitely a great little legit Irish pub (apparently the oldest in the Valley for you history nerds)!Firstly, they have all sorts of Irish food items (cottage pie, corned beef and cabbage, bangers and mash, beef stew, seafood, and they even have a boxty).  We tried a couple different things that were all tasty!Next, almost all of their beer taps are dedicates to Irish or UK beers (Guinness, Smithwick's, Harp, Kilkenny, Magner's, Newcastle, etc...)... and they know how to pour a stout!They didn't have live music that night (apparently, they normally have live Irish bands 6 nights a week)... but they played a great array of REAL Irish music the whole time!I read a couple reviews that claimed it's not an authentic Irish pub...... but I'm guessing these folks haven't spent a whole lot of time in Ireland?  Understand that ANY bar, in America, has to have cheeseburgers and chicken fingers - because you're not IN Ireland...  That said...... if a bar plays Irish music... has 7 of 10 taps dedicated to Irish and UK beers (with the other 3 Irish or UK STYLE like Killians, Kiltlifter, and Sam Adams)... has all SORTS of Irish food on the menu... real Irish signage (not shamrocks)... proper stout pours in two-parts... plays Irish sports on TV... supports the local Irish clubs..... what makes it NOT a legit Irish Pub?This place is about as legit Irish as you'll find in Arizona... and worth a visit!
UMMMMMMMM...can I just say that this place needs to get more action!  The pizzas here are FANTASTIC!!  I discovered this place because it opened above SACKS.  It is around the corner from my house and I am so thankful it is.  The whole restaurant is open...I wish it had a little more space, but that is ok.  First, the Tuscan Pie is to die for!!  It has prosciutto, Gorgonzola, apple, arugula, a fig marmalade and balsalmic vingerette reduction sauce drizzled on top...at least I think that is what it is...I need to check the menu...but anyways its FABULOUS!!!  I wish I could eat it everyday!  I tried their Moroccan Pizza before they took it off the menu and it was awesome too!  Every single salad is great and the wine and beer selection is great too!  The staff is so nice and friendly.  I get this to go all the time and bring it home...and I have shared this with my friends too.  I love good Italian pizza and its great!
I'm one of those people that loves frozen yogurt.  Anything that taste this great and is this guilt-free will get me every time.  The Golden Spoon has a variety of flavors of fro-yo, and each delicious flavor is only 88 calories per 4 ounces.  This is good news, my friends.On top of that, the price is very reasonable.  I got the mini (which is 4 ounces) and it rang up to $2.14.  When I compare it to Desert Swirl (your other choice of fro-yo on the Westside), this is extraordinarily more affordable.The service was not overly friendly, but just fine.  The ice cream chick was happy to give us some samples.I highly recommend the Heath flavored fro-yo.  Delicious.
You know how you poke fun at people who go to a steakhouse and they order something like chicken or seafood? I'm one of those people, but this time I teamed my seafood with STEAK!They had a prix fixe menu that carried over from their New Year's Eve dinner, but I skipped over that...I have to say, I loved my sirloin and 5 pieces of shrimp. Shrimp was done correctly - not rubbery or charred and *gasp* it was actually de-veined. I can't tell you how I've gone to nicer restaurants and their shrimp wasn't de-veined. So that alone got a little happy dance from me.Food was a bit on the salty side, but it didn't make me have a massive thirst craving when we left the restaurant. Server was friendly and knowledgeable, which was great!Hubby ordered his prime rib, but they didn't have it blue which was the way he wanted it. It's all good, they still brought him out some of the rarest prime rib I've seen in a long time...For an appetizer we ordered bacon wrapped scallops. I am a firm believer of 'bacon makes everything good!' and it did. The sauce that came with the dish was delicate and flavorful. The fresh rolls that came minutes before the entree was served were my favorite kind - light and fluffy on the inside while the outer layer had enough crunch that satisfied me, yet didn't make me feel like I was about to chip any teeth. ;)I can't wait to go back and try some of their other dishes!
leave it to corporate america to capitalize on a great idea (ipic) and roll it out, steamrolling everyone in the way...--book your seat in advance using the website (fandango's mobile site integration not working at the time of this review)I LOVE LOVE LOVE knowing that my seat is MINE, and if it isn't available, i'll just have to look for another showing--choose from either the exclusive cinema suites (think first class airline seat, and then some), or the more standard and rowdy "fork and screen"--efficient and hardworking servers and food runners.--the concept is excellent, but with declining food quality, it could die off quickly. why would i pay $8 for a (cracked) plastic bowl of popcorn? goddamit!#chicken wings gone south. they're the fatty and mushy "pump-me-full-of-antibiotics-while-i-stand-in-my-own-shit-while-the-steroids-grow-me-bigger-than-my-body-was-ever-going-to-grow-in-90-days-fee-lot-meat" SHIT "chicken"#that means they're cutting other corners too... yikes.#food often arrives "dead" cold. SEND IT BACK.#be careful to be specific when ordering; many items are similar and your server will assume.#effect of dining while you watch has literally put all the nearby restaurants out of business. the esplanade is a ghost townnote to lessees: always put a clause in your contract that competitors in the same property must be approed by you!HINT: push the service button between your seats as soon as you arrive, even if the server stops by to say he'll be right with you. the button starts a timer which sends an "all call" if someone doesn't reach you quickly.
One of the best local places to get your booze!BevMo has nothing on the charm, history, and liquor selection of a place like this! I am not into most beers or wines (of which they have plenty), rather I like to sample the odd/exotic Vodkas, Rums, and Tequillas.Sportmans is a good value, but certainly not discount -it is so worth the better exprience tho- This is a store to browse, ask questions and take your time exploring.Give Sportsmans a shot - and you'll say "No Mo BevMo!"
Lee's Sandwiches has always been a pleasant place to go since it opened in Chandler years ago. From what I remember it was cheap and delicious. When I went back today, I found it to be cheap in a different way, as well.I ordered the #17 (Jambon and Pork) on a croissant and a large thai iced tea with no ice. 2 items, $9. Not quite the Lee's I remembered. They called my number and I walked up to get my food. Croissant sandwich, check. No ice in my drink, check. Thai iced tea...half check. My large cup was only half full (not being optimistic). Quite literally half full. I picked up my cup and asked where the rest of my drink was and was told that I ordered no ice (well duh). I told him I didn't order "no drink" and he said he wouldn't give me what I paid for.Very very disappointed. The only thing that saved Lee's from 1 star was the delicious sandwich.Food - 4 starsCustomer service - no stars
Yum yum yum! Mexican food has to me my favorite type of food and Arriba is for sure at the top of my list for Mexican restaurants! This is a New Mexican style restaurant with lots of hatch green chilies in their dishes. You can also buy them fresh from here by the pound during the month of August. I have eaten here probably 30+ times and they are always consistent. The chips are always fresh and warm  they serve two different salsas as well as bean dip. All three are the bomb! My favorite item on the menu is the whitesands chimichanga. Do not order this though if you can't handle spicy stuff. but if you are like me, the spicier the better, then go with this! Everyday they have good lunch specials. I like to go on Thurs because they have chimis for $1.99. For an extra dollar they will smother it with the white sands sauce. What a deal! And on Sunday they have kids day with a clown that makes animal balloons. And best of all, kids eat free! And if your a beer drinker they have a microbrewery too. I'm not a beer drinker though so I can't tell you how good it is. But the margaritas are on point!
A burger? With anything I want? FINE....I'll do it.I need no convincing for a burger, fries and a coke (Thanks Carl's Jr.) Earleir this afternoon, after a heavy morning of househunting with a couple realtors, I decided to sit my fat backside at a table and eat. And eat well.I stumbled into the Five Guys at the Fashion Square mall. Not sure how long it's been open. Perhaps it was the grand opening?It was PACKED! But I digress.As soon as you get to this location in the food court of the mall, you'll realize that this is not your typical burger joint. They have their own seating separate from the mall-commoners. And their own bathrooms (CLEAN)You get to the counter and you see a sign telling you about the potatoes they are using for the fries you will be eating.Ordering your burger isnt a gong show. Fairly easy. All the toppings are listed and all toppings are FREE!My food was delicious. Got a burger with some of my favorite toppings: onions, tomatoes, etc. The fries reminded me of an experience I had back in high school, when I held a girls hand for the first time. Soft, perfect and lovely. That's how these fries felt. Ok that sounded weird. Tough.Oh, I forgot to mention that the soda fountains had COKE ZERO!! EFFING AWESOME! I MEAN THIS IS THE MOST DOPE SODA EVER!! (I'm really hoping this Kanye yelping phase ends soon, since my reviews make me seem like a bigger Jackass than I seem in person).Ultimately, I left this place happy, satisfied and I will come back again.Oh...the answer to the one question in everyone's mind? YES, BETTER THAN IN-N-OUT!
This is by far the best farmer's market I've been to in the Valley.  Still small by comparison to LA and the Bay Area but is off to a great start with lots of potential and space to grow into.McClendon has a great spread of high quality mainly organic produce and is constantly restocking so it's ok if you don't get there first thing.  It was exciting to see beautiful Tuscan kale and broccoli rabe at prices lower than Sprouts.  Meyer lemons and blood oranges were also available.Phoenician's outstanding loaves were only $3. You're welcome to sample - we particularly liked the Olive Walnut and Dark Chocolate Cherry.We enjoyed Digestif's Frittata ($4) made with thin layers of potato, eggs, pork belly and spinach.  Other combinations available were Dandelion with Goat Cheese and Mushrooms with Garlic Confit. Executive Chef Payton Curry is also there to demonstrate pulling fresh mozzarella which is served with a variety of sauces and toppings,It was fun walking around this bustling market sampling food, like tamales, which we intend to come back for next week.  If I can get myself out of bed at a decent hour on Sat, I'll be here for sure every week until the season ends in May.
"Buy Local Coffee" is what a sign out front of this establishment says.  So that's what I did.  I went to Copper Star Coffee to get my drink of choice, an iced coffee with cream.  I enjoyed the flavor.  It was better than Starbucks and quite a few cents cheaper.  SCORE!!!  I became a regular.  I stuck with my ice coffee for months but their bakecase was calling my name every time I would enter.  I found out Copper Star bakes their own pastries fresh daily.  Another SCORE!!!  No preservatives or high fructose corn syrup.  I started adding a scone with my iced coffee.  They have chocolate chip, lemon, blueberry, etc.  Delicious!!!  The apple sauce spice cake is now my favorite.  It is a vegan pastry.  It is flavorful and the glaze is so slight but fantastic.  Not a vegan by the way.  I have been slowly branching out among the Copper Star menu.  Try the Black Cherry Limeade.  The specialty coffee drinks are quite good too.  The blended toffee drink rocks.  The antioxidant smoothie is refreshing.  The other smoothies are okay.  They use syrup in those.  I don't know how healthy that makes them.  (Real fruit please).Let's talk about their sandwiches now shall we.  I have tried their sesame tuna, the curry chicken, the deviled egg salad, and the veggie.  All of them are winners.  You wont be disappointed.  Copper Star just unveiled there new sub sandwiches as well.  They use a local butcher's sausages for their subs.  Awesome.  Way to keep it in the community.-internet access-community board-art work-misters for the heat-water bowl for dogs-drive thru car hop service-frequent customer stamp cardThe Copper Star building is an old service station cleverly gutted out and made super cool.  The staff is great and they stick around.  Not a high turn over.  It must be a great place to work.Parking can be tricky.  The majority of the parking is on the street and the parked customer cars creep into the surrounding neighborhood.  You may have a little walk.  Big Woop!A must.  Check it out.
Absolutely gross-  I'm just going to be bluntly honest- who the F cares what the food tastes like when the place looks like a frickin' dump?  It was so disgustingly dirty inside. Besides food, paper, trash- resting among the carpet- the tables were dirty, the bathroom was out of service and I feared touching anything as I was led to my seat... that's a problem.I've actually never seen such a messy restaurant before. Let me also say that the restaurant was empty when we arrived, and was filthy when we walked in and was filthy when we left. Obviously no one that works at this restaurant cares about cleaning up between seatings. There's no excuse for a place to be disgusting like this. It's downright unsanitary. You serve food Valle Luna, you're a business Valle Luna- keep the place clean for heaven's sake.
Another disappointed visit.  I am starting to think this isn't a fluke and PB has lost it's magic touch.  We went for my wife's birthday around 4pm on a Wednesday.  We actually walked right in and sat down.  We were both shocked as the least amount of time we have ever waited was well over 3 hours.  The staff was more attentive on where we sat than giving us a genuine greeting even though the place was empty except two other tables.  We put in our order for a margherita with prosciutto, a wise guy, and a caprese salad.The bread came out cold with some oil to dip it in.  I can't remember if it was always cold but it would be nice if they threw it in the oven for 30 seconds before they serve it to you.  Next our pizzas came out and the margherita was missing the prosciutto.  Not a big deal.  Maybe he didn't hear me, maybe the cook didn't hear him?  My wife confirms I did request it and I'm not losing my mind.  The pizzas were good but lacking the usual special touch.  The crust was the best part which is not unusual but what was unusual was the rest was very lack luster.Even though the shop was dead our waiter never came back to us and was back behind the bar laughing and chatting with other staff members.  Finally a blonde woman asks if we would like our bill.  She brings it to us and when I give her my card I gently advise her they forgot my prosciutto and it's on the bill.  Another guy brings the bill back for me to sign.  The 6 dollar prosciutto is still on it.  I inform him that there was no prosciutto and I told the other woman but it's still here.  I don't know if she thought I was just making small talk or what but I sure am not paying 6 bones for some sliced ham that wasn't even on my pizza.  He took care of it.Here's the deal.  I don't know if it's because I didn't wait 3-5 hours to eat or if it's just falling apart without Chef Bianco but PB has definitely lost it's way and is quickly losing the legacy he created whether they want to acknowledge it or not.  I used to think the staff was short and slightly rude because of how busy it was and dealing with upset starving customers brings them down but now I know that is not the case.  They are just not good at what they do and have been there getting away with it for too long.  Just because PB is famous and Chef Bianco is world renown doesn't mean you are.  The dough is good enough to come back for but there is simply no way I would ever wait in line to eat here again.If you read my previous review you will see I am not a PB hater and actually was a huge advocate.  I guess all good things really do come to an end.
So we finally decided to give Cibo another chance and I'm so glad we did!I love love love their patio. It's very cute and romantic especially with all the lights wrapped around the trees. The heaters keep you warm on a chilly night and it's much quieter than their indoor space. This place is a great date spot. We both had the Prosciutto Cruda pizza and had wanted to try the burrata, but unfortunately they'd been out of it for the last week so we ordered the bruschetta instead. Our waiter also recommended the Valpolicella Ripasso, which was ok, but it was a little light for our tastes. The pizza was really good (the fresh ingredients really come through), but we weren't the biggest fans of the crust. I like something more substantial and airy. But  for a thin crust pizza it wasn't soggy at all. A big plus! The bruschetta was also ok (don't get me wrong I still ate all of it and would order it again), but each bite just needs a little more of a punch. Service was great and we met Karen, the owner, before we left and she is a doll. We had a much better experience this time around and we will certainly be back.
Our fearless Critical Mass organizer arranged with Cycle for us to end our May ride at that establishment.  I was excited, because Cycle purports to be a pro-bicycle bar/restaurant.  We rolled up, all excited.  There were ample bike racks for our nearly 100 riders.  However, when we entered the hotel, we were brusquely directed to the bar entrance.  Having been to the restaurant before, I wandered out to check the dining room.  I was immediately turned back at the entrance and told the dining room was "reservations only."Well, the bar has maybe 5 tables, and there were nearly 100 riders.  People who have just completed a 10-mile+ bike ride want to eat, drink, and be seated, not stand 5 deep in a bar line and then stand around holding their drinks.  We were not even sure we'd be able to order food.  We left almost immediately and went across the street to Portlands.  Right after we'd ordered, we saw another group of bikers headed to Carly's.It's not like Cycle didn't know we were coming.  If you know 100 people are coming to your venue, don't you think you'd prepare to welcome them and encourage them to spend freely?  Lame.
On a recent visit to Arizona, my mother and I ventured into this store. Neither of us had stepped foot in it before, even though she lives a mile away. The aisles are broken out by cuisine, and the selection was awesome.  I was particularly surprised by the Holland, Dutch, Brazilian, and British aisle, in market classified as Asian. Very unexpected. I bet they would be more business if they boasted to be more international. I really liked this place, but the word needs to get out about Lee Lee's.  If more people shop, they will restock their shelves more often, and most items won't be so close to their expiration date. Final points:- check expiration dates before purchasing- Generally clean but the shelved items needed to be dusted and straightened, especially the aisle with dishes. They were all over the place and had to hunt for matching bowls.  It's a market, not a dollar store- If you can get past the initial fish smell, you won't be disappointed.
What can I say that hasn't already been said about the food, or the view? I know, I'll share the best part about my amazing birthday dinner at Elements -- meeting Executive Chef Beau Macmillian. He didn't duck away when we made eye contact in the hallway, instead he broke away from his staff and came right up and introduced himself. He was so incredibly personable. He could have easily ignored us. I'm sure he's approached on a regular basis now that he's such a TV personality. But instead, he chatted us up and he talked about how he was so inspired by Asian food and how he wanted to bring that influence into his food and to Arizona. Before we knew it he was taking us in to see the latest renovations to Elements' kitchen! He proudly showed off the latest upgrades. Sure, there were new gadgets, but he even included skylights because his sous chefs said they hated never seeing the light of day. How cool is that?And to be revealed next month is an expansion to the kitchen that includes a table for 12 INSIDE the kitchen. Not a new concept for restaurants, but something Chef Macmillian is so excited about. There's no doubt that the food that he cranks out can be intimidating, but his latest endeavor speaks to his desire of having his guests witness the artistry behind the kitchen doors. This new addition promises to give you a full sensory experience BEFORE the plate even reaches your table -  from seeing, smelling and hearing what's happening in the kitchen to finally tasting the finished product. Talk about mouth watering.    Here's hoping that I will one day get to sit at that table.
I would give this place NO STARS but Yelp! wants me to give at least one. I went here with my boyfriend last night for dinner and next to our awful Bucca di Beppo (Scottsdale) experience, I have to say, this one is on my list of MOST TERRIBLE restaurant experiences. The service was so bad, we didn't even get to try the food! True Yelper that I am, I did my homework before suggesting that we come here for dinner. I saw all the reviews about the "bad service" , but I paid more attention to the "Cheap" and  "Delicious Pho" reviews because after all, you can't knock it til you've tried it. Yes, the place looks as divey as any food dive gets, yes the place isn't as clean as it probably can be, but hey, all the best pho I've  had (Da Vang, Khai Hoan, Pho Thanh) has been from some of the diviest pho spots in town.  I was excited. It was around 6pm and the place wasn't busy (there were 5 other customers besides us, and 3 of them were on their way out), so we went ahead and sat ourselves down. The server gave us menus, and made her way back behind the cash register. After looking over the menu for less than 2 minutes (I usually go for the spring rolls + everything pho whenever I visit a new spot), we were ready to order. I tried to make eye contact with our server but she seemed to be preoccupied with laughing and talking with the pre-teen sitting behind the counter with her. I finally made eye contact with her, she looked at me and I looked at her, and she turned back to her conversation. For the next 15 minutes I tried to get her attention to alert her that we were ready to order - no luck. But then I noticed that both her and the girl she was talking to were looking over at us and laughing, occasionally pointing in our direction and laughing some more. I wasn't about to give up because I was determined to try some of their well-reviewed food, but after a quarter of an hour spent trying to get their attention with them just laughing and pointing at us, my boyfriend and I had enough. The way they treated us was disrespectful and humiliating, so we walked out and drove across town to another Vietnamese restaurant. We are never going back to this restaurant, and I suggest you don't either. Just as it isn't acceptable for customers to be rude to restaurant staff, it also isn't okay for restaurant staff to be blatantly rude to customers who have not done anything to deserve bad treatment. We did not deserve the type of treatment we got at this restaurant and I am seriously fuming with anger as I write this review. I don't care how delicious and cheap your food is, you cannot use that as an excuse to make customers who come in feel like somehow they are undeserving individuals. Thanks, but no thanks, Pho House. I don't need to feel disrespected and belittled just so I can try your cheap Vietnamese food. I have plenty of Vietnamese friends who have moms who can probably cook better than you can and will treat us a million times better than your staff did last night.
Carlsbad Tavern is my favorite Mexican restaurant. I love the dark and cozy atmosphere inside and I love that they have Hoegaarden on tap.. I've had the machaca burrito and fish tacos here and both dishes were amazing. They serve New Mexico cuisine here. The only difference I noticed is they are big on green chile and use black beans instead of refried beans. I have a lot of friends from New Mexico and they all love this restaurant. The food here is delicious and flavorful if you don't live in the neighborhood it's definitely worth the drive.
Wine, booze and cigars. And friendly staff. There's not much else that needs to be said. Oh and great prices.The selection and prices they offer are great. The aisles are wide and clearly marked. The cigar room has a great selection as well and the prices are low.
An upscale mexican restaurant in the area seemed like the best thing to have happened to me. I planned my visit for a quieter evening, and reviewed the menu again and again. However, upon our arrival I thought twice immediately. The parking was iffy, and the place didn't seem to stand up to the signage. Perhaps the art was not to my liking, honestly not a piece stands out in my memory. We were seated immediately. Our waiter seemed a little off, not to mention the fact that he was insanely snobby and seemed to be moonlighting in the kitchen, where he disappeared for 10-15 minutes at a time. He did not fill our soft drinks once without being first flagged down (those of you who have experienced the close quarters will understand how ridiculous this is). Halfway through waiting for our food (which took 45 minutes, easily), the lamp above our table went out. We sat in the dark for a good 5 minutes before they even noticed. Which was actually a nice change of scenery from the boring beige walls. When the food finally arrived, we were too tired (due to having finished an entire bottle of wine) so we left. Unfortunately, we took our grub with us.I had some sort of mixed seafood entree with chorizo and a creamy sauce. It's no coincidence you're taken aback by the combination... it didn't go down too easily. Having dropped 90 dollars on the meal, though, we felt compelled to finish as much as we could stand. Normally I would make sure I got the name of the dish right, but since I am recommending that you not go there, why bother?
So, not following my own advice (ahem, NEVER RETURN), I returned here for a friend's birthday dinner a few months ago (I super love this person so how could I say no?). HA! Big mistake. Also, fair warning: there are several-a-CAPS-LOCK ahead.The only pleasant thing about the evening was the reservation and seating were right on time for our large group (15 people). And of course because we were celebrating a super special person.I'll keep this update short and sweet:$3 for a CAN OF SODA? Get real. I knew it'd be overpriced but I was at least expecting a mini bottle or something. But a can? COME ON. You bought that in bulk and paid .03342 cents for it. FAIL.Your servers: IDIOTS. First it takes our server 15 minutes to come around the first time and take drink orders. Then she's back another 15 minutes after that taking the orders again. Did you forget? Were you not paying attention the first time we around? Why did it take 30 minutes just to order drinks? And on top of that we wait another 15 to receive them. FORTY-FIVE MINUTES TO RECEIVE DRINKS IS BAD. Very, very bad. Also, not taking food orders until after we've been seated for ONE HOUR is BAD. VERY, VERY BAD. Seated at 8 o'clock, we didn't receive our food until almost TEN O'CLOCK. TWO HOURS FOR FOOD IS VERY, VERY BAD. Do you hear that, St. Francis? BAD.Because I loathed the place even before this lovely birthday dinner, and because the thought of supporting such an establishment makes my blood boil, I ordered only dessert and the hubs ordered an appetizer (and add on a $3 can soda). Funny, that our bill was still nearly $30 for the both of us. Excluding tip. BAD.Also, server: If you say you're not going to split a check, stick to your word or don't even try. Now, I'M glad you didn't stick to your stingy "I don't split checks", because I could foresee the mess of trying to split a $700 bill with 13 people I didn't know so well. Lucky for us, when we told you we were leaving early and asked for our check, you split it for us. A couple others caught on and did the same, but the remaining 7-8 people were not so lucky. Because I realize my short and sweet is not so short anymore (or sweet, for that matter), I'm ending it here. NOTE TO SELF: heed own advice and stay away from St. Francis!
SOOOOOOOOO MUCH FUN! The 3 of us went to Superstition Farm for their tour last Saturday. No, we didn't have any kids with us but we may have had a better time than most of the kids.The beginning is a bit dry. You're in the "classroom" for a while learning about random facts related to diary cows.  Moo.  After that, it's a hay ride.  Girls, let me give you one tip - Make sure you wear long pants or shorts that are long.  Hay is very uncomfortable under your butt if there isn't enough padding.  Anyway, the hay ride was entertaining but the best part had yet to come.Once the hayride was over, the "tour" was officially over.  But everyone stuck around to check out the petting zoo. The animals were all so friendly and we got to feed them as well.  There was a hodgepodge of creatures from a young cow to sheep to rabbits and even a turkey.  Yum...just kidding.In addition, there's a black lab on the premise that was amazing.  This dog would make an incredible soccer player.  His reaction time is unbelievable - any team would be happy to have him as a goalie.After the animal bonding, we went to try flavored milk.  Mine was butterscotch flavored and it was just ok.  I was disappointed that the milk wasn't fresh from the farm but I guess it's not legal to serve unprocessed milk.  Since we had a Groupon, we also had a chance to try Udder Delights ice cream. At $2.50 each, I would never pay for them individually. But seeing that it was included in my "deal," we enjoyed them a lot.Don't be embarrassed if you don't have kids.  Trust me, adults can enjoy Superstition Farm too.
Love love love this place.  Tasty with great prices... who can beat that?  My newest thing is to order a gyro-to-go and enjoy it at home.  I'm a mom now so eating at a restaurant is a lot harder than it used to be. hahaSee ya there!
Wood fired pizzas, scrumptious pasta dishes and bacon wrapped shrimp.  How can you go wrong with a place that wraps things in bacon.  C'mon, even  veggies admit that things wrapped in bacon are good!  Has a smokey atmosphere and a slight bar crowd but the food is outstanding.
I give this location no love.  We went to this one rather than the one uptown on a Saturday night with a voucher from another location from a bad sushi upchuck experience.  Going late at night with a mostly empty restaurant, we still ended up waiting 10 minutes to be sat, then SHOVED and I mean shoved in next to the only other table in the place - the hostess snickered at me when I kindly asked to move a single table down (really sick of bitchy hostesses in Scottsdale by the way - your job is not that hard so shut up and color for christs sake)  Our waitress took another 10 minutes just to greet us, sushi took forever, and if you can believe it the fun hadnt even begun yet.  When paying the bill, we present the voucher to the waitress, who says she cant take it.  The manager came over with a bitchy look, basically trying to call it bull shyt and continued to give us the 5th degree about it for the next few minutes - certainly NOT appreciated.  She takes it to the point where she calls the other location where we got it (taking ANOTHER 10 minutes) and finally gives us our bill back - only taking off our 2 rolls and 2 nigiri.  This created one pissed off yelper instantaneously.Don't bother with this location - you could find bomb shrapnel in your soup and they still wouldnt give a damn.  And for the sake of all that is holy - STOP WITH THE CRAZY I'M-TOO-SEXY-FOR-MYSELF SCENE!  YOU'RE NOT THAT COOL!
Seriously the best 3am quesadilla I have ever had.  It was big and gooey, with just enough browning on the outside of the tortilla to make it a little bit crisp.  As an added bonus it was kind of cold outside, so it made a great hand warmer as well.  Why only 3 stars?  OK, you do have to sit on some questionable outside picnic tables and I don't want to think about how clean the kitchen may or may not be, but the entertainment value of watching tipsy people stumble around while waiting for their food can't be beat.
They get 2 stars, for the pickles. So I'm from Jersey and was very happy to see all the NYC/Jersey stuff in this place.  The walls were covered in things from my state so I figured they know a thing or two about real NYC pastrami.  I was very wrong!This had to be the worst pastrami I have ever had! What's with the places in this area advertising themselves as either being a NY style deli or NY style pizza? I mean, I know we're the most awesome people in the country and our food is the best, but don't say you're like us unless you really are! Maybe if you've never had the real thing, you think this is quality? This sucks giant donkey balls and I'm sorry I ever tried it!Really, instead of spending all that time trying to make your place look like Jersey and NYC, spend that time practicing making good food.  That, not decor, gets you good reviews!  If you're from the East coast and looking for authentic NYC food, avoid this place. They also claim their bagels are just like NY...yea, I won't be trying those!
I'm completely impressed by The Mission and I can't wait to go back and try more of their amazing food.  My husband and I chose The Mission for our 8th Anniversary dinner and had a wonderful time - the staff is extraordinarily knowledgeable and very warm & welcoming.  Yelp steered us in the right direction as per usual, so we split the cheese plate with manchego to start, the pork shoulder tacos for dinner and split a pumpkin bread pudding for dessert.  Everything was expertly prepared and delicious.  The bread pudding was EASILY the best I've ever had.  We usually don't order desserts and I'm glad we did, because I can't stop thinking about how amazing this was.  My husband had an Avocado Margarita and an Estrella beer (Awesome that they have this available - and it was even served in an Estrella glass - impressive).  Since I'm pregnant, I asked if the bartender could make me a virgin version of their "Sophia Loren" with fresh strawberries & mint - score!  It was delicious and I'll certainly be back to try it with the proper amount of booze :)  Lastly, how amazing is that Himalayan Salt Brick wall????  I NEED this in my house!
I went to Tuck last night because of the reviews on here, and I loved it.  It really is tucked away and all the better.  It feels even more special.  We had the panini bites, dates stuffed with chorizo, and the citrus brined fried chicken with white cheddar waffles.  Not your greasy comfort food here.  Everything was delicious and I can't wait to go back and try more.
I noticed the sign for Shakey Jake's before it even opened. I waited paitiently for it to wait... I love barbeque! :) When it finally opened, my mom and I tried to get some grub there when we walked up, the cutest little boy came out of the resturant and told us they were close and would be open again tomorrow. We left disappointed but still wanted to give Jake's a try.Over a month later, we finally did get a chance to do just that.We entered Shakey Jakes and saw a nice, new & clean place. There was a large counter, and several red t-shirt wearing workers dishing up what looked & smelled like yummy barbeque. We waited in line and were handed menus. The walkways were narrow and left a small amount of space to sit. We were feeling the scrunch! We then sat down with our menus and chose our meals.I went back to the register & was disappointed in the fact that they didn't have any more MacNCheese and there was some miscommunication when it came to my mom's order. I thought it came with Fries... and it didn't, it comes with a side dish. My mom wanted Cole Slaw AND fries... instead I accidentily ordred JUST cole slaw... but they charged me an extra fee for the cole slaw... so really, I just got screwed out of a side dish and it was pretty much downhill from there.I didn't see the lil baskets of utensils and lids and straws on top of the very tall deli case. I had to take our recipt and the cups and I pourd our drinks and sat down. The TVs were SO damned loud we were shouting at eachother. I wanted to scream "can you PLEASE turn that down?!" My mom had to use the rest room and I told her she needed a key, which I learned from a previous review.Anyway, finally our food came and our order number was called and I got up thinking I had to bring it to the table, when their server told me to sit down and that she'd bring it to us... ummm... okay? but as she did, she told us that the utensils were by the register. WTF?! ARGHHH!! I was JUST there!! It was ackward, uncomfortable, annoying and frustrating.So i got up AGAIN, if I could have just picked up my own order, I could have also gotten my utensils in one big graceful swoop. I THINK the owners need to give out those lil numbers for their tables, think Carl's Jr. So there's no more confusion. AND give out those lil bags with utensils, napkin, salt & pepper packets. Because I'm 5'6" and I had to get on my TIPPY Toes to see what the hell was in those baskets! Also, I ordered two medium sodas, and none of their lids fit. They were TOO small or TOO large!The cashier was really nice, but the smaller things made this place intolerable. I couldn't walk to our table without hitting EACH and every single table and chair... ugh, that's the last thing I need. a reminder that maybe having yet another meal out is the LAST thing I should be subjecting my body to.I sat down and looked at my plate, the fuck?! I ordered pork ribs, and they gave me beef. I looked at the recipt and it said... beef. *harsh sigh* lucky for them, they both cost the same! I remembered reading their sign underneith the cashier that said they'd be happy to help you out if there's anything wrong with your order IF the food was untouched and IF you still had your recipt. sooooo... because the cashier hit beef instead of pork and I paid - I was screwed.Choosing to just go with it, I opened up my side dishes and the yams were good. nothing great, but still good. The cole slaw was way too sweet for me. The corn bread was good!! The highlight of the meal! their cornbread is better than LoLo's! There I said it! I just wish Shakey Jake's would make theirs bigger. The ribs were VERY good, they had a serious smoke ring and the sauce had a nice bite to it. My mom didn't care for her sandwich, she said there wasn't enough sauce and that the meat was very fatty. She liked the yams and the coleslaw. We both agreed that the peach cobbler was YUMMY! I just wish they baked it longer.When we left, I was full and not as aggravated like I was before. I do want to give Shakey Jake's another chance (maybe without my mom). To my yelpers, if you go - be sure the check your recipt, get your utensils right after you order & expect a server to bring your food when it's done.
Cozy, cute and yes, a little claustraphobic...Coronado Cafe. Perhaps the latter adjective is my own issue, but at 5 foot  9 inches I felt REALLY tall. An adorable little home, with creaky wooden floors transformed into a comfortable cafe with approachable American fare. After navigating the dicey, sandy, lumpy parking lot I accidentally entered the kitchen door. My bad. I was redirected to another door and entered through the rear. Yikes did I  just say I entered through the rear? Anyway a lovely staff person told me to go to the front and check in. Meandering through the cafe I really did find it lovely. Very neat, old yet modern and strangely very loud. It was a booming lunch crowd on a Monday. Taking Mom and Dad out for a Mother's Day lunch. We waited a few minutes for a table and were constantly being said hello to and asked if we've been helped by a friendly, friendly staff. Shout out to the staff! The menu, while not especially inventive, seemed fresh and yummy. The soup of the day was a tortilla soup with its own stamp on it. No tortilla strips atop the cup, yet and especially flavorful soup, creamy with a twinge of tanginess to it. Mom and I both had the turkey sandwich with cranberrry sauce. HUGE mother of a sandwich. I always wonder about the big sandwich because you cannot possible bite into it without making a mess. Not a strike against them, cuz it was very good, bread was fresh and turkey seemed unprocessed. Dad ordered the ham and cheese, but stripped away all the interesting flavors, because, well, because he's a dad and likes the meat and potato type menu. Dessert was a wonderful and decedent brownie with ice cream, chocolate and caramel sauces. Very good. Brownie was more like a cake though. Again, no complaint, cuz it was dee-lish. Service was so great I have to say. Friendly, professional and fun. I like the idea of eating in an old house. The contrast of old Phoenix with striking photography of modern New York strewn about the rooms was quite cool. I recommend a visit. I'm craving the tortilla soup and would love to try other items on the menu. Most importantly it was a wonderful way to hang with mom and dad (who ventured in from Sun City in their mini van, navigating the Central Ave. mess, God Bless 'em) and we truly had a good experience. Coronado Cafe. Cute. Cozy. Comfortable. And in the end, not so claustraphobic.
There are few things I cannot stand more than eating out for pizza-by-the-slice. Those are: slices so big they contain an entire days worth of calories and charging additional for traditional toppings. While I understand the appeal of this centralized pizza joint -- a slice is 1/4 the pizza itself. The crust is a couple inches high and the pizza itself is barely 1/4 inch. I had cheese and while cheese pizza isn't remarkable as is, the slice I had here was considerably unimpressive.We paid $9.31 for 2 slices and a 20 oz beverage. What also put me off to this place was the cold staff and multiple things did not seem to be working right while there -- including their ice machine and their sound system (cut on and off). I was also not impressed how, never truly hearing of Sal's before, the employee made it seem like a chain of few. Go to their website and you will realize otherwise. This location is franchised.I will not return (unless I am not paying). Instead, I will take a jab at one of the other multiple fast food options on that corner.
Awesome Saturday breakfast buffet (until 11am). I wanted a resort style brunch setting to treat my folks too while they were in town. The service here is impeccable as are the grounds, which deserve a good walking through after you gorge yourself on heaps of fresh fruit, pastries, bacon and eggs. Located in central Scottsdale.
I had very high expectations for The Breakfast Joynt because so many gave it 5 stars, which means "As good as it gets, Woohoo!" according to Yelp.  My experience didn't live up to that but I'm willing to give them another try.This location was formerly a bar that was transformed into a breakfast restaurant.  The actual bar is still there, with a flat panel TV in the middle, but surprisingly the shelves are still empty all the way up to the ceiling.  They've only been there around 6 months, so maybe this will change as they settle into the location.  It has a very clean, upscale feel to it - something not out of place in North Scottsdale.  It's also easy to find once you're off the 101 onto Raintree, and then north on Northsight... it's on the right and shares parking with Gold's Gym that is easily seen from the road.I found the eggs to be good, and recommend steering towards the omelet choices.  Being from the South, it wasn't thrilling that the biscuits were somewhat small and square shaped, almost like a little dinner roll.  They have their own style (and they've informed me that they are homemade) but I was looking for something more substantial to be smothered in sausage gravy.  The pancakes were not served hot with the other food items, and they seemed to have settled and were somewhat chewy and elastic.Menu was rather straightforward and clear with sectioned boxes, with a nice highlight of their featured stuffed apple pancake.  I thought the description of "ham that falls off the bone" was repeated far too many times.Prices were very reasonable for Scottsdale.  The fresh squeezed orange juice was excellent.  Owners are very concerned about customers with less than a stellar dining experience, so I'll be sure to give the Breakfast Joynt another try with friends and family.
I always have good time at this place.  I could write a page about Geisha, but the previous reviews pretty much sum this place up.      *   Self servicing bathrooms (Ladies only)     *   Fantastic Happy Hour pricing- The veggie pot stickers are the bomb!    *   Hot waitresses ... barely of age to serve you alcohol =)    *   Private karaoke rooms that allow you to humiliate yourself in front of your friends onlyThe only thing I would steer clear of is the specialty drinks they are overly sweet and are not made with fresh fruit... even when they say they are. The waitress cleared that up for me last weekend =).
I've got to hand it to Smart & Final for providing some incredibly economic pricing options for both name brand products and supplies. It's worth a visit to save some big bucks by shopping here. This is one of my go-to stops for party supplies like plates, cups, napkins, water, etc. Think of Smart & Final like the Dollar Store meets Costco.
I have been to the Freddy's location in Gilbert several times and really enjoyed it so when I saw a Freddy's had opened in my "hood" I was excited.  My daughter and I went over for some dessert and they did not dissappoint!  The custard was smooth and creamy with lots of toppings to choose from.  I have not tried the burgers at this location yet but if they are anything like the other location they will be very tasty.  And don't forget to try the shoestring fries.  I usually like thicker fries but these are nice and crispy and delicious!  I'm so glad Freddy's took over this location.
Took Mom for dinner Monday night. This was the second time I took her here, and it'll be the last! Guess Tapino just isn't for her. Out of the three small plates we shared, she only enjoyed the lamb kabob over quinoa ($9). It was the second-best dish of the three I enjoyed.I'd wanted to try a glass of rose ($7), since Mom is a fan, but she was "too tired" to have wine, so I'll have to bookmark that for next visit. We started w/ the butternut squash ravioli w/ sage butter ($8; mmm... I adore brown butter and sage... My Mom, however, doesn't). I appreciated the sweet creaminess of the squash puree against the slight toothiness of the ravioli. The sage butter added just enough salt to the dish, while the toasted candied pecan bits on top added impeccable crunch! How I wished I had all three pieces! (She ate one and didn't even enjoy it! How infuriating! LOL)The second dish we tried was the baked escargots w/ butter, parsley, lemon, and puff pastry ($7). Compared to the multi-faceted ravioli dish, this was a bit disappointing. While I enjoyed the textures that the snails and crunchy puff pastry offered (TOO crunchy, if you ask me! Those babies were bordering on hard! Where's the "puff?," I ask.), the butter and parsley treatment fell flat. Mom again only had one. I believe there were 6 total. Don't misunderstand- I still ate all the rest... I was hungry!! :DLast, but not the least, came the skewer of lamb kabob (3 pcs; $9) w/ bell peppers and onions, served over cold saffron quinoa w/ cucumber sauce (served on the side).  Thankfully, the lamb pieces were savory enough not to have needed the sauce. Loved the quinoa.Check out the photos I took... I'll have to take a photo of the ravioli on my next visit!
Here's an update, because the buffet is out at lunchtime only now, with a regular menu at dinnertime:This old place continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley, after 1 1/2 years & many visits.  It's friendly, inexpensive, peaceful & comfortable (even with lots of customers), & always satisfying.This time I started with a delicious bowl of Menudo, a nice salad & several kinds of fresh fruit, tasty Cole Slaw, & then headed for the Mexican hot table.  Had some Spanish Rice, refried beans, a beef taquito, an excellent beef tamale (hand made, not some fast-food thing pretending to be a tamale!), & more, but saving room for some Chinese.The tasty treats over at the Chinese hot table included TERRIFIC, big, meaty barbecued pork ribs, really good & crispy Sweet & Sour Pork (Hey Iain!), just-right fried rice, a steamed veggies dish in fish juice that included such treats as Chinese Snow Peas, all cooked just enough, & so on.What a great lunch for $5.59!
First off I would like to punch the dip Shit on the food network who said this was the best chicken he ever ate. Yeah the place is filthy, but how they operate their business is redicolus. Service sucks, 49 minute wait for the food sucks, waiting 20 minutes from the first  entree being dropped off until the last person luckily receives their food sucks, being told on the 59th minute of a hour wait for your food, that they are out of your side dishes, sucks, spending my hard earned money at a place that is Ass backwards in any kind of business sense, sucks. At first our group thought it was a joke, then the reverse racism theory was brought up, then we noticed that every table was experiencing the same lack of service. Black, white, purple,orange. They just sucked.
More a comment than a review. Suffice it to say, I L-O-V-E this store! Much to my surprise and delight they are opening a second store at 75th and Cactus! Right in my own backyard , don't ya know. Woo hoo! Now all we need for the NW valley is Lee's sandwiches, and a solid dim sum joint to complete my favorite Asian trifecta!!
It hurts me to say this, fue to the fact that I love local businesses in my hood and I fully support them, but here is another restaurant that I wish would have been better...Good news...More restaurants opening in Downtown, more options especially late night options...Bad news...More restaurants opening in Downtown wanting to make a quick buck but does not deliver on food and quality...I came here with a couple of friends really excited to try the only sushi restaurant in DT open for dinner.  There has been some good review on the place and I wanted to give it a chance...I should have gone north to Hana or Yasu!Walking in, I noticed the decor was another warehouse looking restaurant trying to be modern...only thing is , its not.  From the neon lights under bar to the wood paneling to the tin like tables, chairs, and barstools...its been done 30 times over.  I wish it had more character, a little bit more distinctive.  We are in the art district.  I don't want to walk in a restaurant that looks similar to ones that are already open in the same area?  Okay enough with that, the artist in me is rambling again..sorry..back to the "food" review.Food:  The menu to me was a little confusing.  For being a Sushi joint, it had so many other things also, mostly stirfry items.  I decided to stick to what I came here to try, sushi.  I ordered squid salad to start.  I should not have ordered that to start.  The salad was so salty and it was drowning in dressing...bad start...I then ordered some sashimi including saba, sweet shrimp, and of course my favorite toro.  I was a little disappointed that they did not have uni..how can you not have uni! Saba...not bad...Sweet Shrimp....foul tastingToro.....couldn't even bite through itA good sushi joint has to have fresh fish...good sushi needs to be executed by a sushi chef with good knife skills...simple as that..When your fish is not that fresh and your sushi chef fish slicing techniques are not there, you have a losing combo.My friend out of frustration had the head chef make us something...He brought out the geisha roll.Spicy tuna is not my thing but out of courtesy, we did ask him to pick, I tried it..it was ok, again I am not too keen on chopped up tuna, which in this case tasted like it was food processed.  A little too mushy..Drinks:Beers: Been done.  Infused vodkas: Been done Cocktails: Been done.Good Points:  Nice staff, cool Teapots, and clean restroomsAll in all, I guess I was hoping for a sushi joint that was more innovative and creative with equally good skills to execute.  Maybe I am too harsh.  Or maybe I am just saying it how it is...As I left the joint, I felt like I have been to a sushi restaurant like that so many times before...Hopefully they will succeed with less critical customers unlike myself..best of luck!!
This place is as good as I'd heard.  We came here for a day-late birthday dinner for my middle daughter/Father's Day dinner for her husband.  She and his six-year old daughter ordered a Hawaiian style with pineapple and ham, he and I  got the Margherita Pizza with garlic, tomatoes, olive oil, fresh basil, mozzarella, and romano cheese.  Both were so delicious!  He also got some chicken wings which were tender and juicy and not spicy at all, dipped in either of two great sauces, ranch or marinara.  The pizza's were about $13 each for the larges.  I usually have no problem quitting after two slices but the  flavor squishing around in my mouth was so good I couldn't resist taking a third piece at this place. The decor was pretty and the service was great--the server checked back several times to see if we were doing okay or needed anything. I would definitely be a regular if I lived near here.  On a side note, next door is the Aloha Kitchen which we had eaten at about a week ago and was also very good!62010
Bleh! I've heard good things about this place from my sister's friends (notice, I didn't say "my" friends) and I've always been curious.  Errand days are kinda ho-hum anyway, so I was excited to finally check this place out.  The reason I order a doughnut that is stripped off glaze and topping is that I'd  like to taste the actual product. Two doughnuts for my little guy and me for $1.60.  As the girl handed me the paper bag I was extra careful handling it for nothing.  Cold doughnuts?  Am I just so used to piping hot beignets?    Right off the first bite, I could feel the cheap hydrogenated oils coating the roof of my mouth.  Then the second bite, the feeling is now in my throat.  Eeek!  I asked my son what he thought.  "It's okay,"  he stared at the doughnut and looked up at me.  I grab his doughnut and along with mine threw both in the paper bag it came with and chucked it.   Honestly, it would have been better to fry these sinful things in lard.  There is something about chemically laden food that I despise most!Would I give it a second chance?  Not until they change their frying oil!Sorry, Bosa.  One star is for the nice service and the other star is for being a local chain.
The new, old El Chorro Lodge has been reopened for all of two days, and a friend of a friend managed to secure a reservation during their soft opening, so I got an opportunity to check it out.  I was impressed, but not blown away.  Everything I tasted was quite competent, but if I had to choose a word to describe the menu, I would suggest "staid."  Perhaps even "stodgy," but that may be more harsh than I intend.Review the dinner menu.  http://bit.ly/aWqVVJ.  There, see what I mean?  Replete with Traditional American entrees and sides, at what I would consider fairly exorbitant prices.  I would say that I wouldn't go back to eat this food at these prices, unless someone else was paying.  I should note that a big part of why I wasn't impressed is because this place is simply not my style.  The wait staff, attired in khakis and blue shirts, was a little too informal for the prices we were paying, I felt.  The menu options were a little boring for my taste.  The cocktail menu is exactly not what I'm looking for these days, although I will be very interested to see what Happy Hour looks like.  The decor is a tad heavy on the Old Southwest theme, although to be fair, this place not only pulls it off rather stylishly but also is among the most authentically old and southwestern establishments in the Phoenix metro area.  The patio and open bar are fantastic.  The bar area is considerable, and the patio is palatial - up above Lincoln Dr enough to be fairly quiet, with a gorgeous view of Camelback, sunset here must be incredible.  Anyway, back to the food.  Everything was very well executed, from the sticky buns we were served upon being seated to the desserts we ordered.  I chose the soup of the day to start, a tomato/basil concoction that was quite hearty and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The salads my dining companions ate looked boring to me, but they all claimed them to be excellent, with "the best Caesar dressing ever" and "polenta croutons?!?" being the verdict for the Caesar salad, at least.  On to the entrees.  I ordered the crispy duck, which I found to be delicious and quite hearty, though not what I would call crispy by any means.  It was a very sizable portion, and very well prepared.  My dining companions ordered the pork chop, the lamb, and the salmon, and we each sampled from each other's plates.  I would try the lamb if I went back, but the consensus seemed to be that everything was very well prepared, with the duck being a winner.  It was served with a heap of mushy sweet potatoes (just like my mom makes at Thanksgiving - delicious!) and red cabbage, which I sampled and declined to finish.  Again, not quite my style.  We moved on to dessert - sticky bread pudding with a bourbon glaze and the warm chocolate cake.  The bread pudding was a winner at the first two or three bites, but grew one-dimensional as I continued nibbling at it.  The chocolate cake was decadent, among the best I've ever tasted.  It was clearly made with a considerable amount of dark chocolate, which seals the deal for me.  And in case you were wondering, my dining companions apparently have no stamina when it comes to dessert.  Suckers.  Anyway, as I've said now several times, this place is just not quite me.  It's totally classy and very high in quality, but not quite adventurous enough for my taste.  I'd love to come back for brunch, and once they unveil their happy hour menu, I'm sure I'll be back to check it out, but I won't be back for dinner unless I can convince someone else to pick up the check at the end of the evening.  As a side note, this place is so very Paradise Valley.  It's a welcome relief knowing that there is a place that is so anti-scene out there.  It's been a little while since I've been both the youngest and among the poorest in a room, and I will say it was a little comforting.  Just don't tell the Scottsdale people about this place, and we'll all be happy.
Being from Sweden you just like salmon and at Le Chalet you can get a delicous Nordique Crepe with salmon! Never had anything like that in Sweden! Besides the great crepe and friendly service from the owner Alain Keller I was also treated to a laughing experience. They have a comedy show twice a month. Great place to eat and have a nice relaxed evening!
This place looks cool inside and has a fun vibe.  First the downsides: menu can actually be a little overwhelming, you get the impression the staff is overworked/crazy busy (how long does it take to make tea?) to the point where if there are more than four people ahead of you in line, you want to shoot yourself.  Unless you have nowhere to be, ever.  Upsides: huge selection, fairly helpful staff (paralyzing indecision?  that's what they're there for), ambiance, coolness factor.  I need to try the food here.
Who's got the munchies!!!!! Friday and Saturday nights till 3 am, Mrs. White's is servin' up some yummy munchies including Fried Zucchini around $3 and entrees for $13.  I had to have their fried chicken , pork chop and some gravy and rice at 12am! The fried chicken was cooked perfectly.  The skin is crispy and tasty.  The meat moist and tasty.  The portions are huge and you will not go home hungry.  The staff is friendly and helpful; always a pleasure to talk to them.  Skip Filibertos or Jack n' Box after the party..movie..concert..and go to Mrs. White's!
I don't expect much when grabbing lunch at a mall, but I expect better than this.  The seaweed salad was a generic overly soy tasting disappointment, the rainbow roll was barely worth eating - the shrimp on the roll tasted fishy, the fish was mealy-textured, and the rich was soft and too sticky.  The yellow tail roll suffered from the same, and we luckily were cautious enough not to try sashimi.  The miso soup was served barely like warm.  The tea was served barely luke warm. That was when we finally got service, which took a veritable eternity.  Tea refills?  Good luck on getting someone's attention for that.The inside is a dismal, cavernous sport-bar/pool hall sort of feel.  Basically no redeeming features here.
Had lunch with my Husband here today, we sat outside, it was gorgeous weather, the food is really Great, good variety, of ethnic foods !!!  Not bad for the price !!!
Love this little frozen yogurt paradise!!  I like Golden Spoon, but this place is definitely a notch above.  The toppings bar alone is a reason to check it out.....can you say Fruity Pebbles anyone? How awesome is that???I like the fact that you choose how much or little you want in whatever combos you crave.  The flavors are also really yummy, and they always have a good variety.  It's a great place to take kids, as they tend to like anything interactive like this. I'm so happy I live close & plan on coming lots as the weather heats up.
This place used to be amazing.  My favorite memories of past years is going to this seafood place with my parents.  It's not the same anymore.We went for my wife's 30th birthday.  My dad decided to join us.  My wife ordered steak and shrimp, my dad ordered steak, I ordered a crab stuffed lobster.  I have had the crab stuffed lobster many times before.  I was craving it.We got our appetizer's.  Dad got snails, wife and I shared steamers.  My dad was happy with the snails.  But then again, how can you go wrong with snails doused in garlic and butter?  The steamers were steamed little neck clams in a garlic broth.  It was not long neck clams like the rest of the world calls steamers.  I wasn't about to argue with the server that these are the wrong clams.The food came and for the first time in my life I was asking the server to take back my meal before I even tried it.  It looked dry and over cooked.  I told the server I've had this dish many times before and this is not the way it's supposed to be.  He told me this is what it's supposed to look like and begged me to try it.  I took one bite and I couldn't even swallow it because it was so dry.  Of course the server was gone by this point and didn't come back for 10 minutes to ask me how it was.While I was waiting for the server to return, I told my family I was just going to get the steak.  They just shook their head and told me not to.  I took one bite of my dad's steak and spat it out.  How do you screw up steak this bad?  It tasted like beef jerky and butter.  My dad and wife would have complained too, but it's my wife's birthday and I am already stealing her thunder.  I swapped my meal out for a steamed lobster.  How do you screw up a steamed 1 1/2 lobster?  Fortunately, that came out fine.So we left hungry and $300 poorer.  I used to not mind paying the money they charged but now, it is not worth it.  I am really hoping people stop coming here so they can just close down.
Abridged: I'm gonna be real with you. I am not in love with Pizzeria Bianco, and had I actually had to wait in line, this rating would probably be lower. My group was lucky enough to receive the last table without any wait.Maybe it was the fact that it's hard to impress me with pizza. Maybe it was a fluke that won't happen again. At least that's what everyone keeps telling me. But honestly, I just wasn't that impressed with the $19 pizza I received. Sadly, the leftovers I took home ended up being tossed because I was afraid to try it again. I've been worried about writing this for awhile (it's been sitting here unfinished for nearly a year), but in the end, my opinions haven't changed, and I sit here, still scared to return. If someone dragged me there again, or had a party there or something, I'd probably give it another shot, as I hate to write off any place after a single trip, but I honestly felt just eh about the whole thing. Thankfully none of my visiting out of town guests have cried for me to take them there.
The Montelucia Resort is home to Crave Cafe, and the fact that I was blown away by how beautiful the resort is has nothing to do with how impressed I was with Crave.What are you craving at the moment?  Perhaps a cup of coffee?  a scoop of gelato?  an empanada? gourmet pastry?  homemade tomato soup?  perhaps a panini sandwich filled with turkey, cheese,  grilled eggplant, and cranberry compote? red wine? magazine? fresh fruit? Diet Coke?Whatever your 'crave-ing' - Crave has it all!In addition to pretty much anything your heart desires, Crave also has an extremely friendly staff and offers limited seating (in and outside) with gorgeous views of Camelback mountain.After a full tour of the resort, we were hungry for lunch and decided to have a quick bite at Crave... We shared a sandwich, slice of quiche, and tomato soup - all of it was delicious!  I am sure I'll be craving a return trip to the Montelucia sometime soon, and when I do, I'm sure I'll pop into Crave for whatever I need at that time.
This place really hits the spot.  It's everything a hamburger place should be and nothing it shouldn't.  Their burgers are good-sized and delicious.  I attribute their scrumptiousness to the bread in the buns, but their meat is phenomenal as well; add some cheese and green chiles, and it's like a bunch of awesome ingredients decided to get together to take part in creating one of the best burgers in town with a little help from the grill.  The fries are effing good too.The pitchers of beer are cheap and cold, and if you want to feed your inner hipster they also have bottles of PBR and cans of Schlitz.  Not a lot to feast the eyes on - the place has a real old-school "bar" feel - but the food compensates for what it may lack in elegance.
I could remember Tokyo Expresses were everywhere in the valley.  I loved their food.  I was surprise to see them around and excited to eat the food again.  We entered the place and it smelled like bleach.  STRONG.  It is ok.  We move to the menu and ordering area.  Everyone picked out their meal.  Ordered and sat down.  We got our food pretty quickly.  I got the Katsu Chicken meal (side sui may and drink).  The sauce in the Katsu was kinda of bland.  I remember the sauce was savory.  The sui may, I am sure was the pre-made frozen kind.  I was hungry so I ate it.
If you have never been before you should really try harder... Your mother taught you better than that. Go and buy a smoked pecan paleta.
A dark night in a city that knows how to keep its secrets. But on the 12th floor of the Acme building, one man is trying to find the answers to life's persistent questions: Guy Noir, Private Eye. (THEME) It was a night in November. November 23rd in fact. I remember the date because it was my birthday. The snow birds that had started to flock from their summer homes had long since retired for the evening and the godfearing people of Phoenix had closed shop. My two lovely companions and I were looking for a place to fill our bellies. Like moths to a flame we were attracted to a dim light coming from a dark parking lot. We exited the car."Are you going to Mama Mia's?"A beautiful petite girl with the kind of body men write home about stepped out of the shadows. I was going wherever she took me.We were led through the kind of kitchen you only see in mob movies. I wasn't going to ask what they put in the sausage.We stepped in and figured out our toppings. Trying to figure out toppings for one pizza between three people you may as well be figuring out cold fusion with a box of toothpicks and some masking tape. But with the plethora of options I felt like I had a bag of bananas in a monkey whore house and we narrowed it to basil and fresh tomato.The pizza was exactly what a tired and famished private eye like myself needed on a night like this.Man working  register- "Is that a wig?"Jetta-" Yeah its a wig."We left the pizza joint as happy as a twister in a trailer park.Jetta- "I am so getting a weave." (THEME MUSIC) A dark night in the city that knows how to keep its secrets, but a light shines on the 12th floor of the Acme Building -- Guy Noir, Private Eye?. (THEME UP AND OUT)
Not impressed, loud atmosphere, bland overpriced sandwiches. 10 employees behind the counter and no clean tables. How many people does it take to make a sandwich? More like the employees are just here to hang out with each other than work.
Hot Breakfast..........NOT, Again cold food when it supposed to be hot....people beware of this over price place and lack of care for the customer it seems that this is the way of doing business.*** Again a nice place to visit but DO NOT EAT HERE.*** And DO NOT CARE!
The food wasn't phenomenal but it was very good. The service was excellent. The decor was very cool. A good experience. Great selection of wines by the glass. Very pleasant experience.
Clich Central. Style without substance can be summed up in their cheese plate: pineapple, melon, grapes, herbed chevre, Babybel minis (they even leave the wax on for ya) and cubes of pepper jack and colby jack served with sesame crackers.  I can't make this gold up.  They serve a lot of "martinis" as the name implies, very few of which actually contains the ingredients for a proper martini.  But then again, now that I've described the cheese plate, this should come as no surprise.  If you, dear reader, decide to open a bar, it's really quite simple.  Get everyone drunk, quickly, and hire bathroom attendants willing to squirt soap into your customers' hands.  Oh hell no, we're not in a recession.  The Ferrari up front was paid in cash, I'm quite sure.  And that woman over there? 100% real.  Ok that degraded fairly quickly.  Like my evening.  If you strip everything away and look at it for what it is, Blue Martini is stylish spot to get drunk in an attempt to forget reality.  If that's your thing, and want to feel better about your age, check it out.
Woohoo is right. My hubby and I have gone a few times for happy hour and always enjoyed ourselves. Last night was the best so far. We were enjoying a few Left Hands and ordered the Tuesday night pizza special. It was 2 for 1 basically so we each ordered our fave. Apparently the GM thought my pizza was too done so he brought out the " burnt" one and already had another one cooking. I actually like my pizza that way but hey, I could understand where he was coming from. The second pizza was beautiful, a work of art. My husband's pie was great, all he kept saying was how great the crust was. I wil definitely bring all my friends and clients here. Special service too!  thanks again to Dan the general manager and our delicious server Reina ( sorry there isn't a better word,is there?)            Linda and Ron
I went here for dinner last night with a group and we had excellent service. The specialty drinks were yummy and were a deal! My favorite (out of two I had tried) was the ketel-one pineapple martini! My sister had a house salad, the dressing tasted homemade, and the croutons were nice and crunchy! I had the Positano Steak Sandwich which was great, my only complaint it was a little too salty, and the fries (and I love fries) were tasty! Other people had the lasagna and they loved it. My sister had the baby back ribs and loved them. If you're looking for a pub-like restaurant that has good prices, pretty tasty food (with a good variety of items on the menu), and excellent cocktails, Keegan's is your place!
This place is everything a sports bar should be. Lots and lots of TV's...for one. I love being able to watch 4 different sports and play trivia all at the same time.The drink specials are pretty decent. They're not a dollar or anything, but the big beers are cheap on happy hour.The food is great! So far I've only tried the spinach dip, wings and their all-you-can-eat fish & chips. All of them were seriously delicious! These types of food are pretty standard in sports bars but I've definitely had my fair share of unfortunate food items from other places. These certainly surpassed my expectations.And last but not least, their star of the show, Debbie. One of the best bartenders I've ever seen. She runs that bar like a champ, knows nearly every face that walks through that door, and pours great drinks. And by great, I mean a good stiff drink that's not so strong that you can't taste anything else in it.We frequent this place quite often, and for good reason. Do yourself a favor and stop in!
Totally sufficient for a few rounds of pool or darts while keeping an eye on the 67 tv screens they have mounted on the walls.Just stick to the cheap pitchers of domestic beer. I ordered a rum and coke and it tasted like cleaning products. I would come back, but only if I didn't feel like driving all the way to Lucky Break in Tempe.
Calling all Vegans, Gluten Free's, Vegetarians and those who enjoy eating healthy. Nourish is probably your Garden of Eden. Hidden within the Optima, Nourish is a health food fan's paradise. The environment is fresh and clean and so is the food. Upon walking inside, I noticed how calm and refreshing the restaurant was. Everyone had the same calm attitude and I could tell that this is a restaurant you visit to relax and still feel healthy when you leave. The menu is detailed but not overwhelming. The only overwhelming part was trying to decipher what each icon indicated and soon I learned that most of the food is gluten free, vegan, vegetarian or some other food lifestyle other than carnivore. But, for those not following an alternative food lifestyle, it's still incredibly tasty and makes me rethink my cuisine decisions! Nourish serves breakfast all day (bonus) as well as lunch. It's a great brunch spot. The eggs Benedict is spot on. I can't tell what sort of herb or tweak they add to the hollaindase sauce but it doesn't taste like your typical eggs benedict. Their breakfast sandwich is tasty as well but a little bit more on the dry (and healthy) side. Their ingredients are fresh as is their produce. If they push the cinnamon roll on you it's because it's like a cinnamon god's protege and worth every calorie consumed. Plus it's flowing with frosting. Nourish has a great patio for dining as well as spacious seating inside, but the patio is covered enough that even on a hot day it's comfortable to sit outside. So in summary, Nourish is a good choice if you're looking for a healthy meal that will fill you up. I will absolutely be back and I can't wait to try some of the lunch items that looks tasty. Note: Be sure to check the times before visiting Nourish. I was surprised to find out that they open at 11:00 on Saturdays but 9:00 on Sundays.
I'll go easy because they just opened this location.1)  The onion ring batter won't stay on the onion.  The onion was a bit raw too.  Try soaking the rings for 24 hours in buttermilk.  Then coat twice.  Season the flour with garlic and pepper.  Works for me!2)  The happy hour menu is weak!.  Pretty much chips and snacks type stuff.  Nothing good like sliders etc.3)  The kids mac & cheese is out of a box.  Really guys?  It takes two seconds to make mac  & cheese from scratch.  Go to allrecipes.com if you need help.4)  The burger meat is good in flavor but the burger lacks seasoning.5)  The menu is way too big.  A scaled down menu with better quality would be better.6)  The nachos are nasty with that queso cheese.  People love traditional nachos.  Stack them high and layer them with cheddar.  all the toppings.  You are a sports bar.7)  IMO.. drop all of the steaks etc from the menu.  You're a sports bar.  Leave that to Mastros and Flemings.  People want GOOD bar food in a sports bar.Bottom line....  love the atmosphere, food is OK, beer was cold, price is a little high for what you get, menu is too big, quality of food is OK.  What would I do?  Interview a new fresh Chef to bring in some changes.  Good luck.  I'll stop by again for a happy hour and give you another try.  Cheers.
I got 3 strikes at Verde, hence...I'm out! Strike 1: Not very vegetarian friendly. Strike 2: They have all the necessary items to make nachos, but when asked if they would make me nachos I got a very quick and blunt "NO". Strike 3: When forced to order a meat dish and request they not include the meat (the most EXPENSIVE ingredient) not only did they make no attempt to substitute the meat with maybe beans, or guac, or extra cheese, they still charged full price! I don't want to eat meat and I sure don't want to pay for it. And as far as the food, well, they got that part right, for a place that serves fine fast food, when you ask me how my meal was, my response would be "Fine".
Amanda B organized a UYE for Dim Sum here today.  They do Dim Sum from a menu instead of carts and it works really well.  They also have a picture menu to look at with many of the items on it so folks like me can have a better idea what to order just by picking the picture of stuff they liked on a prior trip.  We were pretty much the only folks there for quite a while and we had the full attention of the staff.  Not all of the staff is fluent in English but I can only recall that being a problem with the tea.  I liked my choices a bit better this time, experience helps, and Marian H was helping me with sauce pairings as there were several to choose from.I almost gave them a 4 but for the restroom.  The fixtures had a lot of corrosion around them and in general the restroom showed a lot of wear.  I flushed the urinal and was washing my hands and it seemed like the running water was very loud, I looked over at the urinal and the valve had stuck and the place was indeed flooded.  I beat on the valve with my fist until it rocked back but by that time the floor was quite deep in water.  I mentioned it to the hostess and they had someone in there with a mop quickly.I would definitely go back here again.
Inside the Clarendon Hotel in central Phoenix, Gallo Blanco has quickly made a hit for themselves with hipsters and urban dwellers alike. They offer a refreshing alternative for hotel restaurants, with lively ambiance and great food and drink.Gallo Blanco's tacos are surefire hits. They're served individually, and come lined up in an appealing silver taco stand. We've ordered the carne asada and shrimp soft tacos, and, wow, they're really mouthwatering. The shrimp is flame grilled and seared, bringing out a nice full flavor. The guacamole is slightly sweet and chunky, and paired with outstanding tortilla chips, this is a must-order appetizer. Even the sauces (I prefer the red chipotle one) are addictive, either to accompany the supreme tacos, or to be enjoyed alone on chips.This restaurant is a fine addition to the emerging downtown Phoenix foodie scene, and with prices extremely reasonable, you get a lot. A good sized meal for two (sans drinks) could ring up at $30-35, which is a good value for great food. Try Gallo Blanco, bring friends, and get a bunch of items. Although I haven't explored the rest of the menu, I sense that Gallo Blanco's items don't stray far from excellence.
I'd always heard tales of the fabled Sonic Drive-In, but it was like a whisper in the wind or a thief in the night...I never truly believed. Legends with tantalizing visions of juicy burgers, golden fries, creamy milk shakes, and flavored sodas came across state lines into Los Angeles, but how could such wonders be true? What began as an ordinary day would end in a night forever seared into the archives of my mind. As we were blindly driving through the dimly lit streets of Phoenix, an illuminated sign appeared to us, as if an answer to a prayer. Sonic came to us all at once in a haze. We ordered burgers, fries, onion rings, popcorn chicken, a corn dog, chili tots, and shakes upon shakes! Oh, the bargains! We laughed! We danced! We wept! The next morning, all I had was the echo of a stomach ache as proof of the marvels of the night before.Maybe, just maybe, if I clap my hands enough and really believe, one will suddenly appear in the South Bay. One can only dare to dream.
Move over Jacques Torres! Angela has come to town and just might be the next big thing for Phoenix (and the confectionary world!) I happened to find this place just on a whim....I was reminiscing the other day about all the wonderful chocolatiers in other big cities, and it occured to me 'maybe there is a chocolatier in Phoenix?'  Sure enough, there is!! (thanks yelp!) and she's GOOD!!!! Angela is as sweet as her candy is! She explained how she just started this business in October of last year; she is a self-taught, talented and creative, as authentic as it gets, chocolatier! She uses all organic ingredients, including fair-trade organic chocolate. You will find many whimsical truffle flavor creations like Raspberry Rose, Mudslide, Strawberry Balsamic, Lavender Lemonade, Madras Curry, Avacado Wasabi, Maple-Smoked Bacon (yeah, I KNOW!)....and like a million more! AND the best news of all, is that she says she has perfected a dairy-free recipe for truffles...I. CAN'T. WAIT! I hope I'm the first to order that batch!! Besides beautiful, flavorful truffles, she makes her own marshmallows (in various amazing flavors as well) Chocolate Bark (which is always dairy-free) and even different hot chocolate mixes. The most amazing thing of all is....now, get ready for this....all of this magic comes right out of her home kitchen!! THAT means, everything is made with *love* :)  So, if you happen to yelp this, like I did, the map will actually take you to her business, which is located in her house, in a neighborhood (a little confusing at first....) but it IS LEGIT! She said normally it's by appointment only (I was not) but she gladly had me in and I got to see some of her gastronomic creations anyways (yay!) However, she says that she normally sells her stuff at the South Scottsdale Farmers Market (Wednesdays) and the Tempe Farmers Market (on Warner and McClintock on Saturdays) In fact, if you go to her website, you can customize a box of chocolates and pick it up at the farmers market of your choice... (can't wait to do this!!)Needless to say, this made my day...no, like, my week! SO excited to have a real, gourmet chocolatier right in my own neck of the woods! Woo hoo!!
It was a Sunday morning & Mimi's was PACKED! We walked in, gave the hostess our name & told the wait wouldn't be too long considering it was just the two of us. The dcor was French quarter New Orleans-themed, with Parisian style knick knacks & art work abound. A bit on the kitchy side, but quite nifty IMO! What I found to be not only impressive but wise was that they had free coffee, mini muffins & sample size nut loafs for the waiting patrons, which mostly consisted of seniors & families. Following the hostess to our table, I couldn't help but notice, the humongous portion size of ALL of their dishes. The menu had so many mouth watering choices, but considering I was feeling ill, I ordered a bowl of granola & a (YU-MMY) buttermilk spice muffin. Boring I know, but lemme make it up to you by talking about moms dish, the 3 egg avocado & crab omelet which was made w/ jack cheese, tomatoes, scallions, bacon & asiago cream sauce, accompanied by red potatoes, choice of one of their mega-sized (hot & fresh) muffins & fresh squeezed O.J. The service was on the slow side, perhaps understaffed or just overwhelmed, but our waiter made it up to us by giving me choice of beverage & extra muffins, no charge. For those of you who want healthier options, don't you fret, they offer a Fresh & Fit menu as well. All in all, I really enjoyed my dining experience @ this Mimi's location & will definitely return if I'm ever back in Phoenix.
Went here because of a groupon, will probably not go back without one.  Cons:Overpriced, flat out.  Plus, like other reviewers have said, they RUN OUT of a lot of good stuff.  Also, I know this is something small, but as their menu changes, they should update it online.  Had I known the menu would be so different, I would have waited for another week to get a meal I would ACTUALLY want (as opposed to settling).  Also, we had reservations and had to wait 20 minutes.  Not a huge deal, but a personal pet peeve.Pros:  The food was good, but like I said, overpriced.  Since I had a deal, I didn't mind as much.  Atmosphere is nice, and I loved the extras (we got a few small tasting, palate cleansers?).  The cotton candy was fab, and though the strawberry dessert was NOT my first choice, it was truly delicious, and I may go back JUST for that dish!  I love the location, and the staff was incredibly friendly, informative, and courteous.  Knock down the prices and I'd give it at least 4 stars!
This is the old Rigatony's on Brown Rd- If you've never been, it has a Buca di Bepo-ish, before Buca was cool, sort of feel. They even serve their house chianti in a small water glass, instead of a wine goblet- adding to an authentic "Joisey" kind of feel.This is traditional Italian-American fare, rich and flavorful- with big portions. The Chicken Piccata is crack-good. It's served in what I've come to learn is a Sicilian style, with a n awesome relish of tomatoes, capers, and green olives and a side of addictive Fett Alfredo. It never gets old.Another great authentic dish is their Cecca- you can get it as a "Pie" (Pizza, that is) or over pasta. You just have try it. It's rich, refreshing, and explosively flavorful all at once.The house salad is a variation on a traditional AntiPasto theme- and is a meal, and event, in and of its self.The best thing about Mardeneley's is that EVERYTHING on the menu is good! It only gets Four stars because it could use a bit more snob appeal (and a better beer selection).
The three of us ate at Famous Dave's last evening and had a really nice time! We stopped in around 5:30 or so and were seated at a booth in the bar area. It was still early, so there was plenty of seating throughout the restaurant. Our server came by a few moments after we were seated and asked about our drink order. Nice. If you have never been to a Famous Dave's, it's sort of like a Texas Roadhouse, which is a complement. I've had some really good BBQ over the years in local Roadhouses throughout the US, and clearly this chain has copied the model. We started with some onion strings and chicken tenders off the Happy Hour menu along with our drinks. Both were good, but ordinary. What made them good was Dave's sauce. At each table you have five or six choices, as well as the sauce that came from the kitchen. For dinner we order a Pulled-Pork sandwich with sides, a large BBQ Huli platter and some Texas steak tips grande nachos. Each was delicious and large enough that we couldn't finish. One observation on portions, they are large -- like two Styrofoam take home boxes large For dessert we order some $1.98 mini puddings and brownies. Just the right size for everyone after a large dinner. Fellow Yelper Scott D put it best in his 7/23/10 review: "Famous Dave's consistently delivers no matter which location you go to". Our party of three heartily agrees! The tab came to $69.49, including taxes but without tip. We thought that was fair given the serving size and the tastiness of the food. We will be back! Enjoy!
Wow! Some of the best barbecue in the state!! The pulled pork and the BBQ Baked Beans are a must try!!!
I admit I'm not a huge BBQ fan, as it usually makes me feel like exploding afterwards but since my dining partner loves BBQ, we've eaten here a lot. The meat is pretty good but at least one of the meats has been dry each time I've been. My favorite has been the ham. The spicy BBQ sauce is pretty darn tasty too. I've found myself putting black pepper on the mac and cheese to spice it up and haven't been all that impressed with the rest of their sides either. I'm a big fan of sides at BBQ places, even more than the meat, so when sides disappoint I get sad. :(I dumped out their homemade root beer after one sip. Don't know what was about it but it was very *off for me, and I seriously love root beer. My dining partner loved it so ehhh...maybe it's just me. The place is very interesting on the inside, the decor reminds me of a mid century cafeteria but more modern. They have a huge hand painted mural of a farm and a large outdoor seating area for parents to let their kids run around in while they eat. Joe's gets packed. I've seen the line wrap around to the outside on the weekends. I don't think it's worth waiting the 20-30 minutes in line for, but then again I don't think a lot of places are worth that wait for cafeteria style dining.
Well, it dropped a star for me, and I'll tell you why. Eaten there probably 20 time in the last quarter. I've had it all; All you can eat sushi, bowls, desert, beer. Ate alone, ate with Sandra K, ate with son and family (including 3 year old grandson who plays drums with the chopsticks) had a party of 12 there.Service....slow on Saturday for the AYES, otherwise I can't complain. There are some "bright" spots. First, it's close to my neighborhood, a start and there is more than sushi and that is helpful when you have non-sushi lovers with you. The bowls are very good and you can order them in the heat index you like. Funny names to them as well, like the "Exit Wound Bowl" or "The Classified Bowl with this description;Don't Order this Bowl".Squid Salad is great, great, great! Calamari, ok. Hey they put a lot of thought into their beer selection and that is cool. And their dessert sushis are very unique.As for the sushi....I now have way too many sushi restaurants to try and they are all falling over themselves for your business. Sushi has become really "hip" lately but there will be a fall out in this category as the economy continues to slow and people, let's face it, are pulling back. This is not a place for a sushi purist, but give me good food, a cool gathering place (close to my central Phoenix abode) and I will be there. Sushi has got to get better for me to rate higher and "earn" my business.
Pros... Quick, good, cooked right, self serve condiments, friendly staff. Good choice of size and type of meat. fresh buns, self serve drinks. Good Good Good.Cons... The place is a little run down, they sometimes no self serve trash bins.
After stepping off the plane hungry, I looked around the terminal for food as I walked to the next gate. "Wait a minute, I'm in Arizona. I should get some southwestern style food or mexican food. Is that a burrito place? Surely it can't be bad." I ordered a #1, standard burrito. I take a bite. And another. "Not bad I thought." Then I took another bite. And promptly spit it out.The cheddar cheese in my burrito was moldy. And no, I'm sure it wasn't blue cheese. It was even obvious visually. After pointing the cheese out to the manager, she brushed it off as "the bag was just opened, it's not possible" even after showing the obvious mold. People around me started looking uncomfortable. Someone muttered "wow" and stepped out of the line.The best part? I wasn't even offered a refund or a new burrito, or an apology for the moldy burrito. Are you kidding me?
A philosophical elder of my profession commonly says "Everyone needs three vices.  Sex and chocolate don't count."  If I still lived in Phoenix, LoLo's Chicken and Waffles would definitely be one of my vices.  The chicken is pure fried goodness. The mac n'cheese is creamy and crispy goodness. The waffles are BEYOND DELICIOUS.  If I could give any future LoLo's consumers a hint it would be this: if you are sensitive to too much sugar like I am, don't waste your precious pancreatic islets on the beverages.  I succumbed to the peer-pressure and got an Arnold Palmer, which of course comes in a quart-sized Mason jar.  I reached my sugar capacity before the meal even started.  I can only imagine the explosion of flavor in my mouth I would have experienced had I not wasted all my buds on sweetened tea and lemonade.
Trust me... no one wants this place to do well more than me. However, after 4 visits I have to confess that it is a solid 2-stars. I'm confident in my comments... and maybe a little heartbroken.1. Loved Chef Wade Moises when he was at SASSI in Scottsdale. I'm a fan for god's sake.2. I'm a big pasta-crazed fool. Seriously love it.  3. Love dwntwn Phx.So what could go wrong? Service: No one to greet you properly at the door. The space is awkward enough as it is.  Staff was always inattentive and often seen hanging out at the bar. When asked why cocktails the "signature cocktails" took so long to prepare, the server responds clumsily "Because I had to read and learn how to make them just now." Yikes.Back to the greeting... We waited about 2 minutes in the doorway listening to staff sitting at the bar chat about how they hoped they could close early that night. It was only 4:30 pm.Vibe:The space feels cold and almost clinical. With the lack of fabric in the space, it feels like I'm the ER of a hospital (minus the curtains that surround each patient bed.) The staff certainly doesn't add warmth. Also reminds me of a corporate staff break room. Art on the walls is just bizarre (read other's comments.)The Cocktails:They look good on paper. See my comment above about Service. That's all I can really say. The Food:Each time, the Fritto Misto app ($9) was salty and sad to look at. Orecchiette with Sausage ($15) looks fantastic on paper, but never quite right. In fact, I've tried every pasta dish on the menu. I'm simply heartbroken. I crave handmade fresh pasta, but the pasta here just leaves me guessing... I'm I the odd ball out? Why do all these Yelpers love the pasta? It's wimpy and the proteins almost taste boiled (texture and flavor.) Approx quote from a guest, "gummy handmade pasta that looks like bloated playdoh in water." The sauces seem near amateur as if they were never tasted before serving. Usually on the salty side.Forget about portions, price, space, ambiance, whatever. The important question... DOES IT TASTE GOOD? Sadly, no.At each visit, I brought other notable chefs from the Valley. In one instance, the five of us ordered an entire dinner, ate a few bites of each dish, asked for the bill and decided to head next door to Sens for dinner (which is another review in the making.)I'll wait till sometime in the fall season before heading back to Pasta Bar. Maybe it needs more time (although it's been open for a few months already.) As always, I'd encourage you to try it out and make your own decision. Wade is a talented chef who can do amazing things in the kitchen. I have faith in you my friend!Side note... for those of you who fixate on butter and bread service at restaurants, do us all a favor and stick to your cheap filler salad bars. Bread and butter service is simply never worth commenting on as a crucial component of a meal unless it's stellar.  (BTW... I realize the irony of making commentary on the worthless comments)
Drinking coffee from Cartel makes me want to get my own San Franciscan SF-25B Coffee Roaster, in much the same way I wanted my own pottery wheel after seeing the movie Ghost.It's. That. Good.
I will start with our experience from the time we walked in. The customers sitting in the restaurant stared and some laughed. I guess we missed the whites only sign on the front door. However my husband and I love to try new things and don't care what people think. The hostess however was nice and pleasant. Our waiter was also great.  The food here was delicious for an appetizer we had the stuffed mushrooms which were to die for. Our main entrees were the German meatloaf and my husband ordered the tenderloin. My whipped potatoes were so delicious. The cabbage was awesome not to sweet not to salty and the meatloaf was refreshing. My husband enjoyed his tenderloin and fries as well. It was seasoned perfectly.The skinny is if you don't mind being treated like the 13th amendment was never signed by the patrons of Haus Murphy's and want some Excellent German food this is the place to go. The staff here were great though.
I am a huge "foodie", from a long line of "foodies". I grew up living in hotels and on room service and fine dining. This is the best, very best, breakfast restaurant EVER! I have been living in Tempe for about six years now, the first two sad sad years I did not know that this wonderful place existed...after my first visit, this is my go-to, best place to recommend, favorite breakfast place to eat at! If you go on a Sunday, it will be very very busy. Everyone is super friendly. The place is very clean. Prices are amazing! Cheaper or as cheap as the nasty breakfast places or fast food. Huge portions and great quality food. I have never had a bad experience here, and to be honest...even if I did, I wouldn't care. I feel like home here. Everything on the menu is delicious! I've tried almost everything. Here are a few of my favorites (don't forget though, I love it all) :O'Pear Grenache Omelette, Greek Fetash Omelette, English Harvest Omelette, Huevos Con Chorizo (with scrambled eggs), and the Blueberry Hill Girdle Cakes (pancakes! you can order half an order or little ones...we always get an order to share at the table). Their potatoes are delicious and crispy, the english muffins are great and their homemade jam is absolutely amazing! I have bought many jars of their jam to give as gifts! Just delicious! I wish everyone knew about this well kept secret. DON'T LISTEN TO ANY REVIEW UNDER A 5 STAR! This place is the best, bottom line. Try it. You will be hooked.
Went to Cracker Barrel twice while vacationing at our home in Litchfield Park.  All the food we ordered were very good and the service was good also.  I highly recommend their pancakes.
Indian food is often minimized by attempts to make it less exact and somehow more palatable by other cultures.  This is at the cost often of not allowing the original beauty of the cuisine to be savoured by all. In fact, my visit to the Indian Paradise was not without some sarcasm and pessimism on my part given that so many places in the area get it wrong when it comes to this genre.  Boy, was I wrong!  Don't let the fascade of the place fool you.  When you enter, it takes a few seconds to smell the fact that you are going to have the genuine article here.  If you go at lunch time, you can experience the buffet.  I went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was perfectly poised for a sunset dining experience.ALL the food...from the nan to the lamb curry, to the tea, to the samosas to the califlower....EVERYTHING was really good.  But I have to also add that there was a certain family-like atmosphere created by the staff and the service was unassuming yet intuitive.  I found that I did not want to leave.  I just wanted to stay here and talk and snack a little.  That's kind of hard to achieve in a strip mall restaurant yet, this did not feel like that.You should go for yourself and see if I was just way too nostalgic for good Indian or whether its really worth 4 stars.
I found this place whilst trying to find good mac and cheese places on yelp. I'll be honest, I love my wine and I love my cheese. Bonus points if its melted over mac.And they do great mac and cheese. Some better than others- my favorite so far has actually been the spinach and pesto. If you want the chorizo, I say pass. The spinach or the bacon is much better. If you're into bleu cheese, the bleu cheese mac is VERY bleu. Take that for what it's worth. That's not all they do either. Their entrees are consistently great. My boyfriend got some scallops that were incredible, though I don't think it's on their menu now.Their wines are great too. I'll be honest, I'm no connoisseur, but they had a moscato from Israel that the bf still drools over. It's enough that the next time I was there I picked up a whole bottle, just for him. I've also had one of their mojitos and that was great as well.As a note- if you're in for happy hour and get a cheese plate... I really do think its better to splurge and get a regular cheese plate. I got a happy hour cheese plate, and it's... miniscule. All of the stuff that made their non happy hour cheese plate awesome was diminished. 1 cheese instead of 3. No boursin. Fewer crackers. Less of that fantastic orange blossom honey and apples. You get my drift. Definitely a must try. Service is great and attentive, and it's always been nice and quiet when I went in.
Margie's just opened about two months ago. I stumbled upon it while looking for the Eba Cafe. This little place is open Monday-Saturday, 5:30am to 2:30pm. It is a great stopping point for commuters looking to get a coffee or breakfast bagel pick-me-up, check some email (they've got FREE WIRELESS!) and head into or out of Tempe.I ordered a simple coffee and the egg-and-cheese toasted on an everything bagel. Tasty and a truly satisfying treat without a ding to the wallet.The place is very clean, soft comfy couches near bright windows, and Margie is just delightful. Great place to chat and concentrate away from the main throws of other well-worn coffee houses.Expect to find me there often--mainly because I want to keep this coffee house close, alive and well!
AMC Esplanade is by far the most successful navigator of the new "Dinner and a Movie" blue ocean the theater industry is starting to penetrate (that's right, I just referenced Blue Ocean Strategy, get over it).  No, it's not an extremely enlightened idea. I've been sneaking Bacardi into theaters since 2003 so it's about time theaters realize they should probably attempt to turn a profit off of it, but AMC really upped the game by not only providing me the option of purchasing alcoholic beverages from THEM, but also upgraded chairs, and a ton of delicious food (Including the obligatory $4 box of candy which is hilarious sitting next to a $9 burger. Like "Don't mind this $9 full meal over here, we still stand firm that Gummi Bears are worth their weight in gold.")Yes, it's more expensive than a regular ticket. Almost double for the nice seats. But trust me, YOU WANT THOSE SEATS. You will regret not getting the $15 seats if you don't buy the $15 seats so just pony up the cash and delight in the fact that movie theaters are now almost as comfortable as watching a movie in your own home. This theater is so nice it even makes bad movies tolerable. I saw The Master here and probably would have stabbed myself in the eye with my embezzled Bacardi flask if I didn't have a comfy recliner and three glasses of wine to get me through it. I seriously won't go to a movie anywhere else and I guarantee you'll say the same once you go. FIVE STARS.
Stingray Sushi is where we go for sushi .Sleek ,beautiful interior and very ,very clean ! This dining house has large 13 or so foot doors that when open ,seamlessly link the patio potion with the interior dining area ,a very good design flow,indeed. The patio itself is very comfortable as it has great seating .The service has always been wonderful ,the sushi very fresh with beautiful presentation .We like to get the sushi boat , edamame ,and beef yakitori.The fire dragon rolls( though on the small side) are also yummy.Drinks are very good here ..the sinful orchid (yum)a very pretty drink .And their HH is really good as well .
Sauce is a great Quick Serve place.  I had the Chix Caesar Salad it was large and filling and quite good.  The sangria is nice as well...I like the koolaid touch around the edge of the glass.  My man had the bruchetta caprese style and it was awesome...the tomatoes were perfectly ripe and the mozzarella was fresh and creamy.  The bread was a really crusty yet fluffy yet able to hold up to the mix piece of wonder...we found out they get it from LaBrea.  If you want a great quick lunch or dinner check it out...we look forward to trying the pizza and pasta next time!
I just don't think I'm much of a brewery gal. Granted, the beer here blows Four Peaks out of the water, but I'd much rather have a nice cocktail than chew though a specialty brew. But if beer is your poison of choice, they've got just about everything. The happy hour is kind of weak here though, with like a buck off all drafts. Thoroughly meh.You can peruse the coolers and grab a cold one or choose from 20+ drafts they have on the menu. No Bud Light here though. Sorry frat chumps. They used to have a ton of wine here as well (like, ages ago) but it has since been narrowed down to just four choices, none of which were calling my name this last go round. Their Orange Blossom wheat beer was a bit like drinking an orange creamsicle in beer form. Almost like a cider with floral notes, a light finish and a super creamy mouthfeel. (Oh yeah, bitches. I just went there.) The perfect beer for the novice drinker to enjoy. Their IPA was also pretty decent, but was more bitter than I care for, although it stayed far away from feeling like I was drinking a bottle of grassy perfume. Solid.I thought they had deals on happy hour food (again, like a buck off) but last time I went it was no dice. At least the food's reasonably priced. Tasty rueben, craptastic hummus, crispy quesadilla. The acoustics in this place are kind of shitty, so go on an off time when it won't be packed, or run the risk of smiling and nodding amicably while hearing every other snippet of convo. The high top tables are also really uncomfortable for shorties like me to sit at, but c'est la vie. My biggest peeve about this place is the gigando assy television against the wall. For a place this small, a big ass mofo tv is just  not the way to go.
Imagine for a minute that you're waiting in a really long line. No, it's not the line ride. You see a menu on the wall with your ordering options, but before you are anywhere near someone that could take your order, you're yelled at."Hey! What do you want?"Don't be afraid, but don't be surprised either. Keep your cool and order your dogs. Immediately start thinking about if you want fries or rings (onion rings) and be prepared for when you're called upon again. Then watch as your hot dog is mutilated in front of your eyes and what appears on your tray is what looks like a hot mess of decapitated food.Never fear though... because it is amazing. Well worth the wait and one of the best dogs you'll ever have. My favorites here are the white hot and the bratwurst. Whenever I know I'm going, I end up salivating like Pavlov's dog for hours.The booths are classic hot dog stand style and the pennants lined up along the top of the walls are fantastic to look at. One started a whole conversation and research one day about a basketball team we knew nothing about.
Now accepts plastic!  Now accepts plastic!  Did you hear me?  Harvey's now accepts plastic!I've lived around the corner from Harvey's for a little over 4 years now.  I had lunch there once in the mid 1990's, and went in to watch a Suns playoff game a few years back when my friend was decked out in Spurs gear and we were nearly lynched at Half Moon.  Quick lunch with a girlfriend who was in the mood for a burger about a year ago.  While I love, and I do mean LOVE a good dive bar, this place scared the crap out of me.  I'm young, not hideous, female, and not of the meth-head variety - so not only did I not blend, but I felt targeted.  Sad, really.  The ONE bar within easy drunk stumbling distance from my house, and I wasn't happy going there.  During a weekday for lunch was more or less okay.  But evenings are when the freaks come out.  And I don't mean the freaks like me.  I mean the dangerous crazy ones - not just the fun crazy ones.  There's a difference!Well, enter the new roommate.  He was disinclined to believe my review, and insisted we go.  I resisted until late Saturday night, when he came home at 1am and insisted I get dressed so we could go there for an hour.  Maybe I was tired.  Maybe I needed a change of pace.  Whatever the reason, I gave in, got dressed and we walked over to Harvey's.YAY!  According to Echo, the bartender (yes, it's her real name.  her parents are hippies like mine), the owner has been working hard to improve the place (read: clientele) for over a year.  It shows!  Echo is three shades of awesome - the perfect gal to be running the bar!  Easy smile, quick wit, great sense of humor and the talent to mix a great drink while cooking any of the grub from the menu.  She is a one woman show and pulls it off like a champ!June drink specials included $2.00 Beam 5 Star bourbon, Yukon Jack, and I don't remember what else.  I asked for a bourbon and coke, the roommate asked for his bourbon neat.  (Brave - cheap bourbon *needs* to be cut with something!).  The pour is solid and consistent  Oh, and did I mention you can get a mixed drink, anytime day or night for just two bucks?  For $2!!Two drinks for me, two shots for him, a beer chaser for him and a cheese wineburger split between us.  Under $14!!  Holy hell, it's cheaper to drink here than it is at home!And at home - we don't have the entertainment of the other patrons.  Like Cowboy who would do the splits on demand.  And suggest my roommate go through the needed steps for a game of "rodeo" with his girlfriend. You just can't make this up!Oh - and he bestowed slightly drunk me with a new nickname.Apparently, I am a "prick ass bitch."  I don't know how he meant it, but I am taking it as a compliment and will wear it with pride!Oh, yes.  I will certainly be back!  A LOT.
This cafe provided me with my first Ethiopian cuisine experience. It was delicious and I am eager to go back. The most impressive thing to me was their selection of vegetarian dishes. They had as many options as those with meat which I really appreciate (doesn't happen very often.) The service was great. You can tell this is a family run restaurant that cares about their patrons. The food is very reasonably priced which make it easy to try a variety of dishes. We started with the shorba which is a lentil based soup. This was probably my favorite part of the meal, it was absolutely delicious---satisfying and hearty. We also had the vegetable combination which had 5 different dishes served on the injera, a crepe-like bread you eat the main dishes with.This is a fun way to eat (with your hands) and opened up a new world of foods for us! Can't wait to go back and devour a bowl of shorba.
I guess this is an east coast/midwest thing because I really don't get it. I'm not a picky eater and I HATE wasting food and money, but I could not finish my plate. I ordered french toast and I was not aware that my french toast was going to be deep fried. Seriously, when I put my fork through it, a piece of fried toast hit me in the eye. My husband was also not impressed with his food. If someone would like to suggest something delicious on the menu that I should try, please let me know because I currently want to vomit every time I see a Chompie's.
The food really is exceptional. Its like the chefs create these perfect little bites, and they literally are bites, of food that are so interesting to taste.I'd recommend the sampler dinner. I want to say it runs about $40- $50 but its worth it as long as you like what's included.IT IS EXPEN$IVE. BUT the BF and I have been dying to try out this restaurant due to all the rave reviews it has been receiving on Yelp. LUCKILY a Groupon appeared for NOCA and we jumped on the opportunity. Turned out the fab deal was only marginally helpful. Even with the Groupon it was still a $150 dinner (plus the cost of the groupon...).  Granted we did get a bottle wine (but the cheapest we could find), espresso and a french press cafe... It's like you analyze how much everything costs as you're ordering and are still shocked when the bill comes- I hate that.Our reservation wasn't until 8:30pm at night, no big deal. The restaurant was still PACKED! AND people kept coming through the door!It is not a large venue. And the tables are CRAMMED, uber close together. I know that the four-some sitting next to us are going to Isreal next month, right after their family vacation to Minnesota....
four star average?Why?This place is a chain restaurant with a silly name - the family made me eat here and I will tell you this - the only thing four star here are the sexy tall young fit waiters.... everything else is weak and salty...At least they serve bourbon - but seriously the cocktail menu was silly and the preparation by the untrained bartenders was obvious - silly rolls with honey butter oh that's cute -the food was applebees meets outback  - one of those taste of the world menus - my dad was silly enough to order the prime rib - it looked like a swanson frozen dinner - poor dad - IT IS CALLED WHITE CHOCOLATE GRILL - what does that mean - oh it means we are silly and have duped people into thinking we are a trendy restaurant.So sad - seriously the service is lovely and attentive the food is better prepared and home with more flavor and less salt - i guess the real french fries - the string kind were yummy but I needed to up my BP meds.oh and a funny decor thing - they use rolled up, stacked utensils in napkins as sorta sculptural decor around the restaurant - sorta weird
This is one of those places that I always seem to forget to review.  I guess maybe because it seems everyone already knows this place is great!!The important details you need to know:- Live music sometimes- Great happy hour food specials- Most wines (3/4 of the wine list) is $5 a glass before 6pm.  Use your Yelp check-in offer to drop that to $3.  YES I SAID THREE DOLLARS!!!!!!- Great bruschetta, burgers, and everything else. Chef's specials are often enough vegetarian so that's nice for someone like me- Great back patio that isn't super obvious to a first-timer that it exists- Clean bathrooms! You know all of the above doesn't matter in the slightest bit if the restrooms are nasty- Wine specials on the 5th of every month.  Now, I have never participated but I think it's like $2 for a specific wine. But since you can use the Yelp check-in offer, I haven't bothered since it's cah-razy cheap every day!!
If only it wasn't all the way up there... i'd be on it like a lush at the FEZ happy hour... margaritas, martinis oh my! Anyways that's how I would describe my dinner outing to Los Reyes de la Torta with my best, Sara V. She thought of it and I bought it... so off we went after work on Monday night to Los Teyes de la Torta for some Torta goodness. The only Torta I've had prior is at Gallo Blanco. and they Ribeye there is delicious but here we were at Los Reyes and the menu was huuugggge! Sara V. was hungry so we started with an app, the chicharron quesadilla estilo del rey which is with queso, pico, onions, and jalapenos. I got horchata as a drink, and Sara V. got mango juice. Felt tropical and I guess it went with the feeling of mugginess outside. Anywho, the quesadilla was big, and really a meal in itself. For our entrees we decided to split two tortas, they were the Arizona Torta  and the Mexicana Torta - steak, sauteed onions, jalapenos. They were both big in its own right, half a torta is filling on its own. Sum up our experience, the tortas are really good, altho i can always pass up the Mexicana and try something else. The horchata was alright, nothing phenomenal unlike La Condesa which has a very interesting and really yummy Horchata. Not a big fan of Mexican mangoes coz personally I don't think that they're sweet, Filipino mangoes are still Queen! The quesadilla was yummy, liked it very much. I think it's proof that when more than half their clientele are Latinos is that it's a good torta shop. The dinner was not pricey and I had leftovers but really liked it and will come back soon!
i was really unimpressed with the pizza here.it's conveninetly located, but never very busy, even at it's prime location by a bar even on a friday night.cheap slices, and easy to get in and out of, but of all the many, many people i know who frequent this area, none of them really ever eat there.
Glad to say this place is still going strong a little over a year after my first visit/review. Wanna try it? Then visit on a Tuesday night for $1 tacos and $2 cervezas! They have amazingly good Tacos and Salsa, and an excellent Tequila bar. Do try the grilled corn on the cob.Excellent place to hang all night with friends - great drinks, great food, great prices.
Yeah, yeah, I know there are already like fifty-something reviews for this place, most of them four or five stars, I don't care. Here's one more, another twig on the bonfire celebrating Richardson's awesomeness...The food's the same awesome New Mexican cuisine as Dick's Hideway around the corner, but eating here is a totally different experience. The dark pueblo interior with Native American rugs surrounding the high-backed booths provides a great deal of privacy for you and your party. I recommend any and all of the seafood dishes - my favorites include the shrimp quesadilla and the scallops... OMG the scallops, so good when I think about 'em they make me lose control and type text message shorthand like "OMG". Of course my friends constantly remind me that as much as I love the food here, I can't truly appreciate it because I don't eat the meat dishes, which, according to them, are even better. And they're probably right. They usually are.Went with a group of 6 last week, which seems to be about as large as the booths at Richardson's can handle (for much larger groups there's a private room available at Dick's). Service was super friendly and extremely efficient. Yeah, it can be a little pricy depending on what you order, but in my opinion, totally worth it. Sometimes you gotta splurge.
Nice looking place with average food and horrible service.  Everything took forever and no one came by to see how we were doing.  We literally watched our server going around setting tables and taking napkins off of empty tables rather than making himself available to us.  He wandered around from table to table in a completely unoccupied area of the restaurant the majority of the time we were there.  The food was luke-warm and nothing special.  I was only here once so I hate to be so down on the place, but based on the other reviews my experience sounds pretty typical.  Don't waste your money.
Where to start???The owners are very kind... say hi to Benny in the kitchen!!!My wife and I found this place while living in the culinary-void NW Valley of Phoenix, and we have eaten here probably 50 times over a 3-year period.  Everything is good:GryosChicken PitaSouvlakiGreek Salads are probably one of the best salads that we have ever eatenFries are always freshZatsiki sauce is stellarThe atmosphere is a bit void, but people don't come to 35th and Thunderbird for the atmosphere...  they come for great food at a great price.
double-double, protein style, with pickles and spread only please. and a medium iced tea. in-n-out gets it. i like my burger the way i like it, and they don't mind serving it my way. they have never screwed up my order. they have the best iced tea, and fresh lemon wedges that aren't pathetically small. they pay their workers a fair wage, and you can tell - they're all nice and happy. love me some yummy, cheap eats and service with a smile!
I'm pretty sure that Palee's Crown is the best Thai place I have ever been to. The service is always great, and the Owner comes out to talk to us whenever we are there.The food is so amazing, I have never tried something that I disliked at all. I especially love the Pad Thai and the Currys. I am always full and completely satisfied by the time I leave. I also recommend trying the Thai Iced Tea to drink if you are like me and enjoy weird authentic drinks, and for dessert be sure to get the coconut ice cream. Don't make excuses about trying to spend less money or that you are being careful about what you're eating, just try it.The prices are good and if you're not sure what to try, stick with a curry but remember that Asian spices are very distinct, and very spicy.
While in Phoenix for about 36 hours, I lunched at Hooters twice. It was easily located across from my hotel and it was a weekend, which meant I could catch both the collegiate and professional football games as well as playoff baseball. I take Hooters for what it is, pretty decent fried food, a restaurant that caters to men, and always has a game on. This in mind, I didn't anticipate anything other then a beer and something to eat.I sat at the bar both times and the bartender, Brittany was extremely friendly and made a point to learn (while IDing) and remember everyone's name-- which I thought was a nice touch. She was always willing to change channels to make sure everyone's game was being aired which was appreciated as well. They have a good football special-- 10 boneless wings with all you can eat fries for $5.99 during any football game.  The $3.50 25oz Shock Top beers were a deal as well. It was odd for me to see a kid's birthday party in the restaurant on Sunday, but to each their own.
Move over Maizie's you've been replaced...for brunch that is. I have a tradition with a lucky few of at least once a weekend going to Maizie's for their brunch and getting smashed. Oh, and we eat a little too.Everything changed this weekend though when we went to Postino on Central for their brunch debut. The food was so ridiculous good, that we actually forgot to drink. Did you hear me?? FORGOT TO DRINK!!Since it was our first time there, we ordered a variety of options. I had the Country Toast, which was toasted MJ Bread, topped with Italian Ham, Gruyere Cheese, and a sunny-side up egg. Ho-ly shit. Each bite became increasingly better than the last. It was the perfect bite over and over and over again. The ham had a nice little spice to it, the gruyere cheese had an intoxicating tang to it, the egg was, well, an egg, and the toast really brought it all together incredibly. And it was huge. I barely got through half if it before I had to give up.My brunch date got Postino's take on French Toast. To be honest, I am not huge on sweets first thing in the morning, however I would have bathed in this french toast. It was creamy, not overly sweet, and literally melted in my mouth.I ordered a White Peach Bellini at the beginning of our meal per norm and while it was spectacular with actual peach puree in the bottom of my champagne flute, I completely ignored it after the first bite of my meal. Me. Ignoring anything in a champagne flute. I know.I feel a bit like the blase housewife who just cheated on her husband for the first time with the pool boy, but I'm sorry Maizie's, consider me shacked up with said pool boy every weekend in the early hours from here on out!
HORRIBLE service - did nothing to correct our experience.On July 7, 2011, my date  and I arrived around 6:30 pm, well dressed and ready to enjoy a celebratory dinner without any financial limitations. We would have easily spent $250+.Instead, after an hour of being seated  to review our menus we were never offered more than a cocktail.Tables around us were receiving quality attention by other servers...complete with the run down of the specials, house favorites, answering questions, etc. We, on the other hand, were lucky to have our make server look at us, much less take us to the next step our level in our dining experience.When the table behind us, seated a good 15 mins after us, received bread before we were, my date and I decided that was our tipping point and would not stay any longer.When our server came to ask if we were ready to order we informed him  we would not be staying for dinner  and would like the bill for the cocktail.Never once did the server apologize, offer what he could do to make things right, etc. Needless to say, we were stunned. The hostess thanked us for dining on our way out...again, we both gritted our teeth with frustration. However, later we discovered that after an hour of sitting in the dining room, we were there long enough to enjoy a meal. It's unfortunate we never got the opportunity to, however.What did go right was...we were promptly seated and the cocktail server provided decent service.
Zoe's get's a solid 3 stars b/c they have the raddest, most sinfully delightful chocolate cake around. The best part is it's only $2.00!  The reasonably sized slice of cake totally makes up for the boring, albeit sometimes satisfying food.  The chx kabobs are pretty awesome, enough for two people.  Comes with two huge scewers of chx, peppers, cherry tomatoes... over a bed of salad and rice pilaf.  Pretty delish.  The Gruben Sandwich is also a hit.  FYI -- If you don't like Feta, stay away from this place.  They put it on just about everything.  They trully believe in that old addage, "Feta makes it Betta!"
We had a fun, early dinner on the patio here at BoomBozz.  The advertised happy hour specials appeared to be a very good value; my fave was the soft pretzels & cheese.  I also had the wedge salad and it was excellent - they don't skimp on the blue cheese!  My son had the pepperoni pizza and even his discriminating palate was very happy.  A crisp blonde draft (for me) and ice cream (for him) polished us off and we left full & happy.
Fez is RIGHT down the street from where I work, hence due to its location + general fabulousness, it has become a regular spot for happy hour.Here's What we LOVE about Fez:-Sweet Potato Fries (sooo good--sprinkled with cinnamon by the way)-Kisra and Hummus!-The Black Bean Burger (the first time I ordered it, I asked the server: "Now, is this one of those really bad black bean burgers or does it actually taste good?"  She said, "I totally know what you mean, no this one is good."-and she was right!)-Margarita Mondays (aka 2 for one Margaritas--check out the pomegranate one!!)-The atmosphere--blue and green tones while still being warm-The friendly service-The close proximity to light railHere's what we don't like as much:-The slow service (sometimes it gets kind of bad, I feel like you have to be an active restaurant goer and hail down your server--otherwise you may never get to order, get more water/another drink, or get your check)-When happy hour ends (I mean, who likes that anywhere?)Fez makes me very happy to work in downtown Phoenix.
A new player in the Downtown Phoenix food scene, Bliss is a creation by the folks behind the Fez, Switch, and Ticoz empire. They occupy a buliding once occupied by Fate and Nine|05, the former of which was one of my favorite restaurants.Entering the restaurant, we were greeted with an odor of mildew and dirty water, which isn't exactly a pleasant way to arrive into an establishment. Being the only ones seated in the small space, we were able to really examine it, and I noticed one glaring difference between the way they have it set up and the way it was set up; it feels like a cafeteria. The installation of florescent lights, heat lamps, and massive amounts of stainless steel in the open kitchen make this place feel like a lunchroom at high school. Whatever, we can deal with it. An overview of the menu showed several options which seemed like drunk food... fried everything, cheese crisps, foot long hot dogs, slider burgers, tacos, grilled cheese, etc. Apparently "comfort food" means deap fried grease? NO THANKS. I ordered the Braised Beef Tacos, which had the consistency of paste, but were average in taste. My biggest gripe with this place is the microwave (not even a turbo chef) sitting front and center in the kitchen. Look, I understand that some restaurants use microwaves (usually not good ones) in their kitchen, especially if it's a cold kitchen (which this isn't) but having it in plain view and audible in the dining room is just atrocious. I truly hope someone from the restaurant reads this and hides the thing. It made me completely lose my appetite when I saw them heating my girlfriend's rice for her chicken skewers in the microwave. yuck. She did mention she was neutral about her food. We are people who go out at least once a day for a meal and try a new place every time, so we know food. Everyone we encountered was nice, and the service was very friendly. Everyone seemed interested in how well we enjoyed our meal, the space, and they seemed interested in welcoming us back. Unfortunately, the place looks kind of makeshift on the ReBar side, and like a cafeteria on the Bliss side. I'm not really sure why it looks makeshift, perhaps it is just because it looks like a temporary wall in the back of the room, or because it looks so bare, but it looks like they are in there just for the time being. I feel compelled to go here again but only for drinks out on the patio. The inside looks like Mexico, the food wasn't very good, and the cafeteria/microwave issues pretty much summed up this is not a place for a nice night out dining.I also find it interesting how many reviews are by orange heads or people who were here for the "vip opening." c'mon, try the place before you write a public review of it, and by try I mean eat some food, and actually experience it.
Sure it's walking distance from my house - so I was hoping I would have a new place for my morning tea.   After finally re-opening after the fire on 16th and Bethany Home, I was excited to check out Luci's.The design of the the place is fantastic simple, sexy, a little modern and throw in some retro corner grocery feel.  I was greeted with fun, friendly service, and then left with a great pastry and a tasty ice tea for the road.  They seem to still be working out some kinks since the re-open, but I see it only getting better.  In fact I just got myself excited.  I think I am going to head over there now for my morning snack.
I love, love, love the Keg!  I've been to this location as well as San Tan Village, Tempe Marketplace and Desert Ridge and have had nothing but exceptional food and service. I really like the atmosphere, it has that dark, cozy steakhouse feeling without being too stuffy or pretentious.  We enjoyed an excellent  Halloween dinner here last night which included a "Keg sized" glass of Fetzer chardonnay, a margarita (very strong), the Keg Classic Dinner (ceasar salad, 7 oz filet wrapped in bacon, mixed vegetables and a loaded baked potato), bacon wrapped scallops (an appetizer that I ordered for my entree) and their fabulous bread with whipped butter, YUM!  Our server was very outgoing and friendly and offered suggestions as far as the menu.  The bill with tax and tip was $68, really an excellent value. Overall, a great meal and dining experience.  I will definitely be back and can't wait!
I went to Sutra to attend the mixer where Yelp was being featured. After soaking in the cool "sceney" vibe, I decided that I was hungry. I asked the waitress for a menu. When she came back she told me that the right hand side of the menu was half off and made a couple suggestions. I love the names of the rolls that Sutra has. There were selections like "Cougar" and "30k millionaire". I had one of each. As if the rolls were made to live up to their namesakes, they didn't impress me; they merely annoyed me. The lack of freshness and flavor were the biggest factors in Sutra's failure. I ended up leaving plenty of sushi on my plate, but I was relieved that they were half off, otherwise I would have returned them upon first bite. I would not eat at Sutra again if I had a choice. I would advise you to eat elsewhere and come to Sutra to see and be "scene"!
I have to say I was pretty disappointed with our brunch experience here. Ok class, let's have a lesson. What makes a good, traditional, Eggs Benedict? Easy question, you say?Answer: Nice crispy, toasted English muffin, meat of your choosing (let's go with Canadian Bacon), creamy delicious Hollandaise.What am I missing, class?Ah yes, a beautiful poached egg, which bursts when pierced, spilling it's silky, golden yolk. Ok so now that we've had our lesson, let's put it into practice. My eggs Benedict was served with three quartered tomatoes, very very very crunchy potatoes with no seasoning and two eggs Benedict. One was completely missing a yolk! Bummer. When our server came over, I told him and he brought out a new one, but the yolk was overcooked. Bummer, times two. My friend also had an overcooked egg on his plate.For the prices they're charging, we should have had four perfectly cooked eggs and well seasoned potatoes. It's brunch, not brain surgery. The space is beautiful, and the server was pleasant, but I won't come back. Too many other places to try for brunch.
One of the most memorable breweries I've been to, not because of their personal beer choices but because of how they run the place. They have over 30 beers on tap from all over the country. If that's not cool enough, the entire back wall of the place is refrigerated coolers full of bottles and cans of even more craft brews that you can hand pick to drink in house...OR....build your own 6 pack to carry out. Brews from all over from Epic, to Dogfish, to Maui Brewing, to Sierra Nevada and the list goes on...and on....and on. It really is a nice concept!! Oh....and their food is great too. Mostly your normal bar food but pretty tasty.As for the service? I was incredibly impressed at how the girls that were serving us really truly seemed to have some serious beer knowledge. They were able to help us pick the right beer for our liking and they were right there when the brews disappeared regardless of the fact the place was packed.Know before you go: Don't let the exterior fool you! It's a small portion of a strip mall...look hard or you may miss it
The burger I had there was tasteless and had a weird texture. The fries were decent and their signature Rootbeer was delicious, but I've definitely had better elsewhere.In all fairness, I did not try their frozen selection, so I will definitely come back to give them another try.
I hate giving this place two stars, but the service has always been inconsistent. I've been coming here since 2006, and the food has always been excellent. Service has been spotty though; during my most recent visit our server blew off two of our drink orders and I had to order from the bar myself. Honestly if they would hire some frumpy old veteran servers then I bet everything would improve ten fold. Anyone else ever had this problem?
While waiting for Ayesha to have dinner at Thai Elephant, I tried not to let the meth-crack-head who pretended to talk on the pay phone deter me from a great meal.  She had no shoes on and walked up to the pay phone and started talking.  It hadn't been ringing and she didn't dial a number.  I'm a sucker for Touch of Thai's catfish dish, and they had the same one on the menu.  It was good, but the fish was a bit overcooked.  I would have liked a bit more "sauce" as the dish was a bit dry.Service was excellent.  My iced tea was refilled without asking throughout our meal.Of course, spending and evening with Ayesha over spicy food as we both wiped our noses from the heat of curry can't be beat!
I don't have much to compare it to, since this is the only Venezulan restaurant I know of in AZ.  It's very small, definitely family-run, with what looks to be the adolescent son taking orders and bringing out drinks.  The young man who seems to be the owner shares the space with Rosati's.  My foodie group saw a write-up of this place in the newspaper so we decided to trek out to Mesa.  It was pretty darn good, especially for the price!They were out of Guayanes (the newspaper had recommended this arepa) so we ordered three other arepas.  In case you don't know, an arepa is a corn fritter type sandwich.  We had the queso de ano, which appeared to have a salty cheese and potato in it.  It was very yum.  We had reina pepiada arepa, which was  like a mayonaise-y chicken salad with avocado- we didn't care that much for it.  But the Pabellon arepa with fried plantain, shredded beef, and black beans was a hit.We also had the pabellon plate which was quite yummy with the best fried plantains I've ever had.  Oddly, the rice was a bit hard and dry. The cachapas jamon and queso de mano was a favorite with my fellow foodies- kind of like a pancake sandwich with ham and cheese.  We finished with the quesillo (tastes exactly like flan to me) which was very good.I'd say it's a bit of a drive for some of us, but it's definitely worth checking out.  Not for those looking for heart-healthy eats!
MMMMM. Let me break it down for you...when you can hear staff in the kitchen saying "oh wow, that looks amazing" as plates are coming up in the window, you're in for a treat. I mean the fact that they see these dishes time and time again and are still excited by them....! Then flash forward to the next day and if you're heating up second lunch (I like to eat) in the office micro and employees comment on the delicious smells, yeah you're doing a-ok! I was solo this time because Gabi M was home with baby Mess and I didn't think to call Jarred (sorry bud!). Eating alone certainly wasn't as much fun but it was delicious. Eggplant is a must. You just HAVE TO get it, done. In addition I also had a really yummy chicken dish with wide noodles, veggies, basil, and a spicy/sweet sauce. SO tasty. The portions are enormous, so don't balk at the prices. Grab two entrees, share with the group, take home leftovers...that simple ;).Know Before You Go:  I'm only in Scottsdale one every other month and Tottie still remembers me when I come in, and that rocks! Big fan.
Don't let the name deceive you. Beaver Choice is an EXCELLENT dining experience. My girlfriend and I decided on a whim to give it a shot (after making the obligatory puns and double entendre's on the name). After staring at the menu for two minutes, trying desperately to decipher what we were to have, we gave up and asked the guy behind the counter's advice. His name was Chris and he was extremely helpful. He sold us with free samples, rather than descriptions of the plate. I ordered the gravlax; my girlfriend ordered the laxpudding. We entrusted the quality of our meal to the word of Chris and the small sample we tasted, because, in my mind, the ingredients had no business being together in one dish. Both dishes were based on lox, aka smoked salmon. We were both pleasantly surprised at the dish that greeted each of us a few minutes later. The food was EXCELLENT! And while not the cheapest dinner in the world, you get an enormous bang for your buck. Your plate is literally stacked with food. Kudos if you finish it all. Bottomline: Beaver Choice has a weird-ass name, but it serves some of the best food in Tempe. We will be back for sure, and I encourage each of you to give it a shot. I guarantee you won't come away disappointed!
Had lunch here with my wife today. It's the second time I've been and her first. After my first visit it rocketed into my top five favourite restaurants of all time. They have some top notch food, and the best thing is that it's such a deliciously welcome change from the bottom-feeder's Mexican crap that you see all over Phoenix. The menu is varied and I think I eventually will want to try everything. Appetizers include fried alligator and frog's legs. The main I had today was their Mardi Gras Pasta, which is linguini with tomato, thin-sliced garlic, andouille sausage, crawfish meat, onion and delicious shrimp topped with a really nice creamy sauce. Absolutely delicious. The wife had mahi-mahi with an even NICER sauce, and dirty rice on the side. Although a tiny bit on the pricy side it's definitely worth coming back to. Large open seating (outdoor seating also available), dimly lit, old-style jazz, a large full-service bar and a very quaint outside waiting area with water feature, giant fans etc. The service was also great and both times I've been, the waiters have been very helpful (the first guy told me that if I got the large serving of alligator, to try it 'half-blackened' - a great tip which allowed me to taste both 'styles' of the appetizer). They also have things I've not heard of before like etoufee and opelousas. If my dad didn't live over seven thousand miles away I'd take him here in an instant - he'd absolutely love the place. You will too.Oh yeah, they have creme brulee (with fresh fruit) and sweet potato pecan pie, amongst other things, for dessert. We had the latter - yum.
My mom and my son and I went to old town on a Thursday to check out some galleries and listen to some of the buskers! So after our perusing we stopped to get ice cream. Real ice cream! Petersen's is a really cool place and it's brand new! Just opened 11/23 I think. Well they have lots of great flavors like Georgia Peach, NY Black Cherry, Cappuccino, Peppermint with real peppermint, lots of sorbet, lots of chocolate stuff that I didn't want to try, and old favs like cookie dough, butter pecan etc. They also sell pints and also gallons I think! The staff is super cool and well educated about the history of the shop. I think the girl said they originated in Chicago and that the tiles in the ceiling are from the original location! I just thought that was so cool! She also said that they could sub the milk in your lattes and coffe with ice cream to make pepperment lattes and more wild flavors! I thought that was pretty rad. Anyway, if you are in old town I highly recomend you check this place out!
If I could give zero stars, I would. Just about the worst experience for my friend and I. We came in for a quick and easy dinner.  After being ignored at the door way repeatedly, we sat ourselves.  First, we had a girl server who said shed be back with menus, but right in front of us at the bar we see her flirting instead of coming back. Our server switched to another guy who was just as bad at serving. I have no idea how this place ever received more than one star based on the staff alone. They're lazy, slow, and completely ruin the entire experience of dining there.  The happy hour prices are great, but there are other RA's so do yourself a favor and go to a different location.
Superb gelato - some of the best I've ever had! The guy behind the counter is the owner, and he takes pride in his gelato.They only use real sugar, not high fructose corn syrup, and nothing contains hydrogenated oil.I tasted a few flavors and settled on the coconut... it was sublime. Definitely some of the best Gelato I have ever had. When I need a mid day sugar rush... I'll be back!
The last time I was at The Vig, they tricked me.. You see, they have these glass doors that they open up in the back of the restaurant when its nice out, and sometimes, when you go through those doors from the outside to take a trip to the loo, they close them on you, so like an asshole, you attempt to walk back outside the way you came, but instead you bash your head and knees into the glass window in front of 35 people. Be mindful of this.But hey, at least they had the most amazing wine specials that night and I was saucy enough to laugh it off and take a bow. And then I hid in the bocce ball pit for the remainder of the evening where I somehow acquired 200 bruises. I love the Vig. Even when I'm embarrassing the shit out of myself.
Had a fun UYE get-together with Brian S. & Norm R. today to give this little Venezuelan cafe a try.  I had a Carne Esmechada Patacon, which is a sandwich with slices of plantain for the top & bottom, fried crisp.  (A plantain is something like a huge banana.)  Inside was a moderate amount of shredded beef & some other things.  It was good, but it cost $6, & for a full-sized meal you would have to add a couple of other things in the $4 range, & end up at about $15 for your lunch!For half the price, I would give it twice as many Stars.
Some of the best Italian food I have ever had. This is a favorite for my wife and I. Sima and Marcellino are very nice people, very inviting. The bar is small but fun to hang out at. The food is always fresh and delicious.Watch out for Marcellino - he likes to push the truffles.
Merc Bar reminds me of a friend's basement...but your cool friend who has the basement with the bar and neat 70s lighting fixtures.   (I think it's the wood paneling that gives it this feel for me.)  I love that they have magazines you can read, it just drives in that you're at home feeling a little bit more.  But yes, its very dimly lit.  I remarked that I thought Bonnie was right and they did run out of lightbulbs.... We were there fairly early in the night and it was very laid back.   (My husband was in shorts)  I didn't get a snobbish vibe.The bartender was good, although I asked for a drink with Ketel One, Red Bull, champagne and grapefruit juice and he gave me one with Ketel One, champagne, Chambord and pineapple.  Close, I guess.  They have bag hooks under the bar which is something that I haven't seen much of here in Arizona and I was really happy about that.   (I hate having to sling my bag off the chair or lay it on the bar.) Oh,  it looked like they might have free wi fi because there was a dude in a chair with his mac laptop.Update:Ok, so I came home from Merc Bar one night ready to write an update to discover it was the ROTD!  Strange conicidence, eh?  This time out we were there on a Saturday night which is a little more hopping than an early Friday evening.  Still casual though, people in jeans, sneakers, t-shirts.  (There were people who were more dressed up, but there was definitely those who weren't.) We were seated at a table this time which I would suggest since it gets full.  Even though it was a Saturday night I still didn't get a snobbish vibe, it was a laid back atmosphere.  Our waitress was a little slow, we had to flag her down every time we wanted something which was a little annoying and she didn't know what a Kir Royale was.   The music was good, well chosen, and not too loud.I really dig it here....I actually don't mind driving "all the way" to Phoenix to come here!
NOTE:  I only had take-out, and it was brought to me by my boss.  She rules!She got me a hummus/grilled/marinated chicken combo.  It has 3 different hummus...es...es (HA!): roasted red pepper, jalapeno and plain ole' hummus.  They are sectioned off in the big plastic container, which rules for my OCD, as I don't like my food touching.  In the center is a PILE (a total monton!) of grilled chicken.  It's got some sort or spicy rub on it, but not too much kick.  It had been marinated, too.  And tender....I think this is the most tender chicken I have ever had.  It made my own tender spots as juicy as the chicken was!I'm not big on pita, so instead she got me a side of cukes.  This thing weighs a ton and I've been eating it for 2 hours.  I have made a mess in my "Make me Yelp" boyshorts.
I have to admit, I normally don't like Chinese food. In fact, it's just about the only style of food I haven't fallen in love with at some point in my life. This is a real problem when you live with someone that would die for Chinese food at all hours of the day/night. I figured out why I never liked Chinese food when I first ate at Asian Cafe Express. It's because everything I've had has been Americanized Chinese Food!!!  It was like an epiphany and seriously music to my tastebuds when I actually found Chinese food I not only liked, I LOVED! Having authentic Chinese food changed my opinion completely about this cuisine.I have to agree with the others... save yourself the time and skip the first few pages. Go straight to the back of the menu to find authentic Hong Kong Style fare. Holy mother of god, everything I've tried has been outstanding and each time I leave saying it was the best meal I've tried thus far. Everything is extremely cheap and the service is superb. The wait staff are always very helpful and knowledgeable about their food. They'll be quick to recommend something if you're having a hard time deciding. Just ask!
I went here with my parents on a super crowded Friday evening. We had to wait about 40 min, but decided to order a couple of drinks while we waited. Once we finally got seated, I decided to order the Chicken Madeira, which is their most popular dish. It was sooo good! It was a huge portion, but I somehow managed to finish it. I can see why everyone loves it! My dad ordered the Ahi and had to get them cook it more b/c it was practically raw and cold. It was probably supposed to be like that, but he didn't know what he was getting himself into. They took extra care in getting this done - both our waiter and the manager came over to make sure they were on the same page as my dad before cooking it more thoroughly. They also brought my dad a complimentary house salad while he waited. We decided to end our meals by all splitting a piece of their Peanut Butter Cup cheesecake. OMG. So good. Most importantly, we found that the service at this location was really good! Our waiter was funny, and rolled with the punches...nothing seemed to phase him.
Mims Burger & Mexican Food was revealed to me by my sister and sometimes when I think about it (even when I JUST ate), my stomach growls.  The restaurant itself just SMELLS GOOD sitting there and waiting for your food to arrive.The strange name would sort of, you know, ordinarily turn me off from trying the place because I think when restaurants serve this AND this they usually just serve two wildly different forms of food, both of which suck.  Mims serves legitimately good Mexican food, burgers, hotdogs and everything else.Even if you're NOT in the area, it's worth going a bit out of your way for it.Five stars.  Places don't get much better.
We've got another first timer here...!I am just as shocked as the next person that after many years in Seattle, I had never had Bubble Tea.  Gasp!  You can get it almost as readily as Starbucks.  I learned it's also called Boba and maybe one other name.  It's all the same to me.  Same-same.I had my first boba initiation at the recent Office Hours with Gabi.  I was completely overwhelmed by the options presented to me: what type of chewies (for the record, that term just doesn't seem right), base drink, optional flavorings, etc.  It was a lot for this gal to handle.  Luckily, Alica B. was at my side leading me down the boba path.  She helped me pick out a concoction of Thai iced tea and regular boba.  Gotta start with the original boba, right?  She ended up with a coffee drink with coffee jellies.  I feel like I'm now "in the know" because she asked for the coffee jellies and even though they weren't on the menu, they indeed had them.  That's a little insider's tip from me to you.  Wink wink.  She was so excited I thought she was going to consider this woman the Patron Saint of Boba and commence worship on the spot.I was surprised to find how incredibly filling boba is.  I wasn't hungry for hours!  Overall, it was good.  I don't see myself craving boba, but if someone wants to go, then I'm in.  I'll check out the jellies in my next go round.  If the craving is boba, I would definitely recommend this place!
Upper Crust is like Grimaldi's on steroids. The two places have nearly identical decor and the pizza is extremely similar. Upper Crust uses a little more cheese which is nice, but they also use cornmeal on the crust which I am not crazy about. The wings are huge and delicious, especially with the honey BBQ sauce. The meatballs are nothing special (with or without the mozzarella cheese), but Stephanie H would disagree. Happy hour is Monday-Friday 4pm to 7pm and on Wednesdays they offer half off on bottles of wine. Overall, it is a very good pizza and I plan on returning. Next time I'll be giving that pizza cookie a try. I really liked Upper Crust, but Grimaldi's in Old Town is still my favorite for traditional NY style thin crust pizza.
Food is OK - sometimes good - used to be great.  The service is terrible and a 25 minute wait for lunch on Saturday at 1:00?  Seriously?  It seems the restaurant relies on takeout - hostess ignored folks waiting to get on the wait list (irony intended) to serve carryout customers - could the tips have an influence?We were finally seated - had Shrimp Pad Thai and Red Chicken Curry - the curry was very good, but shrimp was overcooked and the dish tasted substantially different from last visit.  The restaurant is incredibly loud, to the point of distracting.  We used to go here often, but will be eating at other places from now on when Saturday shopping.
Wow, I am surprised at the last review.  I have found the food at Bada Boom Pasta Room to be excellent every time I have been there.  I am in love with Mr. Pink's Pasta. It has a delightful vodka sauce, and you can also add proscuitto wrapped shrimp as well. They have a fantastic martini selection a well, and the decor it hip and fun.  Did anyone say red velvet walls?  Great place!
i just finished licking my fingers clean and almost ate the dressing-drenched paper that held my very first, and surely not last, lucky boy international burger.crispy bun, tons of dressing, fresh lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and onions, and a perfectly tender, smokey burger. thick, perfectly salted, crunchy on the outside and soft and burning hot on the inside fries. thick and deliciously sweet chocolate and peanut butter shake.gone. in less than 5 minutes.place closes early, so unfortunately there will be no drunk trips through the dangerously narrow drive thru.
These folks pour a DRINK for $3 on Saturdays! They have daily specials and the Saturday special is $3 SoCo or Three Olives. Saturdays also offer a turkey cheeseburger and fries for $5, but I didn't try it. You can see all their specials by hovering your cursor over the day of the week on their home page (http://www.16th.st/index.html)It was NOT crowded when we cruised in for the Sun Devil game this past weekend. We were greeted by a guest who asked if we had a reservation and then hollered to the waitress who said there may be a wait. At least they have a sense of humor!The advantage for us was we got to take our pick of the TV we wanted to view the game. There were two Texas Hold 'Em poker tables going (not my thing so I don't know specifics) and I saw pool tables in a separate area -- photos on the website make it look like there's shuffleboard too.Definitely looking forward to going back. It was a great place to watch a game. I'll have to try the food next time and maybe they'll get a bump to 4 stars (although, I observed their nachos are real cheese nachos, and I'm a fake cheese nacho girl so I'm gonna have to pick another game day food!)
Quick spot for a mall-made mayo-based California roll. This is where you go to learn how sushi can go wrong.You've been hard at work doing swipe-and-sign. Perhaps you even dropped a thousand bucks at Neiman's on a worthless Jhane Barnes' sweater and some silk-lined Zanella slacks or three thousand on a whats-left-of-last-season's-collection of Brioni blazer. Whatever your fancy, you're toting a wrist full of roped, glossy, shooshing-sounding bags with tissue paper sticking out the tops. You just want a break and some cool refreshing sushi.It's OK, but beware. Unagi and other "hot" items have a "beep-beep beep-beep" before they get to you. California and spicy tuna rolls come real quick -- 'cause they come from a vat of mayonnaise. Rice is not right either. Stick to tuna and salmon sashimi and miso soup.If head chef Rick is there (think Kyoto of Empire at 24th and Camelback, then Ichi Ban, University off McClintock), ask him to make you a Fat Bob on Acid, for good ol' times' sake. Or just go to Starbucks, tide yourself over, and find a real sushi restaurant.And about the Brioni... Don't sweat the buyer's remorse. It'll make a great tax deduction to Florence's.
HUGE fan!Love Poncho, the birthday strobe lights, the food and the service. This is a go-to for my boyfriend and I when we're looking for sushi. More likely than not, we'll opt for the all you can eat option for $20/ person. With that comes with miso soup, salad, sashimi, your AYCE picks, ice cream and with a special frequent customer request, this awesome pan seared, naturally fatty sea bass belly and salmon cheeks, which are AMAZING. Not a taste for everyone, kinda bizarre for most. But this will be well appreciated by traditional Asian taste and PERFECT for me. Loyalist here.
For those of you who love Indian/Pakistani food, but hate dives, Z-Grill just may turn your whole world upside down. In all foodie honesty, Z-Grill is home to some of the best Indo-Pak food I've ever had. This praise comes with a reminder though...it is divey.Z-Grill is located inside Zam Zam World Market, which is a decent little grocery, but it lacks the umph that other well-known ethnic groceries delivery. With that being said though, other groceries lack Z-Grill, and this is why it matters...Everything I've tried from the restaurant, and I mean everything thus far, delivers. From the hummus, to the samosas, to the chana and even to the paneer masala and chicken karahi, I've only been disappointed when I realized that I was down to the last bite. The flavors are robust, the sauces are spicy and, surprisingly, the prices are unbelievably reasonable.  It's safe to say that I'm addicted to this place. **A word of caution when trying Z-Grill. They are sometimes out of items on the menu. I find that charming cause they have to make everything from scratch, others might not. If they happen to be out of something, do yourself a favor and just try something else.**I cannot say enough good things about the food from Z-Grill. This is a must-try in the valley for anyone who has a love for spicy Indo-Pak food. Go try it!
The name sounds like it's straight out of a book filled with a happy storyline, friendly characters and sunny days. And Chestnut Lane, the eatery, lives up to expectations. For the ultimate lady who lunches, this should be # 1 in her book. I discovered this lunch spot awhile back and immediately made my way there to check it out. From day one, I was hooked and have visited several times. Chestnut Lane is small, quaint and every bit as charming as the house they call home. When I first walked in, I saw gorgeous fresh salads to the left, begging me to take them home. Fresh pastries, cookies and cupcakes lined the counter top and refreshing water made their home in reusable milk-type jars in the refrigerator. The owner runs the shop and takes great care of the environment and the food they serve. From ladies who lunch, to professionals on the go...this spot is normally packed during lunch hour, so get there early. My favorite dishes include: the lobster salad (worth every penny), the tuna meld, chopped salad and honey roasted chicken blt. It's hard to escape without a bag of their delicious cookies or a mini cupcake. If it's mini, that means zero calories right? :) For those looking for a healthier option, their fresh fruit is full of amazing berries, etc. Hours: Better hurry and make it during store hours! Chestnut Lane is only open Tuesday-Friday from 8-3 and Saturday from 8-1.
EXCELLENT TRIP TO THE SPA!!!!! A trip to the Aji Spa (located at the Sheraton Wildhorse Pass Resort and Spa) was at the top of my list during my recent trip to Arizona on Memorial Day Weekend. We made our reservations well in advance. Having gone to a few spa resorts, I couldn't wait to pay this one a visit. My cousin and I were each booked for the Little Yellow Bird spa package, which was comprised of 2 services each. We arrived about 15 minutes prior to our appointment time and was given a tour of the spa. After changing in the women's locker room, and relaxing in the private women's lounge area (there's a large lounge area, but it's co-ed), our masseuses met us and brought us into our room. My cousin and I decided for our first service to be the Companion Massage. After only having solo massages, I was interested how a companion massage differed. The 50 minute Aji Massage flew by. My masseuse was professional and the massage given was very comfortable, relaxing and beneficial. After our massages were completed, we had some time in between our next service, feeling a little hungry, we decided to grab some lunch from the spa's cafe. I ordered the flatbread pizza and it was TO DIE FOR! Seeded flatbread topped off with a garlic peppery aioli, grilled chicken pieces, pesto sauce, marinated bell peppers, melted cheese and avocado. My visit was a month and a half ago and my memory, a little fuzzy, but that was one of the best lunches I've had in a long time!! After lunch sometime, we each were up for our second service, our facials!!! Due to my skin type, I received the Aji Rain Facial. My esthetician was wonderful! Her hands were soft and gentle while working on my face and we had some lovely conversation during the 50 minute procedure. I left that room with my face feeling renewed, clean and fresh!All spa treatments include full use of the spa's facilities so we definitely made well use of that! After our facials, we used the sauna (the steam room was out of service during our visit) and whirlpools located on the women's locker side. We then relaxed and lounged by the outside pool. The Aji Spa is such a calm, warm and relaxing environment that I ended up taking a nap! Outside! In desert heat! Thank goodness for the wooden awning with misters attached and the huge patio umbrellas providing shade! The staff at the spa provided excellent service! From the front desk, to our masseuse, the esthetician, the cafe staff and the locker room attendant! While napping, one of the staff from the cafe even brought us iced water with lemon and cucumber slices in it!Our appointment started at 12pm and with our 2 procedures, and lunch, we should have been done and out of there within a few hours. But the point of visiting the spa was to relax, and with Aji Spa being such a lovely place, we just didn't want to leave!  We finally left nearly 8 hours after our arrival, and we would have stayed longer if we could! I highly recommend Aji Spa to anyone visiting the Phoenix area, or if you're looking for a new spa to travel to! Aji Spa is a beautiful spa with excellent staff and service. They even emailed me the same day of my service as a "Thank You" for visiting and included a discount coupon on my next visit! A 5-star spa, indeed!
Yes, the place is busy every time I go there, and it takes 20 minutes or so to get your orderYes, the inside is cheesy and cheap with folding tables and could definitely use a makeoverYes, the location is...ummm...well lets just say its a "working class neighborhood"BUT they've got the best fish tacos I've ever had, and everything on their Mexico City street food style menu is outstanding. The $1 tacos are "mini-tacos" so get 3 or 4 of them, a couple of fish tacos, maybe a side of rice and/or beans and you will be all set.Go there. Just leave yourself plenty of time, it's well worth the wait.
Food--The fire roasted garlic tomato soup is excellent.  They sprinkle tortilla chips for garnish over a tiny dollop of sour cream.  Mmmmm.  Yummy.  The mixed green salad with albacore tuna is also a delightful choice, as is the turkey wrap and CA Chicken sandwich with pesto mayo.  Drip coffee and espresso drinks are good, too.  Overall, everything tastes great because it's made fresh.  No pre-packaged items here.Seating--Lots of booths and tables inside and out.  They have a cozy little set up with what looks to be 'lounge' chairs that accommodates 6 with swivel tables perfect, for savoring your beverage of choice.  The rest of the dining area looks like it has capacity for about 100 people, if all seats were filled despite a placard declaring the maximum capacity is '311'.Peak times--avoid lunchtime during the weekdays.  It would appear that all of Surprise is feenin for a sandwich or soup/salad special from PB during 11-1PM.  The lines are long and you can forget about getting back to work in under an hour if you factor in commute time, food prep & consumption.  IT'S IMPOSSIBLE.  The only time service has been 'fast' is during breakfast.  I've been there for a breakfast networking event and on a Saturday.  During these times, I received my order promptly and had little trouble locating a table.Free stuff--this would include WiFi, bread samples with tasty spreads, muffin and/or cookie bits.  Bonus points for free stuff!PB is open Mon-Sat 7AM-9PM and Sun 7AM-6PM.
Awesome! I highly recommend this place! Incredible atmosphere inside and out, the bar design is superb and the patio is the perfect spot for relaxing and enjoying drinks with friends. I went for the second time recently and have to give this place a stellar review. The menu is innovative and fresh! The mixed drinks are killer and the wine on tap was an extremely pleasant surprise. Plus, you can't beat their happy hour seven days a week!  I have had the crab cake BLT and the halibut sandwich, which were both out of this world! Everything I saw coming out of the kitchen looked amazing and I can't wait to go back and try all the others.  The servers were great and knowledgeable about their menu which is always a big plus! As a parent, I love that this place is a perfect day/night out spot for a date or hanging with friends but also a family oriented neighborhood joint where I can bring my kiddo along! Love that Churn is right next door to get some yummy dessert after an incredible meal!  The design is spot on for this area! Great job!
Appears to be CLOSED.Phone number not in service. Went by last week & was all locked up with a realtor sign on the building.
Let's start by disclosing that I grew up in New Orleans, went to school in Lafayette (home of the Ragin Cajuns), and REALLY know good New Orleans/cajun food. I grew up eating great po-boys, gumbo, red beans, and wouldn't consider eating any of these if not well prepared. That said, I can truly say that Jennifer and the Flavors of Louisiana gang make cajun food as good as any you'll find in New Orleans--SERIOUSLY. The po-boys are spot on (though the bread could be a little crustier) and the chicken & andouille gumbo is even better than mine--and, I assure you, that's DAMN GOOD. Frankly, I've never had better. The only thing that is not "as good as it gets" is the red beans and rice. They're good, but not quite the creamy "Washday Monday" staple that I grew up on. My cajun grandmother has Jennifer beat on that one, but not by much. But, if you want a special treat and want to taste something that kills all, get a sausage po-boy. Hot sausage or smoked sausage po-boys are a New Orleans staple and my favorite po-boys of all. But, Jennifer blows them all away with her home-made andouille. Simply put, I've never had better sausage--ever. It's the reason her gumbo is soooo good and her po-boy the best ever.I've eaten at Flavors many times, even though I live across town. Every time I go, I eat like a pig and bring some home to eat later. I have no affiliation with the restaurant, but wanted to post this as a review from someone who really knows New Orleans food and as a thank you to Jennifer and her crew for giving me a source for the best flavors in the World (not just Louisiana). As a matter of fact, I even overlook the fact that Jennifer is from Baton Rouge, instead of New Orleans or Lafayette and for not having any USL/UL Lafayette paraphernalia on the LSU/Saints wall. At least that is, so long as she keeps her promise to open another restaurant on the east side of town--that is, a lot closer to where I live.If you want the ONLY good cajun food in Phoenix, treat yourself to Flavors of Louisiana. For me, it's just like a visit to any of my favorite po-boy shops in the old neighborhoods. It really is that good.
This is another one of those restaurants I would have never known about if it wasn't for Yelp. San Diego Bay Restaurant is tucked away in the corner of a shopping center on the main drag in Guadalupe.It's taken me a long time to review this place. The first time I went was over two years ago and I've been back a few times.  I have to admit, I've never had better Mexican seafood. Unfortunately since it's been awhile, I've forgotten what I ordered. I can tell you this though, every dish has been superb. Each bite was like heaven. I left wanting to try everything on the menu. The servers always steered me towards great dishes with their recommendations and I've taken many people here, much to their delight. They've all raved about it.
I couldn't agree with David more.  The owner is definitley an interesting  person.  The more money she thinks you make, the more she will talk to and love you!  So tell her you are RICH!! (Sorry Didi C.) As for the food -  Ho hum VN food at high for what you get prices.  The Pho is very avg and double the usual price. They don't charge a corkage fee for  BYOB which is nice.
It's rare that I have a date with my husband on a Monday afternoon/evening, but this past Memorial Day, we did just that.  After a quick visit to the Science Center (the Van Gogh alive exhibit is a must-see by the way), we were hungry so we headed over to Rice Paper.  Neither of us had ever been before, and we were pleased with our experience.It was a tad bit too hot to sit outside, although they do have a covered patio with misters.  We walked in and were seated and greeted promptly by Al, our server.  He's quite the character.  He made us laugh quite a bit in addition to being attentive and making some recommendations.  We enjoyed the stylish renovated house / hip colorful atmosphere as well.We ended up ordering a few things and sharing.  Highlights included the firecracker shrimp. a spider roll, a shrimp roll, and a zen salad.  Everything was light and tasted fresh.  We really enjoyed the dipping sauces that came with the spring rolls.  They've got such a huge selection of the spring rolls, that I can't wait to return to try some of the others.  They don't have a huge selection of Vietnamese entrees, but it appears that they will custom create a bit upon request.I highly recommend going for the "food happy hour."  It's from 3pm - 6:30pm and includes $6 appetizers & $1 off all spring rolls.  Such a deal!  We didn't take advantage of it, but the "drinks happy hour" is actually 11am - 6:30pm and specialty drinks are $6, house wine by the glass is $5, well drinks are $4, and draft beer is just $2.75.If only Rice Paper was a tad bit closer to home, I could see myself being a regular... Instead, I'll keep it high on my list of spots to return to when I find myself heading downtown!
Cibo! Cibo! Cibo!  I love you and your cute old farm house, your amazing pizza, affordable wine, awesome crepe desserts, and fabulous staff!I want to live in the apartment above the restaurant!! Go to Cibo for awesome food, charming atmosphere, and a great time for a girls night or on a date.  Cibo has quickly become my favorite place in Phoenix! *They're closed on Sundays...found this out the hard way.
La Grande Orange Grocery has a problem. It can't decide what it wants to be when it grows up, and that makes the overall experience iffy. Is it a quick mart? A grocery store? A restaurant? A coffee shop? Unfortunately, it can't be all of them.I love La Grande Orange Pizzeria, when there is table service, fun wait-staff, and delicious food. But during the day on the weekends, the Grocery is too busy and unorganized to tolerate. It is not set up for the crowd, they do a poor job of line management, and when there is a line to order, the rest of the Grocery is impossible to navigate. To top it off, the counter staff shouts at you when your food is ready. Unnecessary.I'll certainly be back at night for the pizza, the delicious wings, and to partake of the best gelato shop adjacent to LGO. But I'm afraid that I won't be back for the weekend chaos.
My husband and I have been going to the Touch of Thai for years. We meet up there at least twice a month for a lunch date. On special occasions we take friends and family there for dinner. I love the wait staff - especially Nick! His wonderful sarcasm and jokes always make our day! For the amount of food you get at lunch at the price they charge - you can't beat it. Everything is homemade and tastes fresh. #3 Yellow Curry is my hubby's favorite. Rich coconut based sauce with yellow curry. The chicken is tender and the potatoes and carrots are cooked perfectly. I venture off and try things from time to time. The food is spicy. I like the incorporation of fresh herbs into the dishes. The soup served with lunch is always yummy and changes from time to time. We always get a side order of spring rolls. You need to try these! I like the Pad Thai as well as the #5 and #7 lunch specials. Meals are served fairly quickly. Sometimes we have to get up and refill our own water glasses however I find this to be a wee bit charming. Feels like I am home. If you go there on a regular basis the servers remember you, have your order into the kitchen before you even are seated, and always say hello and smile.
Rare find in the East Valley! Cute Cupcakes and the place definitely has character!I ate a coconut cupcake with sprinkled coconut and glitter on top. I only bought one cupcake and took it hope to share with my 3 roommates. It made me wish I had more cupcakes to share with the rest of them! We took our forks and gulped it down. The pink frosting was delicious and melted right in our mouth. The cupcake itself was very rich and moist. They must have substituted milk for the water while baking it, I could tell, so moist and mouth watering. I will be coming back here to eat for breakfast and lunch. Its a great place to study.
Traveling sure makes me hungry! After a long flight from Chicago I was just about to break into my 3rd bag of pop chips when it was time for lunch. Hooray!I joined the infamous Lindsey F and Gabi M for lunch here at Daily Dose. When we walked in Gabi told me it was a 3 star restaurant. I wasn't sure why we were eating at a 3 star restaurant when surrounded by so many fabulous dining establishments, but any food would do.We were able to grab a table immediately, the menu is pretty extensive and our waitress was friendly. But yep..3 stars. My rock shrimp tacos sure beat another bag of pop chips, but weren't anything special.  And the friendly waitress forgot about our hummus appetizer.If I was in the area I wouldn't hesitate to grab a quick bite or drink here, but nothing here to hop on a plane back to Phoenix.
Food is good. Don't take kids though.Kids pasta was $7 with no accompaniments.
Yelpers prove to be right yet again with the average 3 stars on this one... I was craving sushi and had a hot date with my sister-in-law last night to do dinner and a movie... It just so happened that Eat Pray Love was playing at the Tempe Marketplace Harkins Theater, so we decided to meet at Kabuki before the movie.  I walked in first and asked how long the wait was for two... I as told 10 or 15 minutes.  Not so bad... so I decided to wait.  I walked outside and met up with my Alexa and we came back in about ten minutes later... As we did so, two other women came in and I saw that they were seated right away.  I looked at Alexa, looked up at the hostess stand, was thinking (WTF), and then went and asked nicely where we were on the list.  "There are two tables before you," I was told.  "It will likely be another ten minutes or so." At that, I responded, "is there another option, perhaps sushi bar, that I don't know about?"And alas, there sure was... (they neglected to give me that option when I originally checked-in).  We were seated at the sushi bar at that moment and went on to have a very underwhelming meal.  Here's why:-While the large portion cucumber salads we ordered were extremely tasty, the cucumbers were cut lengthwise in such a way that it was difficult to eat.  I prefer cucumbers diced in smaller pieces so they are easier to eat!-Service - our waiter wasn't the friendliest... I felt kind of rushed by him when we were there.  Additionally, since we were seated in the middle of the sushi bar, all of the wait staff would reach over us to pick up the sushi for their tables, which was very distracting while we were eating!  Perhaps they could've moved the sushi ready for pick-up to the side of the sushi bar to avoid distracting guests in the future?-The sushi itself was good; not amazing.  We had a Sunset roll, a Lotus roll, a Large roll, and an order of Ikura.  I didn't realize the Lotus roll was going to have a ton of mayo along with the baked Lobster that came on top of it... it was a bit on the creamy side for my liking.-To top things off, when the bill came, they overcharged us... a simple mistake, but given our experience, it was just one more negative thing... and then when I pointed it out, I barely got an apology at all.With so many other restaurants to choose from in the Tempe Marketplace, I am not sure I'll return to Kabuki.  If I do, however, I will wait for a regular table!
I'm not a big "organic" kind of guy.  I could care less about hormone free this and BPA free that.  For me it all about flavor and service - it has to be better than I can make it myself and you have to take better care of us than I can.Having said that, I'm HEAD OVER HEELS in love with the food at Tryst!  Service is family oriented too.  They treat you like a regular on your first trip in the door and burgers are to die for.As a die-hard burger man, this is my default stop.  It is close to the house, in a pleasant shopping center, and has the best burger I've ever eaten in Phoenix.  I'd give it an extra half star if Yelp would let me.  This place is that good!
As a visitor to Scottsdale, I thought a stroll through the farmers market was a great way to get a taste of the local flavor--literally. And it was! There's a great mix of vendors, who sell everything from baked goods to coffee, from vegan wraps to preserves. There are also some interesting services like pet massages!Like Vicky T. said, it was surprising to see dogs with their owners wandering through the farmers market, because that's against code in California. But I thought it was great, and with the pet masseuse and a doggy and kitty treat vendor, it totally made sense.Farm Sessions, where local chefs give cooking demos with produce from the market, is a great idea I'd like to see at my local farmers market. It did seem odd, though, that all the produce at the market was in one corner. It was the shadiest spot, so maybe that's why?Anyway, this was a great way to spend a Saturday morning and was very relaxing compared to my local farmers markets, where I often feel like I need to start throwing some elbows to get through the crowd.
I really enjoy That's A Wrap... all of the food I've ordered here has been really enjoyable, plus it's all a really good value for the money. My favorite wrap here is the Prince of Thai, sin pollo con tofu. The Veggie Bowl is also another good option and I'm pleased they can make anything vegetarian. Worth a stop for lunch, however, the parking lot is tight and I have been here more than once when it was full.
The food is simple, pure and uncomplicated; you taste (and hopefully enjoy) each ingredient. However, as with most minimally processed cooked foods, it does not travel well.  So, eat in. Luckily the decor is modern and compliments the menu well which makes eating in a pleasure.   My only down note is on the service. If you are not careful when you enter the restaurant, you may enter through the door of invisibility and will become invisible to the employees. As a result, you may stand at the counter while they work around you but do not recognize your presence until the invisibility dust (or whatever makes you invisible) wears off.  Based upon my late lunch experience today, the dust takes 4 iPhone e-mail responses or texts to be removed (10ish minutes). Regrettably, I only had three unanswered e-mails in my inbox and had to leave before I could be seen by the employees. On a positive note, when you leave (regardless of the time you waited), the invisibility dust seems to be removed. I know this as no one honked or screamed at my car as it drove away without a driver.
Blurb for iPhone App: Great Enchiladas, Chips and Salsa made fresh, but beans left something to be desired.  Give it a try nonetheless.I just wrote the last part because I will be on the Yelp app, and notice that I often start my review with something that is not useful at all... which is that everyone sees when searching on their mobile phones.  So I guess you could say I'm optimizing for mobile.  Ok, now on the full review.  Took off a star for the beans... they just weren't great.  The person with me had a taco salad, and said they didn't get a lot of meat in it... and the rice was good, but not great.  However, this was balanced by the chips and salsa (which I always eat so much of that I'm not hungry by the time the food shows up) which seemed to be made fresh, not too hot, but with plenty of flavor.  The "hot" sauce (hot is entirely objective here) was very good, and I used that for my chips as much as the salsa.  Didn't ask if they had anything hotter, as the true chilehead will think it's pretty mild...I had a chicken enchelada with green sauce and a cheese with red.. and although I usually like the green better, the red here is great.  One word of advice however - don't step on the scale the next morning, because you are going to stuff yourself while you are here.
What vegetarian goes to a place like Logan's Roadhouse? The kind that will sacrifice herself for the sake of her people because she drove all the way from San Diego to AZ at midnight and had no kind of sleep, but still managed to get there and say, "Hey, I'm taking all you fools out to dinner, my treat, where do you want to go???"And, they picked this place. Oh woe is me. If you've been to Texas Roadhouse, then you've been to Logan's Roadhouse. I'm pretty sure it's the same damn place. Peanut shells on the floor, MEAT and potatoes galore, and loud people everywhere--Which is fine, because my people are very loud. The overloaded mashed potatoes was a hit, I was pissed that they were out of onion petals, and our waitress seemed really confused. But, she was nice, so I can't really talk too much crap. As long as everyone in my party had a good time, I'm happy.
Kristi's review said, "Great romantic spot to bring a date. Secures that you will be getting action later, trust me." Well, that's good enough for me. And before the Yelp paparazzi shows up to muckrack... no I didn't take Kristi to Cheuvront's. I know better than that - I only hang with Kristi at dive bars. So I did take my lovely date to Cheuvronts. The decor and ambiance - think wide open and urban and dark without being too dark. It really set a mood. We ordered a bottle of wine from a fantastic list, along with a cheese plate and a pate plate. We had them select the cheeses to pair with the wine we had chosen with a few instructions as to cheese preferences. They have a selection of pates as well, and we had them choose similarly.The cheese plate contained three cheeses, all superb. It was served with (good!) bread, some nuts, and some dried cranberries. The two pate plate was similarly served with bread and dark, delicious mustard. The pates were fantastic - the cheese plate and pate plate seemed destined to be served together. The food and drink were great, the service a little spotty especially since there weren't that many people in there. I'm guessing the waitress just didn't want use to feel like she was bothering us. After taking our time to enjoy the wine, cheese, and pate, we were both feeling full with no room for even dessert. Overall, a great meal, my date thought it was one of the best places she had ever been to, and I'm clearly going to have to pay more attention to Kristi's reviews.
I feel like Top's has been getting angrier and more bitter over time.  I called on Fourth of July just to see if they were open and they guy on the other line told me, "Yeah and we're a madhouse.  Each minute I spend on the phone with you is another body out the door," and hung up on me.I wanted to call back and tell him, "You know, the amount of time that it took you to say that, you probably lost two bodies out there door.  You could have just said, 'Yes we are!' and that would have sufficed.  Instead, you had to be snarky so I'm calling you back specifically to waste your time."Instead, I'm just going to Yelp about it.On multiple occasions coming back over the past few months, I feel like I'm tip-toeing through the house when someone's mad at me.  I don't get it.  There's a serious vibe of negativity going on.  Specifically, the guy who acted like a fuckface over the phone has been snarky and bitchy a few times to me.  Oh, and refrigerate your fucking beer.  I'm tired of having to pop my shit in the freezer for 45 minutes cause the beer or champagne I buy is piss warm.
You are seeing a continuing trend here. When it first opened it was a 5 star place but since then the pizza has been inconsistent and going down hill. The last pizza I ordered, the crust was soggy and it had too much yeast. The cheese was also too rubbery and tasteless.I grew up watching 90210 like many of us "old folks." They had the Peach Pit. Do you remember that place. Well Jimmy and Joes is the pizza version of the Peach Pit. Yes, me and my 30's felt age inappropriate when I arrived. And I immediately felt like I was in high school again when I went to grab a tiny ketchup cup to grab some wing sauce and they said it was 60 cents. Another person walked in and they gave him a hard time because he didn't have his coupon on him even though he read the coupon code over the phone. It had that high school vibe..you know the one I'm talking about the..."I owe you 3 dollars and I'll pay you back tomorrow." vibe.  That vibe is felt when you park there. There is limited parking as it is and whatever parking they have, there are signs that limit you to 20 minutes parking almost implying they don't want you to eat there. I was too afraid to take napkins because I'm sure it had some price or limitation attached just like everything else there.I've eaten here several times and I've reached this conclusion: eat at the place but don't pick up pizza here. JJ specializes in the one slice and drink. Their short slices are done well and if you don't eat it hot when it comes right out of the oven, it loses it's flavor fast. I've picked up pizza and it's almost like two different pizzas. When I picked it up, the cheese was exrtremely rubbery and the crust was so chewy like steak. This is a great place for a short lunch or a business lunch but I wouldn't order several pies if I was hosting a Superbowl party or had people over.
After a night of debauchery with friends, my friend and I found ourselves craving a comforting bowl of Pho. I've been a regular at Cyclo's for quite sometime but decided to branch out and try something new. I was pleasantly surprised with Pho Ao Sen! I am always happy when I enter an Asian restaurant and see Asians patrons...probably sounds a little weird but to me it speaks volumes. The tranquil aesthetics of this quaint cafe made us feel welcomed and relaxed. The decor had a modern Asian feel: minimalistic organic zen with soft ambient music playing - perfect for a Sunday afternoon.We ordered the Pho Dac Biet Bo Vien- House PHO'nomenal (House special combination of *sliced eye round steak, well-done brisket, well-done flank, soft tendon, tripe, and beef meatball) and the Pho Tai (Sliced eye round steak) and Goi Cuon- Spring Rolls. As with most Vietnamese restaurants the portion size of Pho is quite large and we could have shared. Both were delicious, filling, and had a nice aroma but nothing too overpowering. I've experienced a few places that use a little too much anise, so much that you can't get an overall sense of all the delightful herbs and spices used in this delicious creation. The Spring Rolls had a very fresh crisp flavor and were the perfect accompaniment to the Pho. I give Pho Ao Sen 5 stars! Best Pho I've had in the valley, beautiful atmosphere and friendly staff makes me one happy girl! :)
Spotted Donkey Cantina is amazing!  They have delicious Mexican food, and fantastic margaritas to wash everything down with. You do have to pay for chips and salsa here, so there probably won't be any of that four bowl snacking before your main entree's come, but the medley of salsa's it comes with make it all worth it.I've tried quite a few of the dishes here, and they've all been excellent.  In no particular order are my favorites:cheddar enchilada's with hatch chiles and rice...spicy!santa fe macaroni and cheese...again- spicy!cod and shrimp tostada's- delicious!shrimp fajitasshrimp tacosAnd for dessert:fried banana wraps or the mango margarita sundae!"
Ahh, the crave.  Having grown up Vietnamese, I consider myself something of an expert on Vietnamese cuisine.  So I've had great (of course, my grandmother's and mother's food is 5 star), and I've had horrible.  Pho Van (putting accents on the vowels is difficult with an American keyboard, so I'm not going to bother) falls in the middle--not my favorite, but not too bad.We started with appetizers.  Cha gio, which is a pork filled roll in a won ton wrapper, was okay.  It tasted not so fresh, but had good filling, and the Nuoc Mam (a fish sauce used to flavor) was okay.  My wife and I had Goi Cuon, which is a shrimp and pork, with vermicelli noodle rolled in a rice paper wrapper, was pretty good.  This is dipped in a  peanut sauce.I had the basic Pho Tai.  This is a soup, typically pre-prepared by putting cooked rice vermicelli noodles at the bottom of a bowl, and then very thinly sliced beef, and then hot Pho broth poured over the soup to essentially reconstitute the noodles and cook the beef.  The secret to Pho is really the broth.  Typically, this needs to stand on its own to make a good judgement.  It does--it was flavorful, tasted fresh, and had a very rich flavor.  I was pleased.  For my own purposes, I do add Hoisin Sauce and Srirachi Hot Sauce.  Having eaten here once before, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed.  The only criticism I would have of this Pho is that there's not enough of it.  The standard bowl did not have much in the way of noodles or beef.  For $8, I was hoping for more food.The rest of my family members had Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio.  This is a traditional dish with rice vermicelli noodles, barbecued pork, and cha gio, over which you pour Nuoc Mam.  There is a bed of fresh vegetables.  This is what I typically think of when I think of Asian Salad--it's bean sprouts, lettuce, mint, and cucumber.  The barbecued pork tasted quite good as did the Cha Gio, once again.  I found this food quite good as well.  The restaurant was very clean, relatively quiet.  There's a very pretty fish tank.  The decor was very nice.  The staff was attentive, and service was quick.  I note though that it was 5:30pm on a Friday, and the restaurant was unbusy.  The Nuoc Mam smelled very funny to me though--I'm used to the smell of this food additive, and this one smelled quite odd to me.  We are talking about something called "fish sauce" though, so I'm sure there are variants.  It tasted fine so no worries.  Staff needs to use cleaner towels when they wipe the tables as it does leave its own smell as well.
Again, I'm trying to mix things up again on my end, and since Gold Bar was packed with no seating, I decided to go elsewhere and get my internet and coffee on.  This place is a little out of the way for me, but they offer free wifi, have great hours and serve donuts!!!!!  Hooray for donuts!The place is small.  Counter seating only and its limited.  Parking is adaquet, and considering its a Sunday afternoon, an open seat is always a sight to see.Service here is fine, and their donut selection is decent considering how late in the day it is for these guys. I don't go to Dunkin Donuts often, but thier always there when I need them.  I love the free wifi too!  hooray!The one downside to this whole thing??  ITS FREEZING IN HERE.  I feel like I'm in a morgue its so dam cold.  Anyways, I will be back!!
Gourmet markets, to me, are like candy shops to a sugar freak. "Hello, my name is Thomas. And I am a FoodAholic." There I said it. Do you feel better. Huh? Oh. Sorry. Didn't mean to get so defensive. But how can you defend AJ's? How? How I ask you? Ok, so it's REALLY expensive. And, yes, they should provide a blood donor center at the entrance to give cash on the spot for shoppers plasma. I HATE huge markets. Fry's too big. Safeway just right. AJ's just right and then some. The produce section is perfection. Not mounds and mounds of produce you know is wrinkling and rotting more than Bea Arthur in season 6 of the Golden Girls. Cute little baskets hold just enough fruit and veggies to select from and not too much where you know it's all riddled with germs and spiddle. The meats and cheeses? Oh, my! The filet (at a whopping $34.99 a pound) is worth every bite. Of course it'll be a year or so when I would pay that much again. Hello? Blood donation station idea! The ready made food is dee lish...curry chicken salad and brocolli delight to name two. Yes, it' s called brocolli delight. My gay ass did not name it. I would have called it beautiful broccoli. Just rolls off the tongue better. I've never had a cart wobble...see Fry's review...they ride smooth and apparently are good for the enviornment. Flowers, baked goods, dishes....AJ's. It's here. I'm queer. Get used to it.
I came to Timo for my birthday last week after hearing rave reviews about it from a few friends of mine. I met up with the fabulous Jennifer T. and I was so happy to check this place out!I like any place that I get to walk in through a back door. I passed through the very chill looking patio area first, another plus in my book. Plenty of outdoor seating that looked dangerously inviting once this hot hot heat cools off. Inside was intimate, but with the large windows, it wasn't dark and depressing. Like your own little happy wine bar world.They have an amazing wood burning oven. Normally, that itself is plenty good enough, but then there's the food that comes out of that wonderful oven. I only tried the spinach and artichoke dip, which was the best I have ever had! It didn't have a pool of oil (first time for everything!), it was so fresh, and I really appreciated seeing the bread sliced fresh right in front of us, since we were sitting at the bar. I saw several other things (flatbread)  come out of that oven, and I will have to go back to try them! Everything smelled delicious and was presented with a touch of class without being pretentious. I was also very intrigued by the eggplant dip which is apparently "better than baba!" Now for the drinks. Holy cow. I've been drinking a few years now, so safe to say, I've tried many, many drinks. Or so I thought. Coconut mojito anyone!? Made with Ciroc Coconut vodka!  As tasty as mojitos are, I don't get a long well with rum, so vodka was a pleasant surprise, and the coconut just brought the mmmmmazing factor to a whole new level. I also tried the white sangria, another 5 stars. Great wine list too- Apothic Red is one of a few reds I like, and they have it!  The staff was top notch as well. I arrived shortly before a shift change, and both bartenders were personable and hard working, and truly seemed to enjoy what they were doing. I'm pretty bad with names unfortunately, or I would love to mention them.I can't wait to go back! For drinks and food! I think I'd even go alone for lunch if I didn't have any company!
I don't intend to return, but based on the way we were treated by the kitchen earlier this week, my "uncouth" self doesn't exactly feel welcome anyway. However, I'm not quite convinced that it's my loss... It had been almost a year since my original visit to Breadfruit which did not overwhelm (as you can judge by it taking me a year to make it back) but I did have an appreciation of the option for Caribbean cuisine. Since a friend and I were going to be downtown for an event, I suggested Breadfruit for our dinner spot. We enjoy good food and supporting local. The option to pick up wine at the Public Market next door and have the already reasonable corkage fee waived was a bonus, as we had really enjoyed a couple of the Arizona Stronghold wines at a recent FnB wine pairing and thought they would pair well with the Jamaican heat! While the scallops were delicious and cooked perfectly, 2 for $12.50 -- $6.25 per scallop -- is a tad steep in my book. We also shared the Jerk Chicken Salad ($9.95) and the Jerk Prawns Off the Grill ($14.95). Here's the ultimate rub, the bottom of the menu states "no substitutions or modifications"... Since when is cutting a KFC-side-sized ear of corn a "modification"? At the same time, the menu describes the restaurant and it's offerings as "Nothing fancy; simply good food that nourishes and rejuvenates the body." It seems like cutting something in half so we could easily share it -- particularly after the plate has been delivered to the table for us to appreciate it's "beauty" AND after we've communicated to our server and demonstrated with the first two courses that we were splitting the items -- is in the vein of "nothing fancy." How about providing the customer with an appropriate utensil to cut it themselves, then? The fact that the chef was obstinate in refusing to cut the KFC-side-sized ear of corn provided with our entree screams "pretentious and grandiose" and tainted our entire experience. To quote my dinning companion, "You are not James Beard and James Beard would've cut the corn!"
Let's put it this way... I ordered two topping-heavy small pizzas from Naked Pizza.  I had a Groupon for $20 that only cost me $10.  So, keep in mind I am rating this on my entire experience that cost me merely $10 out of pocket.The good?  The garlic topping is delicious.  The employees were friendly.  They were generous with their toppings.    The bad? Daiya cheese is disgusting on this pizza and tasted like raw dough.  If you're off dairy, get the pizza sans cheese.  It will probably be a lot better!The just okay?  The crust was okay-tasting, if not a little plain and dry.  The sauce was pretty good for one of us and just okay for the other.  This is one of the two times in my life that I have ordered pizza and not kept the leftovers.  Of two adults and three kids eating the two small pizzas, we were left with one and a half 10" pizzas, which we promptly tossed in the bin.  My daughter disliked this pizza so much, she picked off a few of her toppings and then told me she was full (when she said earlier how famished she was).  I am only rating this pizza two stars versus one because I can see that it would be "better" without the Daiya cheese that I chose to have on the pizza instead of mozzarella.
I haven't written a review in ages, but this place is SO GOOD that I'd be ashamed of myself if I didn't review it.I am the most hyberbolic person in the whole world in the history of time, but this time, when I say that it was the best pancakes I've ever had, I'm not kidding.  Just insanely delicious.  Scrambled eggs were also some of the best I've had (and come on, they're scrambled eggs, so you don't expect that much variety), and the breakfast potatoes were very good.  I couldn't pinpoint the seasoning, but it's different than you usually get.Coffee:  Yum.  I don't think I'd even heard of Arbuckle's, but apparently it's got a great reputation, and deservedly so.The owner Joe stopped by our table, and was super nice and genuine.  Service was just fine too.I'm sure Joe's will get a reputation and huge following soon, so believe the hype and check it out.
When people feel a cold coming, they pop a zinc lozenge or tablet to boost the immune system. I have a much better way to get my zinc supplementation: I head over to Pier 83 for their terrific fried oysters. With the first crunchy bite I begin to feel so much better. Placebo effect, probably. But hey ... as long as I get that feel-good boost, I don't care. The fish and chips are also the best I've had in the Valley. And to think that I've previously been trying to get my fish 'n chips fix from the likes of Pete's ... yikes! And their clam chowder is delicious; I don't need to feel under the weather to have an excuse for ordering this tasty bowl of comfort. The friendly staff and comfortable informal atmosphere complete the enticement for many return visits.
I can only comment on two of the smoothies because I am on a banana kick and I choose from one of the two: the Bananrama or the Peanut Butter Chocolate. Oh so good! And now they do offer more than one size!  I have started getting this for dinner versus food! I love it!
For a taste of the exotic, the allure of eating without utensils, and a journey to Ethiopia...Lalibela is your dining destination.  Although this cozy restaurant is located in a strip mall in Tempe, the African art, woven baskets, and boxes of Harar in the hall (Ehtiopian Lager, which is delicious!) give you a small sense that you have stepped into another world.This illusion stays well preserved as you peruse the menu and realize you have never seen anything like it, starting with your inability to pronounce "Yekik Alicha" (split peas).But do not be daunted by this new territory.  Start your adventure to Ethiopia with the "Yekemem Shai," a black tea with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves.  If you are new to Ethiopian, and not sure what to get, the Lalibela Exclusive is the most fantastic combination of dishes you can sample.  Here, you will have a smattering of meat and vegetarian dishes ranging from "Yebeg Alicha Sega Wat" (lamb cubes simmered in kibae, onion, turmeric and herbs) to my personal fave, the "Yekik Alicha" (split peas cooked with onion, turmeric and herbs).Once the food arrives, the basket of "injera" (bread closely resembling a crepe) will become your eating utensils.  Don't be shy, tear off a piece, and use it to scoop the delicious morsels off the plate and into your expectant mouth.  You will not be disappointed.  In fact, you may feel as though you have just stepped off University and into a traveling caravan in the Ethiopian desert.Whether you are a carniverous adventurer, or a vegetarian swashbuckler - you will enjoy the richness and flavors of this unique cuisine. Bring a large appetite, as the food is quite filling.  Dominant meats are beef, chicken and lamb.  Savory veggies to be enjoyed are lentils, peas, cabbages, and collard greens.For a lovely gustative to finish your meal, order a glass of the traditional Ethiopian sweet wine made from honey.Overall, from the service to the food, to the ambiance, an excellent place to bring friends, or a date ;)
Full disclosure: one way or another, I have only been to Roaring Fork for the Happy Hour, but the happy hour is darn good. You can, and you should, get that kettle of green chili pork or the big-ass burger, or better yet, share the two with someone nice. The huckleberry margarita is so good, I've had three in one sitting (no, I wasn't driving!). I fully intend to get over there for dinner soon, because I keep seeing the sugar cured duck on the menu and just thinking about it right now my mouth is watering. It gets pretty busy during the happy hour, though, so be prepared to wait a little if your party is large.
The fry bread in itself was great, it is just what goes inside it is not that great. I have been wanting to come here for a long time since I have heard so much about it. I got a bean and cheese fry bread and the beans came half smashed with whole pinto beans in it, which I can't stand. The beans are not very flavorful when they are whole. The cheese was a thick shred which didn't melt and it was altogether disappointing. My partner got the fry bread with ground beef which he said was not flavorful at all. It was like they just cooked the beef with no flavoring at all. Maybe they were having a really off night? Yelp, why have you been betraying me lately? I keep going to these great reviewed places and they suck.
i love the $5 happy hours. all the dishes are a great value and delicious!
The Duce is a disaster. As an Arizona native and a downtown local I root for cool interesting places downtown. I wanted to love this place. The 1st time we tried the Duce I was extremely let down by the customer service. The parking is atrocious. It's as if you are inconveniencing the staff by asking where you order food. They were out of just about everything we wanted to order. So disappointing. However I decided to give them a second shot. Everyone has a rough night. We went to an event there last night the entertainment by Scandalesque was AMAZING... same TERRIBLE customer service from the staff at the Duce. Management needs to wake up. Great concept. Horrific customer service and staff.
NOTE: Ignore the reviews above. It looks as if there is some deliberate attempt by the Udupai owners to pose as members and bash this place. Yes, this owner used to own Udupai Cafe and Udupai Cafe is another dosa house that competes with this eatery.  If you read my other reviews, you know that I'm critical and  my attention to detail is there so I'm not one of these people who likes every place he eats at.PositivesI'm Indian and I can assure you this place is good. I have never been to Udupai Cafe but based on its failing health inspections, I would be scared to eat there. Woodlands is a nice CLEAN eatery in a nice part of Chandler.  It's not a restaurant.  It's basically a Dosa shop. They  specialize in Dosa and offer several types. They also have excellent Indian Chinese dishes.   The food is consistently good and I have eaten there on several occassions.  This is a lunch/light dinner place.  Don't think of this place like a restaurant.  There are several types of Dosa and that's what this place specializes in.  The restaurant is also modern and not is some ghetto strip mall so don't worry about failing health codes here...at least not for a while.NegativesTheir non-South Indian dishes are not so good. For non-Indians, they should be informed that this is a Dosa house so order dosa and other south Indian dishes.  Don't order your typical Indian restaurant favorites like palak paneer (it wasn't good here).   The owner also says every dish is excellent which isn't true; he is kind of a businessman so he doesn't really care about telling you which dishes stand out.  Stick to the Dosa and the Vegetable Manchurian.  Their mango shake wasn't very good. Their chiku shake is great.
I've been eating at Hap's since they were in a trailer in a parking lot on 24th and Jefferson. And for those of you who have don't hail from the south, you will find this to be extremely good BBQ. I always opt for the 2 meat combo dinner with smoked lamb and pulled pork (sometimes beef brisket). Served up with cornbread and mashers plus BBQ sauce and mint sauce on the side. My one gripe is they don't serve corn on the cob. Head over just before or after the busy lunch hour and escape the wait in line. I don't see Honey Bear's getting New Times Best of Phoenix consecutive years in a row. Not to say that Honey Bear's isn't good but I guess it depends on what kind of BBQ sauce you like since the sauce makes it. Hap's was also highly regarded in Sunset Magazine's Best of the West and several other publications hung on their wall.
BLAH is really all I can think of.  Blah, Blah, Blah.Everything tasted the same.  Everything!  I got an open chicken burrito which is basically a burrito in a bowl, opened.  It had chicken, rice, cheese, peppers, onions and the shell.  I ate a piece of chicken, tasted like the grill.  I ate some rice, tasted like the **Burnt** grill. I ate an onion, tasted like the grill.  I are a pepper, tasted like the grill.  I ate the cheese, tasted like a burnt grill with cheese on top. YUCK!  I ate about 4 forks full and was so disgusted I had to chuck it.Fail of an airport dinner to the max!
It was a rainy Saturday, yes, that's right, it was raining and hot and muggy!  UGH!  But when it rains I just want to go sit in a coffee shop and people watch or just relax a little.  And I don't have a coffee pot at home right now.  Yes, I know, it's somewhat sacriligious for someone such as myself who is a caffine addict.  Sad, but true.  I just needed my fix and it's that time of year people.....the Pumpkin Spice Latte is BACK!!!  HOORAY!!!  It is my all time favorite!!This is the closest Starbucks to where I live.  Just a few blocks away.  When my friend took me here the first time she told me it was the "gay" Starbucks.  Yup, I think that is safe to say.  I'm straight but if I were gay, dang, I'd probably be here more often.  I like this location though.  It never seems to be super busy and there is always a place to sit weather it's inside or out.  It's clean and the staff are friendly.  It also helped that I was cleaning out my wallet and found a Starbucks gift card.  Score!  There is not much else located near this Starbucks.  The Good Egg, which looks like somewhere I might try, and Jamba Juice but sadly, it looks like just about everything else has closed up in this little strip mall.  Too bad because it must have been a hoppin place a few years back.  I may have to go back soon......like, today, maybe....I'm getting another craving for my fave PSL!!!  YUM!!  And now they have a PSL Frap!  I have not tried it yet but I will.  Sounds like pumpkin pie through a straw!  Yum-O!
We ordered from here the first day in our new home, also the first NFL Sunday this season. I was expecting about an hour wait. They quoted me 45 minutes for delivery, and when the doorbell rang after 20 I thought it was solicitors or perhaps neighbors coming to welcome us into the neighborhood. I was pleasantly surprised that it was our food. We ordered a mushroom pizza (meh), and wings and chicken tenders - both very tasty. We're used to more thin crust pizzas, NY style I guess? so this was a bit doughy, but the garlic herb crust was yummy nonetheless. Not sure if we'll order from here again, unless we don't find our NY style place, but it was still good.
We ordered $40 worth of pizza for takeout and it took almost 2 hours -- was told 20 minutes. We were not comp'd for anything. When I expressed my dissatisfaction, they offered to give me $40 credit toward my next order. I asked for this in writing, and they gave me the "we can't provide it in writing -- we wrote your name down and have you on record" line.Guess what -- I called back a couple months later and they had no record. They refused to honor the credit....and were rude. I asked to speak to the owner, and was told "he's out of town." The pizza is mediocre at best. I have zero tolerance for businesses such as this. PLEASE spend your money somewhere else that deserves to be patronized.
I really like this place... Taking the advice of Yelp we stopped in on our way through downtown. We were immediately greeted as we walked in. I told the staff it was our first time in and asked which sandwich was the best. Following the recommendation I ordered the Crackerjack, cracked pepper turkey and melted pepper jack cheese with lettuce, tomato, onion and Russian dressing. We also ordered the Godfather, cappicola, salami, pepperoni and melted mozzarella on garlic toasted bread. Let's take a moment and show the bread some much deserved love. It tastes fresh with a chewy center and crisp exterior covered in sesame seeds. You could put a shoe on this bread and it would taste great. I really enjoyed the Crackerjack. The Godfather was good for a few bites, but too rich for me. I can't wait to come back... Great choice for lunch downtown for a very fair price. Unless you are completely starving, share a sandwich!
Simple, Inexpensive and within walking distance from my place. I went biking this evening and had the sudden urge to get Chinese food.I ordered something to go and got a vegetarian dish with tofu. From what I've observed, the place is simple and clean. Now as far as my dish goes; I thought it was good, but needed more flavor.  (which is a good thing)It gave me a good reason to infuse my dish with Bragg's Liquid Amino which is healthier than other seasonings. My only complaint is the edename in the vegetarian dish. Why do they have to include the shell? I don't like unwrapping them with my teeth!  ;-P                 |                 |  /                 | /   . .~^(,&|/o.      "Pass the soy sauce please!" |   `----------  |  \                  /   `======='
I must admit, I'm more of a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market guy (due to the economy), but I had a great time shopping at AJ's. Every single item on the shelves is of the highest quality. For Valentines day, because I'm so bad at picking out girly gifts, I let my girlfriend go on a shopping spree at the chocolate counter (among other things)...I'd go back once in a while, but did grimace at the checkout counter when I forked over $125 for three bags of crap...I guess it's back to mayonnaise sandwiches at Neighborhood Market.
My biggest tip for newbies to YC's, look toward the grill and look up.  There you will find a nice little menu of sauce formulas.  Unfortunately, I never looked up.  As a result, I didn't have enough sauce.  In my case, that was a good thing because the sauce I did have tasted like crap, so more of the same would have been even crappier.As for the ingredients, lots of choices with fresh veggies.  I have to say the meat looked unappetizing to me.  In fact, I had to ask my husband what the hell it was.  I guess it's a good thing you don't see piles of freshly sliced meat, else it might not be so fresh after all.  But in its frozen to minus 500 degrees F state, I found I opted for more veggies.Two sizes available.  I went with the large, crammed my bowl full until it resembled a small mountain, and then wasted over half of it.  So get the small unless you want leftovers or you haven't eaten in several days.
Long-time fans of the Mill Ave location...we finally made it out to the original (I think this was the original, anyways).  Overall, pretty darn good.  The food is on par with the tempe location.  The pastas were delicious - I really liked the Boa Bowtie pasta.   Wines were solid and complimented the meal nicely.As with the Tempe location, the best part for us is always the Shrimp Adriatica appetizer.  We could just eat a big bowl of that with bread.  The sauce is amazing, the shrimp is well cooked.  The only downside was that it was just regular french bread (or similar) - the tempe location has the fancier, tastier varieties of fresh baked bread.  But the quality of shrimp and sauce was the same.  Service was slow at first (we went late on a Sat night as they were slowing down), but was friendly, made great recommendations and were very helpful overall.  By the end of the meal, I had forgotten about the slow start.  Think we just walked in at an awkward time, which as I said, they really made up for by the end of the meal.  Also, the warm butter cake was decadent.  Maybe not as good as Mastro's butter cake, but it's on the way there.  Really tasty, very fresh.  I could have used some fresh whipped cream or a little vanilla ice cream to go with it, but that's a personal thing.  On a side note - the Zinfandel they are currently offering (think it was like $6-7/glass) is fantastic.  I was impressed at the quality compared to the price.  We'll definitely be back.
Yoli's has recently been popping up on Yelp's 'Best Of' front page. Many people are mouthing out and as the food whore that I am, I needed to go out and try it for myself.My previous research told me that there were many 5 stars and 3 stars reviews regarding the ambiance, service and food. It seemed that the place had be 5-stars for a while but trending analysis showed a decline in the late 2011- early 2012. Alright enough nerd talk-  it was a Saturday morning, I was starving and I needed a place to have brunch with my lady friend in town.When it comes to brunch at Yoli's, you really need to leave all your expectations at the door. The neighborhood its in is a little sub-par, the parking situation isn't grand and the interior and patio decor resembles a home that stopped paying for landscaping services a long time ago. The tables outside are all basic basic plastic, they are not squeaky clean (or perfectly leveled) and the seating is pretty limited. If you are coming to Yoli's, you are coming here for the food and nothing else, this ain't no brunch at the Four Seasons.Their menus are strictly breakfast/brunch related but at a 2-sided page list, their breakfast choices do have a large variety of flavors and prices. The food is on the stealthier side with skillet dishes, omelets and diner-style potato sides. My friend and I ordered their most popular dish, the El Monte- Hawaiian french toast sandwich filled with egg whites, turkey, bacon and cheese with a 'spicy orange marmalade'. At about $7, the sandwich was pretty large and filled me up easily after just half of it. The french toast itself was soft and spongy and the bacon had some crisp, but the turkey was very thinly-sliced deli meat so it didn't have a lot of flavor and the spicy marmalade was tasty but not spicy at all.The service was a tad slow but the lady was very very courteous and nice to us, she just didn't stop by very often so we had to wait around for our drinks and our check for quite a while. Overall I wasn't blown away with Yoli's but I would recommend as a place with decent portions and good prices. As of now, a 3.75 stars on my book.I am a big supporter of local restaurants and I love seeing a family-owned business thrive. With a little bit more decor, faster service and a cleaner environment this place can return to be the GEM that people used to talk about. Yoli, if you are reading this- I hope you take this advice, we all want to see you succeed so we hope you can get back on that horse and impress the hell out of us. Good Luck!!
This is a brand new delicatessen who's grand opening was September 24th 2008.  Since I don't have a kitchen in my place, this re-heat one-stop shop near my neighborhood will be a place I plan to frequent via walking.  They have a cute cook book lounge and the deli layout is fun to just paroose.  Their chocolate chip cookies taste home made.  So nice to still feel like you have some input in the cooking preparation process when you live with just a microwave.
I can't believe I didn't write a review of Metro after my first visit but I got a second chance last Saturday night with Dottsy Z, Andrea K and company.  We had a reservation for 8PM for 4 of us, and at 730PM Andrea asked us to add 2 guests and when Dottsy called Metro they said of course, but please be advised you may have a little wait for the larger table. Which leads me to the only bad point of the evening:We had to wait ONE AND A HALF HOURS for our larger table. We had all expected and accepted a 30 minute wait. After about 40 we went to the bar to get some wine and oysters (otter creeks = yummmm).  After an hour had passed and no one had come to address the situation with our group, I approached the hostess and she was very apologetic and offered to comp our bar tab, which was incredibly nice. When we were finally seated our server was friendly and attentive and had gorgeous blue eyes. Hello!  We were all starving and got right to the point with our orders: I started with the cucumber soup and no amount of yums or mmmmms can fully describe the delight that was set before me. A cold soup, this is made with cucumbers, buttermilk, dill and olive oil, with chunks of lump crabmeat and a dollop of caviar thrown on top, because why the hell not?!  Also, the soup came in a really large bowl and I was full by the time I finished it. I did soldier on to my main course which was the Moules Frites which is what I had the first time I came here and is a truly inspired dish with juicy fresh mussels, and a broth with thyme, garlic and perhaps a little white wine. Then to add insult to injury they serve the huge casoulet with a hearty portion of herbed french fries that were the perfect crispness and didn't leave oil on my hands. Sadly I had to leave some of those friends behind, but only because it was time for dessert! I chose pot de creme which is normally topped with brioche. I requested a brioche-free pot and it was no problem. I was served a tiny ramekin of creamy custard topped with a sort of peanut butter syrup/creme and three slices of caramelized banana. It was really yummy though within 10 minutes my heart was racing from all the sugar. I will point out that this dinner took 2 full hours (we left at 11:30PM) making this the longest I ever spent in a restaurant (3.5 hours are you kidding me?) which is why I ultimately docked one star. Based on food alone Metro Brasserie deserves 10 stars.
We stumbled upon this little place in a worn strip mall by accident, but it ended up being a very happy accident. Yes, it is true that the decor will not be gracing the pages of fashion magazines anytime soon, but this is a clean, no-frills kind of place. There is also no point in coming here if you are pressed for time, because it is not fast food by any stretch of the imagination. Most importantly, the food is good. Really good. The menus must have changed since other reviewers visited, because there was no Arabic on the menu. Everything is in English. I had the falafel plate and my companion had the lamb shank and rice. Both meals came with a wonderful lentil soup that I have had at Fattoush many times- but this one was so much better. The falafel plate came with falafel of course, a questionable salad, pita that looked homemade, and some of the tastiest hummus i've ever had. It was a huge amount of food, but it was so good that I was compelled to order an extra side of hummus to go with the leftovers. The lamb was apparently very tasty also- i'm not much of a lamb fan, so I didn't try it. The accompanying rice was very tasty though- very complex with many different flavors, but none of them were overwhelming. At 7.99 for the falafel and 9.99 for the lamb plate, the prices are more than reasonable, especially when you consider that each entree can easily end up being two meals. I admit that I am partial to Middle-Eastern food and rarely meet a falafel that I dislike, but this was definitely one of the better examples of the cuisine in the metro Phoenix area. I will definitely be back, and maybe next time i'll try the chicken.
I usually throw away those value pack coupon envelopes you get in the mail, but decided to look at them this time & see if I'd use any. I pulled out ones for the dry cleaners, zoo, a burger/hot dog joint & Red Devil. Most of them were for dine in only but a couple were for delivery as well, so I used the one that was for a 16" cheese (toppings were an additional $1.25 each) & 20 wings for $21.95. I had looked at their website before ordering & the combo (pepperoni, sausage, onions, mushrooms & green peppers-but we skipped the onions) sounded delish so we got that with the NY mild wings. They don't have their desserts listed on their website so I asked the guy who placed our order & decided on the cannolis (1 for me, 1 for hubs). He said it would be a lil over an hour & to my surprise it arrived in 45 minutes.The pizza was good, not Mamma Mia's good, but good! The wings were bomb; crispy, the right amount of sauce & they smelled amazing! The cannolis were pretty good but we didn't really prefer their "style". Instead of chocolate chips inside with the filling, the entire cannoli was dipped in chocolate. Total with coupon, $3 delivery fee & tip was $47. Not bad at all considering we will each be getting 2 or more meals out of it. We're fans & would definitely order from them again...maybe even dine in eventually!
Mostly I love the Rokerij just because I love saying the name.  But the food is also killer.  I had the most amazing chicken, and the sides, which usually I just take for granted as filler food, were sodelicious that they caught my attention in a big way.  I also tried my date's steak, and while it was fairly spendy, it sure seemed worth it.The feel of the place is great too, with the dark stone walls and coziness without feeling too crowded.  We ventured downstairs to look at the bar, and had we been there early enough to snag a couch I wouldn't have wanted to leave.It definitely feels like a splurge, or somewhere you'd take a business associate or date that you wanted to wow.  It's manages a high end feel, while remaining unmistakably local.  I can't say I'd suggest it just for any old night, but it will stay on top of my list for special occasions.
When I walked through the swinging doors around noon on a Sunday, I walked into Hooterville.  Think silicone, fake tans, bleached hair and  teeth and caked-on makeup.  And the men here overdose on testosterone: full of bulk and attitude.  Think sideways baseball hats, torn jeans, flip flops and gold.  Even at noon on a Sunday, they were on the hunt.  Joining me in alienation was my San-Franciscan friend.  We represented the world of natural size and color.  To bring ourselves comfort and escape in this fake world surrounding us, we discussed environmental concerns.  I got the Buffalo Chicken sandwich.  Commensurate with the theme here, this was the biggest breast I'd ever seen.  The sauce was super hot and tasty.  The baked beans had a southwestern flare - with crushed pepper.  My friend got the chili, which he said was slightly spicy hot but not temperature-hot.  I didn't attempt the bucking broncho, for many reasons, but one of them being that there was nothing on it to hold on to.  Too difficult for a delicate northerner like me.
Hard to miss with a Centurion guarding the entrance.  I wished it was nice patio weather.  The place was very cozy and a little uncomfortable padded banko seating.  If the tables were only several inches higher, it would have been better!  First off, we ordered Baked Brie and Raspberry  wrapped in puff pastry hors d'oeuvres with a side of grapes.  A couple of glasses of light and fruity red Portugal wines paired well. "Can I have some lemonade?", nope, no lemonade.  "How about Sprite?", sorry, no Sprite.  So sad to see the look on cutie pie's face.  Even wine bars would have had something for him to drink.  "Okay, water is fine."  He gloomly said.  We promised him an Italian soda next door at Lola's.  He cheered up.Killer pizzas, so I've heard.  We decided to order the Mozarella, basil (pesto instead), white truffle oil pizza.  The crust is amazingly toasty outside and soft and flaky inside.  Good 14" inches for $12 pie!   We added Risotto with manchego cheese/chorizo.  It was very, very, very rich!  It was so rich, I wanted to reach for some bread to sop it up!We were so full and carbo-ed up!  We didn't balance out our meals very well.   Good thing we took the lightrail downtown.  We needed to do a lot of walking after all that eating!Kudos to the chef and the hostess/server, they were absolutely wonderful. Donec obviam redimus!
There is only one reason  why I shouldn't love this pizza.Waiting an OBSCENE amount of time for a pizza is a pretty big one. If this pizza was not as good I would be angry I think.I would tell you about it ( HERE)... but you know what its that good. I have had pizza around the world ,its not the best..... but this is pretty close to the best you are going to get in this area code. I would love to say don't believe  "the hype" but yo there is a reason you have to wait sometimes as long as 4+ hours for a pizza on a Saturday night. Lets really face the reality of that night though. You are gonna want to hang  around at other bars drinking with your friends anyway.Its certainly not going to be a cheaper night of entertainment either.. Armed with that information you know what to expect. While there is another place close by that is just as good but not as central.This is worth it just to know what people are talking about.This Pizza is wood fired and made with world class ingredients. The thin cust is perfect. The service at least for me was rushed and sorta unplesant. We were literally the last people in there by the time they sat us, so I am not sure if that behavior / treatment is normal. Not a place to pop in and grab a bite to eat with a small group but if you are REALLY not in rush then this place is one of the best in AZ.
Cheese Curds!   They have been so hard to find in AZ.    Like the Jalepeno ones too.Really good fresh milk.   Worth the stop.Bring cash, not credit or debit cards
Mmm dirty hipster bars.  Let me count the ways in which I love you.You are cheap (we had $2 Stellas)You are interesting (local art on the walls that I'm told changes regularly)You are full of pretension (people watching is always worth the price of admission)You are friendly (like minded souls can smell each other out)If you are in the Roosevelt district, I highly recommend stopping in for happy hour.  Its cheap and hipstery.  Both words have been used to describe me, so I am naturally predisposed to this place.
I try and eat here regularly. Hummus is great. Very personable staff. And the atmosphere is awesome. Look forward to the next time!
What a sandwich! Not a lot of frills, and the sides are underwhelming, but if you just want a really good toasted sandwich for lunch...Sticklers will hit the spot. And it's downright cheap!The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars, is because the service was a little course, and the place was REALLY busy without a lot of seating space. Plus, it's only open 'till 4 PM! And not at all on weekends! DOWNTOWN RESTARANTS THAT ARE ONLY OPEN FOR LUNCH ON WEEKDAYS DRIVE ME CRAZY!!!!!!!!Come to think of it, the fact that I was willing to give it 4 stars despite all that is a testament to how awesome their sandwiches are., because there aren't many other good things to say about it.
Maybe their dogs are better, but breakfast sandwiches at Nathan's are disgusting! The English muffin was spongy, the eggs greasy, the bacon undercooked... And all premade and wrapped ready to melt together into mush with the cheese. Yuck!!!
I'm glad that Cafe Rio Mexican Grill opened up in Town and Country.  We have been to Cafe Rio a couple of times now.  On Tuesday they have tacos for $1.50.  Cafe Rio is now my favorite place for tacos.  The beef and pork tacos are the best.  If you are looking for a good taco you should check out Cafe Rio.
I really like Bandera.  I really LOVE their cornbread.  Best dang cornbread I've ever had.  I dream about it in fact.  Food is always great, service is usually great as well.  Great place to take guests if you're not sure what they like.My only complaint...Bandera is a fairly casual restaurant, yet last time I was there my father was asked to remove his cap.  No biggie, he willingly obliged, but then I noticed the staff didn't seem to have a problem with the cute little thing wearing hers at the next table.  Come on, be consistent guys.
4.5 Stars... I really enjoyed Beckett's table! It's a large, cool looking room with exposed ceiling and brick walls. They have a small patio and I heard they're planning to build a large patio on the side of the building. I met a couple friends there and we shared a few different items: The drink list has some great looking combos and a nice variety of wines. I tried the Palmaire, a lemonade/pomegranite combo. Very refreshing! We had the grilled cheese with pancetta to start... I love a good grilled cheese and these were perfect little bites. It came with roasted red pepper tomato soup. The soup tasted like pureed roasted red peppers; I would have preferred a little more balance with tomato taste. The roasted brussel sprouts were sumptuous; intense flavor and a little crisp on the outside. The fire roasted green chile pork stew was very tasty. The corn bread that came with had a perfect sweet contrast. I tried a bite of my friend's short rib - very tender and lean. We ended with the creme brulee, which came with fresh blackberries. At first I passed on having bites (I'm not a huge fan of creme brulee), but they pressured me into trying it... YUM! I may be a convert now. Overall, a great pick! Shout out to Katie B. for the suggestion.
Treated some clients to Sweet Pea Bakery items and they loved them!  I got the PB & J cookies , Mojito cookies and Rum macaroons.  Love that they are not the run of the mill flavors.The shop is adorable, it's actually really big-- surprisingly big!  The employees are really nice and personable and that is always helpful and welcoming, especially when trying something/some place new. They even gave me a precious thank you card to put with the cookies.  I will definitely be going back for more!
Went for dinner on a Sat. night. I made reservations 1 week in advance and when my friend and I arrived to check in for our table, we were handed a pager and told we could go STAND in the bar area seeing as how there was no place to sit and have a cocktail. Not real sure why I bothered to make the reservation. About 40 min later we were taken to our table where there was NO ONE else seated at first for the Teppan cooking.Kind of a bummer. About another half and hour and more people were seated. It's only about 10 pm now and my friend is literally starving. The bar area is a joke. Maybe I just don't go to Scottsdale often enough but are these people serious?? There were maybe 4 guys under 25. The rest were in their mid to late 40's. The women were about the same age probably but wore outfits like they thought we wouldn't know how old they were if we just focused on the sparkly sequined shirt and puffy skirts. Or as my friend said, are these ladies re-living prom night or what?? Anyway, food OF COURSE is so over priced and where you think you might get 4 of an appetizer, you get 2. Nothing real special about this place. Once you look beyond the decor and focus on the "scene", service and food-Thanks, I will go to Hon Machi!!
I would rather go to Benihana to be honest. I have been here a few times because its so convenient but has never been worth it in the end. I have eaten here and had dinner to go it always takes forever and it is not cheap I expect cheaper if theres no atmosphere or really good food would make up for it. I have not gotten sick from the sushi here but lets just say I didnt feel so hot after eating here the last time. I looooove sushi and its hard to say that I wont be back here but I'd rather drive a bit farther and skip running the risk.
Well the view is obvious.  I mean - it is decently high up and gives you a good view of downtown but, I don't know - the view from the Arizona Club is better.  We went here after watching a show at the Herberger and I was expecting some high class expensive dining that that is exactly what I got.  The service matched the price tag which was nice to see but the restaurant itself was disappointing.  Not only did they not have Coke or dark rum but they let poor Ashley A order a prime rib and then told her they were all out.  I had the drunken shrimp and they were pretty excellent.  The sauce around them was really good and they were resting on a piece of toast disguised as a crostini.  I also had a few bites of the lava cake but since it was buried under a pound of powered sugar, I couldn't eat any more.I guess I just agree with Beth S's review...I'm just not seeing what justifies the price.  The District in the Sheraton next door is a restaurant in a hotel that has amazing food that is priced better than this.  Plus, the view there isn't half bad.
Definitely a place where the reputation precedes the actual experience.It's like it's trying to be Binkley's, and it's not even in the same ballpark.We were there on a THU night, and the place was dead.  Still, it seemed to take 30 minutes between courses.  Which is fine, if you have some bread or amuse bouche between.  Which you don't at Posh.  So, you eat your tasting portion in 4 minutes, then you sit there for another 26.  By the time the 3rd course came of our 5th course meal at hour one and a half, we were all tired, bored, and no longer hungry.  We ended up asking our last course to be wrapped, as we were that turned off.What really disturbed me on the food, however, was the foie gras.  An extra $15 supplement - which is fine, as I think it's always worth it for great foie gras.  We were presented a plate with nice size piece of foie gras, in a fruit coulis, and what looked like a nice brulee crust on one side.  It looked amazing.  And was, if I stopped at eye appeal.  Unfortunately, Chef decided to go way off the grid, and serve it COLD.  I'm not talking room temp, I'm talking refrigerator cold.  If you are a foie gras fan, then you know this is like eating a square of lard.  It was impalitable.  Imagine being served a lump of shortening on a plate, because this is what cold foie gras tastes like.  I like the surprise aspect of the courses, and I like the fact you can tell them what you like and don't like to start, but ultimately, I see now why it's best to know exactly what you're getting in advance.  It took me about 10 minutes to figure out why the whole concept of Posh fails.  The dining experience starts when you're wowed by a menu, and sit in anticipation of what you've ordered.  When you have no expectations, it's hard to get excited.  By the time the plate is dropped and the server is telling you how your fluke is in a mascerated lima bean sauce with a marigold flower garnish and buttermilk glaze, you're not really into the ingredients, and just want to eat.  I had to ask my server to repeat every course I was served at least twice - lol.Perhaps if I hadn't been spoiled by Binkley's, that has an expansive menu that changes daily, and you pick from 4-7 courses BUT you are given about 6-8 amuse bouche (and bread which is served French style with choices) between courses, I suppose I would have been more impressed with Posh.  But not by much...
I went to Blanco Tacos + Tequila in Scottsdale with my family for my birthday dinner. This is another one of Sam Fox's restaurants, and it serves up modern Mexican fare. Our party of five all got a ton of food that definitely required to-go boxes throughout the meal.The atmosphere at Blanco totally didn't surprise me, considering it's a Fox eatery. There was the open kitchen, huge hanging lights, centrally located bar and airy feel. It was chic and dimly lit with candlelight, but there were televisions throughout broadcasting football games. It was a great mix of casual and fancy, making it the type of place where it's perfectly acceptable to go and just down a couple margaritas, or have a fun dinner date.I started with the Blood Orange Margarita ($9), which you should get with salt even though it's a little sweet. It was a strong drink, and the sweetness wasn't overpowering.For my meal, I started with the housemade guacamole to go with our tasty chips and spicy salsa, then had cheese enchiladas and finished with a Tres Leche cake. The guacamole was so amazing, other people at the table were also inspired to order it for their starter. I really liked the cheese enchiladas, but, as my mom pointed out, they're more modern in that they're not smothered and dripping with cheese. Instead, they're covered in an interesting creamy ancho sauce. I guess I prefer traditional cheese enchiladas, but there was still a ton of cheese inside the tortillas that made me happy.The cake was really interesting. Someone compared it to a bread pudding, since it was really crumbly and wet because it was drenched in a milky sauce. I liked it, but it was too rich to finish.Altogether, I thought the meal was an excellent deal. I would definitely go back for the lively ambiance and tasty take on Mexican food.
I just had my first Tammie Coe cake last week for my birthday, and I will NEVER be the same again.  I don't normally eat cake, in fact, if it's not Brownies, I don't eat it.  But this cake drew me in with it's appealing fondant.  From there, I got lost in the spongy richness of the cake.  A cornicopia of flaverful goodness.So make a metal note to yourself, I will only eat Brownies and Tamie Coe cakes.Oh, and special thanks to Arts G (previous review) for telling me what the hell fondant is.  I was just calling it "sheet like frosting".
Not impressed. Start with the service. Not professional. It seemed as though the wait staff was clueless as to the table numbers. We were given the wrong table's order twice. Second, the food was conceptually a mess. No clear theme or flavor profiles. The food was heavy, greasy and took forever to arrive. None of the dishes were memorable. Third, the wine selection seemed to be lacking. And, the sommelier didn't know where the wine was from she was serving. Not impressed.
Yum. Only wish this place was closer to my side of town so I could eat there more often.  Babbo (doesn't this mean Santa in Italian?) is a neighborhood Italian food joint that gives you big, tasty portions of food for little prices.My friend and I always go here with her fam when she's in town, and I always look forward to it. The menu is filled with tons of pastas and all the regular Italian fare you'd expect to find, but they also have some great, unexpected desserts.They have this apple calzone that is so freaking good, but the only downside is that it takes forever to cook.  Order it while you're still eating your dinner so you won't be sitting there for another 30 minutes waiting on it. They also have a huge half baked cookie dessert kinda like the amazing one at Oregano's. And while it's not as good, it comes pretty close. The desserts are ginormous, so sharing is best.
Loving this place since I was a kid. Stopped eating meat three years ago, so I miss the Jerk Fried Rice and Carnitas and Emerald Chicken, BUT the Veggie Quesadilla with black beans and white rice is amazing with their tasty red salsa.Always amazing customer service and it's great that they let you taste everything before you commit. They should lighten their footprint and reduce food packaging. I always feel guilty when I leave with all that aluminum and styrofoam.BTW, don't be swayed by offers of other cookies; snickerdoodles are where it's at.
I have been craving some soul food for quite some time, so I kicked and screamed til someone finally took me to Lolo's. After memorizing the menu for weeks, I knew I wanted the Baby Ray. So we go in and I was overjoyed that they had a band playing some sweet grooves. I jammed out a lil while waiting for about 10 minutes. We were seated in a nice lil half booth/table combo and had a huge jar of koolaid and sweet tea delivered to us. Yum! I starting getting the biggest sugar rush halfway through the wait. When my food did arrive, I was presented with two waffles bigger than my face, 3 big pieces of chicken smothered in enough gravy and onions to fill a whole gravy boat. The chicken was spectacular, really good flavor and crisp(when not soaked in gravy, get it on the side?). Gravy was pretty good as well.  The waffles were alright, I can't say I am the biggest waffle fan, but the subtle cinnamon flavor was nice. I think the waffles could have been better in my opinion. I am kicking myself for not trying the grits and collared greens or the red velvet cake. I could not finish my second waffle though, so much food, couldn't even think. The service was probably a B-. The hostess was bubbly and sweet. Our server was busy and a little frazzled maybe. The server gave us the wrong change and seemed to not believe that she had. Waiting for the correction was longer than average for sure. Overall, though, I had a good time, perfect way to end my weekend.
Music was loud as shit.  The food, Jesus Christ the food.  Lame ass chips and salsa.  No joke, like 8 chips were on the plate.  Salsa was probably one of the worst I've had, no flavor at all and warm.   Salads come out warm (I'm assuming this is why I've been puking).  Gross right, warm lettuce.  Waiter let's us know they can make daughter a little quesadilla (cheese only) which comes out so greasy.  Our taco plates come out 10 minutes later.  2 dinky tacos on each plate that are flavorless and luke warm at best.  Yes, they are spicey, no that does not mean they are flavorful.  I'm literally using my cell phone to see what was on the plate it's so dark.  Mint water was warm.  Gross and not refreshing whatsoever.  My daughter's quesadilla was $13, yes for 2 tortillas smaller than my hand and some 'cheese'.  I get it- make a dollar, but damn, don't rip your customers off.  So over the top lame.  Neither my husband nor myself finished.   Meal was $46.  Horrible.  Health department should go temp that place- I'm not sure the refrigeration is working properly.  Such a disappointment, I've been a vegetarian for 18 years- was looking forward to a new spot.  Won't be returning.  Ever.
I have memories that make my mouth water.  My mother calls me everytime she passes through Phoenix to ask me where this place is.  She tells her friends in Los Angeles to come here if they have business or family trips to Phoenix.  They all rave after their experience.  The fry bread house is as authentic as it gets.  Indian tacos, fry bread with sugar, and oh my god--the red chili stew.  I think I just drooled a little on my keyboard.  The place does get a little cramped during meal times, but we used to take ours to go and sit in the park after a bike ride down Central and picnic away and then do our best to ride it off afterwards so we weren't wallowing in the guilt of our deep fried pleasures.  Make sure they are open before you make the trek, they have funky hours.
I am not in love with this place nor do I despise it.I am Mr. Middle-of-the Road with Stacy's.Somethings he does very well, others are just so-so.Here are the Do's and Don'ts-DO-Order a sweet potato pie to go. That happens to rock the house!Have the pulled pork sandwich. Solid sandwich.DONT--Do not and I mean DO NOT order the chicken BBQ sandwich. I ordered this a couple months ago and I could have used the shredded chicken as toothpicks. They were hard and came served in a weird cone-like shape on the bun. Also, skip the sweet potato fries. They are dry and taste like dirt. Yep, I said it. Sorry Stacy. Back to the drawing board on those.The sauce is everything at a BBQ joint and his is just OK. Actually, I have had better in a store-bought bottle from AJs.If you are in the area, go for it. If you live out in Glendale, it's probably not worth the drive. I am not sure what Bon Appetite was thinking when they gave this one of the top 10 new BBQ joints of 2009.The lady who works behind the counter is funny as hell and is a total sweetheart! BTW--CASH MONEY only!
OK guys (and gals too), I know size isn't everything, but OMG, this place has crazy size portions and I loooove it!  We ordered the calamari and the stuffed mushrooms (1/2 orders) and STILL, the servings were huge.  Six big stuffed mushrooms sitting on what seemed to me to be the biggest plate I have ever seen serving an appetizer.  They were great and tasty, but cooled down too quickly and who can do anything about that?  The calamari was decent, could have been spiced up a bit or served with something more than marinara sauce, but for those who don't like a lot of fan fare with their food, this would be perfect; classic calamari with classic sauce.  We loved the Stella Artois draft beer and martinis came out big and filled to the brim, just how I like them.  For our entrees we ordered the Baked Ziti and Sausage and the Rigatoni "D".  Both of them were absolutely fantastic...yumm.  And both were HUGE.  The baked ziti stayed warm right up until we packed the rest to take home because they actually bake it right in the ceramic type dish that they serve it in, very smart.  For those with little ones, the kids menu is awesome and probably the healthiest meal a kid is going to get anywhere.  Nothing at this place is pre packaged or pre made and that goes for the kids meals as well.  Their chicken fingers are home made (the pickiest of adults would eat these things!), no french fries; home made mashed potatoes and broccoli florets.  This is the KIDS menu!  Our waiter needed to be coaxed out of his shell, but he was still warm in that great way that the good ones know how to do without intruding.  Great leather booths, linen napkins, white table cloths with a white and red checkered one thrown on top for added warmth, elegant, but not stuffy.  Guys could go in with t-shirts and dress shorts and fit right in and for the ladies who like to dress up, you can as well with out feeling overly so.I am definitely going here again, what a find!
(aka. SKETCHY TEMPE with BONNIE G, Part One of Three)I was in Tempe. I was having coffee. I was sedate. I wanted to see if anyone wanted join me and discuss Kafka or something boring. And so I called up the town's most famous resident to see what was goin' down."Um, YOU need to see sketchy Tempe. It is time. And I will be the one who will show it to you. Meet me at Time Out Lounge. No, wait. Meet me at Monkey Pants. Yes, Monkey Pants!"And so I did. Monkey Pants! Sorry folks, but this name is nonsensically awesome. I walked in and sat myself at the round bar, joining a smattering of other patrons sitting there by themselves, each staring into nowhere in particular. Well drinks for $2.50, served in a standard kitchen glass. Nice! I proceeded to watch the football game and was soon joined by my Tempe tour guide.We were approached by the bartender to do discounted Patron shots....but only if we wore sombreros. There was barely anyone here on a Sunday night, and I'm of the kind who doesn't care anyway, and the thought of me and Bonnie G sitting at a desolate stripmall bar with sombreros on is kind of ridiculous and great at the same time, but shots were not on my agenda for the night. Alas.I then got a royal tour of the place, including the great leg lamp (actually it's two legs, not just one!), shuffleboard, pool tables, couches with a cozy fire being played on endless loop on a big screen TV, ample board games and another section with tables and chairs, which is where we sat, under the painting of the teddy bear in Richard Simmons gear. Other patrons were seated all over the large space, so everyone had their own private area in a way. I actually really dug this. I'm not one who needs a place to be crowded to enjoy myself or feel like "it's happening." Sitting around a fake fire with pints and board games with a few friends is more my speed these days anyway. So I may sound decrepit, but I'm really not that old. I swear.Sure, Monkey Pants has frat-party gimmicks throughout the day, but this place has no pretense whatsoever. How can you even take it seriously? Even it doesn't take itself seriously. I mean, it's just sitting there. In a strip mall. In Tempe. With a painting of a teddy bear wearing Richard Simmons workout gear on the wall and a stack of sombreros sitting next to a popcorn machine. Waiting for you to leave your critical mind behind and enjoy the now.And enjoy the now we did. All thanks to my Sketchy Tempe tour guide.4 stars.(end of Part One)
I'm in love. Bacon you have my heart and my stomach. After all- where else does everything come with one of my favorite foods attached to it? Even my Bloody Mary had a slice of crisp bacon in it along with a celery spear, olives and onions. Probably one of the best Bloody Mary's I have had in awhile. The location is a little off the beaten path which is why, I think, people are lined up to get in the Breakfast Club a couple of blocks away for mediocre food, and here at Bacon- the food and service is better and there was no line on the Sunday I was there. I was seated in what they call "the nook" located on the side where I had full view of the restaurant. The menu was well organized and entrees come with toast and breakfast potatoes and your choice of a side of bacon or ham. You can also substitute fresh tomatoes if that is your wish. The food came up quickly and was delicious! My ham and cheese omelet was perfectly done (all melted cheese and ham inside and firm eggs on the outside) and the side of bacon was crisp and tasty. Given the size, this easily was a 4 egg omelet. Breakfast with drinks ran about $20 which was cheap for all the food I got. But I would be remiss if I didn't talk about what really blew me away about this place. It's the fantastic service! Everyone seems to be part of a larger team. I was greeted by one person, seated by another and had at least three servers taking care of me. And countless people stopped by to ask how things were, if I needed more water for my tea, or if I wanted more preserves for my toast. It was unbelievable! While they have been open for 9 months- they had the staff of a place that has been open much longer. The ambiance is contemporary but is warmed up by the blue booths, checkered table cloths, and some mismatched dining tables in the center that can be expanded for larger groups. There are also antique food cases lining the walls filled with tins of chocolate, and other food "cues". I also liked that they have those "roll up" doors on the one side that bring the outdoors in and seats outside on those perfect days. If I lived in Scottsdale- this would be my "go to" brunch place. What I don't get is why people are waiting in line at a place around the corner that left me a little cold. C'mon people. If you haven't checked Bacon out- you should. After all- what's not to like about, Bacon?
Scary things to me:Paris Hilton has a career. Sarah Palin. Really. She's like the new Anita Bryant. My fathers' overgrown eyebrows. Trim, daddy, trim!Droves of high schoolers leaving school just as I'm trying to find Barrio Cafe. Seriously. Like thousands of them. And I couldn't find the damn restaurant. What was I gonna do? Roll down the window (well, not roll down, seriously, who rolls down windows anymore?) and holler out in my best lispy voice, "Hey, squeeze me fellas, I'm going to a wine tasting at the Barrio Cafe. Y'all know where that is?" Since all teenagers carry guns, yes, that scared me. Finally. I found it. And entered. Cute. Cozy. Middle of the day, so empty. Great, vibrant art. And a very attentive and friendly staff. Often times at this time of day, restaurants really drop the ball. No ball dropping here.I had La Paloma margarita which is made with a grapefruit soda. Think Squirt and Patron! And after a couple of these babies I was in el bano squirting out that Patron. Dee lish however. I ordered the Enchiladas Del Mar. Enchiladas of the Sea for my non Spanish speaking peeps. You know what? It was good. Not great. And the presentation was somewhat messy. I couldn't find the crab or the scallops (which were the size of the ends of q-tips by the way). They were lost in the sauce and the cheese. But I devoured it as the blue corn tortillas sang to me. My friend had a chickent torta. Big and rustic. Like Janet Reno. She loved it! I will most definitely be back. Hopefully I will not have to navigate through the plethora of pubescent people and hopefullyl I will pick that Barrio menu item that will blow my calcentinas off. Oh. That's blow my socks off. BTW. Adios for now mi yelpitas!
OK OK... as a Proud Italian I hope my momma don't see this! I'm actually going to give D'moes a 5 star rating for a few reasons. Last Friday, me and my 2 brothers left the suns game, and proceed to put a few "adult" beverages back. At around 2am, when Haney's shut down, we had an overwhelming craving for crap pizza (its better than our normal Jack in Box at 3am run that usually ends up with someone puking in the drive thru line because the smell of the taco sauce is so amazing). Low and behold, the ONLY spot that was still taking orders (up to 2am!) was D'moes. Now, 1st off - I live at Summitt (by BOB). These guys gladly delivered to me, all the way down there! Major props for that. 2 - They understood me... considering I don't remember ordering the pizza (I woke up to pizza and wings boxes all over my pad, and me saying "who ordered pizza" then I burped... wing sauce and vodka is a healthy combo. 3 - apparently, after checking my voice mail, the driver was pounding on our door for about 5 minutes (we were REALLY jamming out to Rock Band, in case you don't know, were pretty awesome. Wikipedia that Ish ladies and Gent's; Kansas City Bullriders). Well, the driver and my door man both called 3 times. I'm assuming the driver eventually came in and grabbed the bass guitar and strummed it out. Maybe he had a slice with us? Who really knows these things. However, I do know that I was insanely impressed with D'moes... from the left overs I ate the next when I could remember. It was pretty darn good. Between the awesome'ness that is called "their customer service" and the legit taste it left in my mouth, I'm a believer, unless, if I say I'm not, will I get a commercial?... hmmmm.... Potential there....
I've been here three times now and have yet to have a bad meal, or walk away complaining. The food is consistent. The prices are fair. And the service is great. Nice hidden gem without stupid long waits at breakfast. Score!
I don't get it. This place is crazy busy with no Manager in sight and in hiding during the busy dinner hour. No name tags on the employees. I was scolded for pointing over the sneeze glass to the sauce that I wanted since nothing was labeled. I guess I violated the health code. Thanks for not locking me up. I told my family we will not spend one more dime here.
Lee Lee's finally expanded from their Chandler location for us who have loyally driven an hour to shop. Low prices, huge selection, and it only took like a week for the place to smell like a true Asian market (i.e., wherever you are, you will never escape the smell of fish).I love it. I bought ingredients for Vietnamese spring rolls, two different kinds of curries, a new motor/pestle, a Vietnamese coffee press, and some various other vegetables and liquors... hardly anything. Also, the seafood, while I didn't purchase any, looks very fresh.Wonderful to see such a great addition to west Phoenix.
I had to drop it down to 2 stars.  The food was the same quality, but they do not bring out big bowls of white and brown rice anymore.  They brought out 5 small bowls of rice when there are 7 of us.  Are we suppose to share or have our individual bowls?  We had our usuals:2 chicken fried rice - ok2 mongolian beef - good2 chicken chow mein - good2 crispy honey chicken - good1 orange peel chicken - meh...1 spicy chicken - too spicy for me, but the group said it was goodMain reason for the 2 stars was the service SUCKED!  We had to literally get our servers attention for anything (refills, more rice, togo boxes, etc.).  We waited 15 mins for our server to pick up the check, he never showed!  So we handed it off to other server and asked if she can help us.  He came back to the table only the times we can grab he attention.  We were always out of drinks.  I have not had that BAD of a service in a long time.  I will not come back on my own, but if the family wants to then they can drag me along (kicking and screaming).
Fruity Pebbles! YAY!They don't have a sign up yet, but we were walking by and noticed they were open and there were happy people inside so they must be, oh yes it was true, giving away free frozen yogurt! They were offering original (vanilla) and pomegranate flavors to choose from, I chose pomegranate. They have fruity pebbles as a topping which made me very happy, since that was my favorite cereal as a kid.
A roadtrip would not be complete without local BBQ and Bobby's does not disappoint!Fancy smancy table serviceDark and cool with bar seatingRotisserie chick and bragging about the ribs. Alex was friendly and rattled off drink specials. Other servers were chatting with friends at the bar and one, blond one dipped into her cleavage for something. I hope she washes her hands before serving up a meal. Now I look around, this is a breaking ground for hooters. Low cut and falling out. Not a fan of that. Bobby Q Amber Ale (Sonoran Brewing) is too light with a bitter bite. Not my type of amber but they tried. 2 meats, brisket & sausage w/ mac&cheese and...the pecan coleslaw? What the heck for $18.  Pulled pork sandwich $102 meat with pork and brisket Ranch House SaladCorn bread (pucks) of sweet, warm goodness.Sides were great! The beans with zest, the M&C takes me back to old school cafeteria, the potato salad was fantastic and the slaw was great with the pecan. Brisket was the clear winner from the table and we all loved the smoky sausage. The pulled pork was a disappointing third as it was dry. Good thing I went with brisket. Two thumbs up here kids. Well worth your time and money. Yelp check in brought a 10% off the total tab too.
A definite welcome to the neighborhood!! I was delightfully surprised at how much the store offers in such a small space. Grant it you are not going to get many choices on some items, but you may be surprised at some of the items you do find. There were plenty of choices for organic foods and "green" products, also. The good:convenience - for those of you that has one in your neighborhood. Easy to get in and out of with front door parking.PRICE - The prices are as low as Walmart's but without the hassle of having to deal with the super-store size. (they accept coupons too - even better) Ready meals - Great concept. Many places do this, but I found that it was easy (and fun) to create a full meal. Main courses, salads, sides, sandwiches and desserts all labeled and located in one place. If you don't have time to cook give it a shot. It is not as cheap as cooking it yourself but lasagna for two people for six bucks isn't bad. The bad:Stay away from the Rotisserie Chicken. A little dry and over-cooked. I've had better at Fry's, Costco. Save your tastebuds.In a world of Mega-stores with mega-parkiing lots it is nice to have a place that is actually cheaper to go to and within walking distance. The best way to describe Marketside is if you were to cram the Walmart food section and the Wholefoods quality and organic cool factor  in a space the size of Walgreens.
Say hello to the Ghost Lounge, folks. This is a brand new bar located right next to Seamus, within the San Carlos through an agreement with the hotel's ownership. For years, I've thought the Hotel San Carlos was an under-appreciated (through its own fault) downtown venue. With the Ghost, the owner has finally executed a plan to revive its rightful place on the downtown Phoenix scene. This is apparent from the first step inside the lobby, which appears as it did in 1928 when the hotel first opened. If celebrities in the 1930s had to spend the night in Phoenix, back then a small, un-airconditioned cowboy town with around 50,000, they would have stayed here. (Or else the near-by Westward Ho). You get a taste of those times with the massive photographic blow-ups the Ghost has put up on its walls of various scenes from early 20th century downtown Phoenix. So large that you can zero in on individual pedestrians on the streets, and marvel at their bowties, cowboy hats, handkerchiefs and facial expressions. Back then, the San Carlos was probably one of the only places in town that was "air-cooled." (That may have meant it had swamp coolers. I haven't googled the history of air conditioning technology for this review.)I'd describe the bar's style as grandiose, and classic old school Phoenix with an obligatory hint of Chicago (obligatory given the decades-old economic relationship betweeen the two cities that endures to this day). It has been beautifully done. I will be back often.
Sometimes you CAN judge a book by its cover. This looks like a typical diner and indeed that's what it was. Even though the place was busy (Sunday breakfast time) I was immediately seated, the servers were friendly and everyone used the obligatory "hon" when addressing you, and the food came fast in spite of the busy time. Taste and quality of the food were typical for a diner - OK, not great, but the pancakes were definitely more than I could finish. Not as inexpensive as I though it would be: pancakes (3) with bacon and eggs and a cup of coffee came to a few cents short of 10 bucks! Very casual atmosphere: most of the folks here were attired like they were about to do some home gardening after breakfast.
I would never have stopped at the Wy-Knot Cafe if it had not been for a friend mentioning it in a post on Facebook. I am glad I saw that post. There have been a number of restaurants in that location that have failed. Wy-Knot has opened the space up, made it dog friendly (it is named for their dog) and has a great menu. You order at the counter and then they bring the food out to you. The employees were all very friendly. The only down side was the lack of parking due to the other businesses sharing a lot. Also there were hardly any customers. Hopefully they will deliver menus to the houses in the neighborhood and maybe do some promotions on the neighborhood e-mail service so people will know what they have to offer. I would like to see them make it.They serve breakfast and lunch all day. They had a variety of choices and it was hard to decide on one. We split a BLT and a Chicken Salad Sandwich so we could try both. They come with a side of beet salad or salad of the day. The beet salad was very good. We both preferred the BLT but I am sure the Chicken Salad was more healthy and it was tasty as well.Give them a try, I think you will enjoy the Wy-Knot Cafe. I will be back.
Every culture has their comfort soup.  American's have chicken noodle, Mexican's have menudo and Vietnamese have pho.  I must have been Vietnamese in a past life. Pho is the national dish of Vietnam and a staple at any Vietnamese restaurant and Pho Avina has some of the best pho around.  Let me warn you - this isn't an appetizer, this is a meal.  A big, steaming bowl of soup served with your choice of meat and noodles in a savory, almost sweet, broth.  The pho is served with a large plate of fresh basil, cilantro and bean sprouts; the cilantro complimented the soup nicely.  I chose the chicken and shrimp and was pleasantly surprised with large shrimp and big chunks of all white chicken. My eyes were bigger than my stomach, so I also ordered the deluxe vermicelli salad.  A salad of noodles, veggies, beef, chicken, shrimp, eggroll, sweet potato cake and fish sauce - toss together and enjoy.  I had it boxed up, but did nibble on a few items and the sweet potato cake is out of this world good. I had come for the banh mi at the recommendation of a previous yelper.  They only serve the sandwiches Monday-Friday from 11-3; I had just missed them.  Darn.  I will definitely be back to try the banh mi and a boba, there were soooo many delicious flavors to choose from except for the fresh durian - icky, icky, icky.
Love this place! I went with my Grandma and Aunt on a Thursday afternoon. The weather was great but just a tad windy so we sat inside. First I like the layout of this place, very open and airy. There are 2 outside patios one street level and then one upstairs. I actually have been here twice so far. First time was just for a mid afternoon cocktail with one of my stylists. The servers were very friendly and our concoction of vodka, grapefruit and cranberry juice was the perfect blend. The second time we ordered 3 small plates to share, ahi tacos, artichoke and spinach dip and the mussels. All three were heavenly and very reasonably priced. The ahi was fresh and chilled, perfect for a warm day. The artichoke dip was different than any I have had before, gooey cheesy goodness that we gobbled up practically licking the bowl. The chips that accompanied the did were fresh and perfectly salted, even when the dip was done we still polished off the chips. The mussels were in a perfect white wine sauce but the stars of this dish were the mussels themselves. Buttery and melt in your mouth good, not chewy at all with no grit, to most common problem I find. The broth was so good I let the bread marinate at the bottom of the bowl, soaking up the juice. My martini was a generous pour and even though they were out of blue cheese stuff olives the bartender took the time to stuff some and deliver it to our table. Now on to the staff, all are a good looking lot but they are also skilled. All of our food and drinks were delivered in a timely manner by our lovely server Jennifer. We also met one of the sous chefs, Lennie. A charming fellow with stunning blue eyes, my grandmother remarked on them, a playful Mohawk and tattoos peaking out of his uniform. He swears that the sweet potato fries are some of the best in town and sent over a complimentary bucket. I do believe he is right, cooked to perfection, slightly crisp on the outside, warm and soft on the inside dusted with fresh herbs and I believe Parmesan cheese. After our meal the manager came over to make sure everything was to our liking. RnR is another great place within walking distance from my salon and I am looking forward to trying everything on their menu. If all the items are as wonderful as the first 3 I tried I am in for a treat!
The Chuck Box is dark. Very dark. Even in the day time it feels like night in that place. This doesn't help when it comes time to put condiments on one's burger. I am skeptical as to how well the condiment bar looks in good light, which may explain the choice of lighting. Still, grinning and bearing it, I load up my veggie burger with appropriate toppings and, usually with fried zucchini in hand make my way to one of the very uncomfortable seats.Every time I go to the Chuck Box I feel as if there is going to be something wrong with the food, and this something is being concealed from me by the lack of lighting. Yet, each time I go I have a delicious veggie burger or grilled chicken sandwich. My friends have also enjoyed "real" burgers there as well. Maybe it's best they keep the lights dim, but the food tastes so good there may be nothing to fear after all.
Had breakfast this morning while waiting on getting my windows on my car tinted. I had the build your own omelete. I got it with chorizo bell peppers and cheddar cheese. It was pretty good and the portion size was big for the price. They had fresh squeezed orange juice too. Not the best breakfast I've had but it was good.
I came in here wanting and expecting this place to be amazing.  I wanted this place to be 5 stars. ugh, I feel like a failure for giving it 2.  I've heard such good things about this place, and was expecting it to be good, but unfortunately, it was not.  :-(I walked in and placed my order.   The menu seems to be decent enough, with a fair amount of selection.  Ample amounts of toppings, and you can have your burger a few different ways. Mind you, I'm a burger lover, so I'm always up for places like this.I ordered a regular burger with all the fixings and BBQ sauce on top.  I got the fries too.  It came in a brown bag..I guess thats how they serve it regardless if you eat in or not.I was dissappointed with the burger itself.  It seemed like it came with way to much topping. I mean, like an overwhelming amount.  I ate it, and the burger was okay, but not as good as I have experienced at other comparable places.  I wasn't looking to be "blown away" by the burger, but I wasn't really impressed over all.  It wasn't that great, to much on the toppings, and it didnt really do much for me.  I will say tho, you get a TON of fries tho.I left feeling underwhelmed, and don't know that I will be back in the future.
Agree with everyone on here, this is some really good food.  Very laid back un-asuming place inside another strip mall on Bell Road.  Ah what treasures lie hidden in a strip mall....We were greeted by a friendly young man who took our order right away, I ordered, well I don't quite remember the name,  but it was steak pieces with french fries and onions, and rice.  I was fooled by the mild salsa that came with the chips and said, "hey can you make my dish spicy?"  The server said no problem, and while the dish was very fresh, my mouth was on fire, and I touched  my eye and it was like pepper spray or something.  I love hot food, I can eat Los Dos Molinos Abogado ribs for example with little problem, but this stuff kicked my butt!!  It had little red peppers in it that I have never experienced before. HOT!!  I kept remembering Deb's review:"....this is not Mexican food....".  No kidding, next time I will get it milder.  My eye burns still.....Wife got a milder flat pan steak dish with lentils and rice.  She praised its freshness.  We also split a red beef tamale (they were only like $2) so it was just a sample but decent.They only have 6 tables in there!  And they had to change their name due to copyright infringement from a restaurant  in Texas according to the young man.  Either way, we will be back for sure.  Good stuff!!  Something tells me there is more burn to come, perhaps tomorrow if you know what I mean?  Beware!  They can really spice it up if you ask them too.  I met my match at Mi Comida....Fresh ingredients, nice people, and a nice change from Mexican food.Recommended!  Don't touch your eyes if you touched those little red pepper things, that is for sure!!
The ambience is a feast for the eyes and for the touch, this much is true, but one is paying a very high price for this exclusivity.  While I liked waiting in the lobby- couldn't sit at the sushi counter until it was open for dinner service at 5:30p- I did notice that for a venue that strives to project a life of luxury, housekeeping hadn't come by to clean food debris off of the coffee table (closest to the sushi restaurant's host desk).  Not even when a rep came by to alert me to a bar menu sitting on the table and asked me if I had wanted anything from the bar- she had to have noticed the mess?!I ordered a $9.50 spider roll (soft-shelled crab), a $10 veggie tempura app, and a $19 baked lobster roll, all priced at 50% for one week during their 1-year anniversary.  They're all good, and factoring in the ostentatious surroundings, I'd pay $9.50 for the soft-shelled crab roll, but I'd put my foot down on the other two.  50% maybe, but $19 for a five-piece lobster roll?  Yes, it was very tasty, and yes, the cream sauce was orgasmic, but for $19, I expect moments from the restaurant scenes of "The Ugly Truth" or "When Harry Met Sally," take your pick.If you've money to burn or have someone else paying for the bill, then this is your sushi stop near Old Town Scottsdale.
We came there on November 5, 2011 and the service was very bad. The worst I have ever seen and we were treated like shit. We came into town from LA and Vegas for the NFL game and seen Mrs. White's cafe on Foodnet Work and knew the food had to be great. The chicken was great, but the customer service was so bad we will never return again.  We got a refill on our drinks and the guy poured sum of our drinks on the left overs so we could not take our food back to the hotel. Foodnet Work shame on you for recommending this place. Just because the chicken is good, does not mean you treat people like shit. We had to remind the staff over six times to get our order. We waited over 40 minutes to get the other 3 pieces of chicken to finish our meal. We don't mind waiting but it was pretty rude when you are watching other peolple are getting their meals when they walked in after us. The Mac and Cheese did not look like everyone else's order- it look like it came out of a box. You can tell it was far from homemade, it cleary was not bake, no crust. The gravy was watered, missing favor. Corn bread was over cooked under salted. The cornbread sure as  hell did not look like everyones else's cornbread. I felt like we received the leftovers. Truly the worst service we ever received. The place needs to learn how to be respectful and just be nice.
Super Dark Chocolate Gelato.  Word.  Tiramisu Gelato.  Straight Up.  Super Dark Chocolate Gelato and Tiramisu together.  Good Stuff.  This store smells like a pool.  I have no idea what's up with that but the Super Dark Chocolate Gelato is awesome.I will go back just for that.  And I will order the largest size I can handle...Kids Size.  Or maybe Small if I'm feeling ambitious.  Gelato is rich.  Super Dark Chocolate Gelato is Super Rich.  You've been warned.
I think everyone has said most everything that needs to be said about this place. But I'll highlight the reasons I frequent Switch...free wi-figood drinks$5 recession plate special - that is always as awesome as the rest of their menugood happy hour specialsopen til 11pm 7 days a weekgood wine great/friendly wait stafftheir salads are out of control - amazing.i think i could happily support/invest in switch/fez/ticoz dynasty for all of eternity...if i had the means.
My husband and I visited the olive mill this morning. We decided to go there after finding reviews on here so Thankyou! It is kind of funny also since we live in Circle Cross Ranch which is just right up the road from QCOM. I have passed this building so many times and just tossed it up to another little local farm out here. First we sampled all the olives and the different oils and dipping sauces. My husband complained he thinks the products are overpriced but I thought they were reasonable since they are really good and don't taste anything like the stuff you get in the supermarkets. After selecting a few items, I bought the mesquite almond stuffed olives and lemon and blood orange olive oils. Blood orange is amazing I can't wait to try it on a salad. I also bought a plain virgin olive oil.The oil is so flavorful and their claim is it is pesticide free since they don't have a problem with some sort of fruit fly they normally have problems with in olives here because of our dry hot climate. We decided to grab a bite. This was the only problem, not for me but for my husband. I guess this is a perfect place for the girls to get together for lunch but if you have a man that has a pretty hearty appetite like mine then he may not quite be satisfied with what he receives.It was perfect for me. I ordered a paninni that had roasted squash, peppers, arugula, fennel garlic aoli and a parmesan balsamic sauce on it. It was very good. Came with a side of kettle style potato chips and some olives. He had a salad but truthfully it was not a very big salad especially with the salads that could serve 3 you mostly see these days. I guess it is true Americans have come to expect quantity.That is ok, I would definitely go back. I will just have to make sure I leave him at home next time and go with one of my gals instead
I'm so glad that there is at least one Asian grocery store in the valley. Unfortunately they seem to have a hard time keeping some of my favorite items in stock, I wonder if this is a result of some of the import restrictions/delays that have been a result of the recent quality issues with food and toys imported from China.I'm half Chinese and spent much of my youth being dragged around Chinatown near L.A. by my grandmother and 6 or 7 aunts. So the 99 Ranch Market brings back memories...some fond...some not quite so. But, at any rate, the prices are great and the selection is good and authentic (when it's in stock). The cashiers could use a little dosing from the friendly fairy, however. Then again, I don't remember many friendly cashiers or clerks at any of the stores I frequented as a kid...so I guess it just makes the experience all the more genuine for me.I would recommend going on a weekday, or, if you must go on the weekend, just avoid going around lunchtime. There's a dim sum restaurant in the same shopping center and the parking lot gets pretty jam packed with cars and pedestrians.
10:30pm on a Saturday night.  My friend and I try our second attempt at sushi for the night (see my review of Pearl for the first).  Place is hopping.  We take a seat at the sushi bar.The Waitress:  "Are you girls going to be ordering sushi?"Me: I have a sushi menu in my hand, "yes."Waitress:  "Would you mind putting it in soon because they want to go home too."Me: What the fuck, bitch. "Uh, ok"Dear Ra Waitress,I'm sorry if I kept you or any other employess, especially since I finished eating my roll before your kitchen even closed.  It was completely ok to rush me, even though I had no intention of staying all fucking night and even though plenty of new sushi orders came after mine.  I was hardly the last customer in there.  There were people all around me ordering sushi, so I'm still unclear as to why you needed to rush me.  If you were in such a hurry- why did it take you longer to bring and process my bill than it did for me to eat your food?  Maybe it was because you don't know how to count, since you gave the wrong amount of change and I ended up having to tell you the correct amount since you couldn't count it on the spot.  I like Ra for the atmosphere, something you completely ruined.  Thanks for that.   Sincerely,Morgan
Of course, they are no La Madeliene, but if you are looking for some good croissants, this is the place to be. I love, love, love their croissants. But which bakery's croissants do I not love? hmm... But I do love theirs. I have had the almond croissant, the almond and chocolate croissant and finally today when we went there, I had the chocolate croissant. It was just freaking amazing. That's all I can say. (They run out of the chocolate almond croissants pretty quickly so go early if you want some)I have also had lunch here before, some Mediterranean sandwich stuff. The portion is very small compared to the price. Their macaroons look crazy and funky. Have not tried them yet but plan on doing so next time. I almost gave them 4 stars because their hours they are open are very weird. But its okay, I will compromise Essence Bakery. They only use butter imported from Normandy in their Croissants. Wow.
I was in Vietnam last May, and spent every summer in Westminster CA growing up, so to qualify my 5 stars, "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"  I say to what's available of what I've seen in PHX area.  With that said, I've had the Bun Bo Hue, Pho Tai, Com Tam Dac Biet, Bun bi cha gio, and agree with what everyone said about cleanliness, freshness of condiments, integrity of broth ( lack of oiliness ), and general flavor.  The only thing that didn't rock my world was the bahn mi sandwiches- can't vouch for the assorted outsourced items in the chilled section either.  Besides that, If you want Viet food this is your place for the PHX metro area.
My significant other had a $25 off coupon from Restaurant.com LOL. That could sum up the whole trip. I haven't been to many restaurants that participate with restaurant.com that are decent at all. I mean, I wasn't expecting much coming into this place, I shouldn't have expected anything here.I was in the mood for some red meat, and sushi places do actually have decent dishes like teriyaki chicken and stuff like that sometimes. So, I didn't mind checking this place out since I do like a little bit of sushi on the side. The boolgogee, plain, simply plain. There was a salad with the boolgogee, but it too was plain. There wasn't nearly enough meat to warrant a price tag of $8, because the salad and rice probably didn't cost more than $0.50 to make.Oh, the sushi? All of the sushi we happened to get were either super plain or super spicy. By spicy, I mean that there were just too many tastes going on at the same time and it was too overwhelming. I tried a few bites of the 3-4 different rolls we got. After I tried each roll I thought that I liked it but that the taste was too overwhelming for me to want to try another bite. We paid $18 for the food even after the coupon, and I honestly think that even at the price it might be a bit of a rip off considering you can get cheaper, higher quality sushi at Teharu.This place is a rip-off for sushi in my opinion. Its not good enough to warrant the hefty price tag. The sad part is that the interior is very well done, if the food was actually good this place would be extremely interesting.
As far as I know, I'm the only person in this town that has a dish named after them. I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure I'm right. I mean, I'm always right.By now, if you read my reviews, you know that I am vegan and I don't eat gluten. This makes dining out quite an issue at times, especially for breakfast/brunch. I really wanted to hit up The Vig Uptown for brunch because I like it as a Happy Hour spot, the space is incredible, it is within a bike ride from my house, and I love the Original Vig, but alas, there was nothing on the menu to accommodate me. I gently mentioned in person and a few times on FaceBook that having some sort of tofu scrambler would really improve their menu.They listened.They created.They named. (after me!!!)We stopped by for brunch this past Sunday for the dishes debut, and got a personal hello from Tucker. He was excited because they had already sold TEN AMber Scramblers that morning and it isn't even officially on the menu yet! I'm already a star!So, whats the verdict on the AMber Scrambler? Amazing. Seriously. The thing that really sets this apart from other scrambler dishes is sun dried tomatoes. They bring such a delicious flavor! It certainly doesn't hurt that it comes with their signature guac and a side of pico.I'll be here every weekend for the delicious dish and the $5 fresh squeezed mimosas! If you know whats good for you, you will too.
NO.  Don't go. Don't do it.  This was my first visit and it was on a whim because we drive by it often.  One other reviewer here made a wise statement - go the grocery store and buy frozen fish.  I promise it will be better than this.
As far as salon-cafes go, this has got to be one of the better ones.  The sandwiches, while not particularly ground breaking, are thoughtful and assembled with quality components.  Also has a pretty good old-town ambiance.
Had lunch here today with Lynn W. and Rand H. Well the the place is new and the decor is well done and comfy . They have enough food selections to classify them as a super buffet. As far as the food goes it was all pretty good with most of your typical Chinese buffet selections . Some of the extra items were steamed clams , double baked potatoes ,fresh strawberries and Vienna sausage. The macaroni salad I had was very good and i went back for more as was the stuffed shrimp. There is also a sushi bar but I did not try any on this trip. The food here makes them a 4 star eatery and as far as the staff goes they need to be a lot more happier with a name like happy buffet.
After reading the other reviews, I thought perhaps I would weigh in - they seem to be all over the place.  The critics are correct that the decor seems dated.  To me, having grown up back east with this very sort of restaurant, it was charming.  The restaurant is particularly enjoyable to visit at night, when they turn on the lights in the garden.  I enjoy the layout of the dining room, although I agree it is a 'cooler' experience to eat in the bar.  I guess some people could be offended that the staff sit down and eat in the bar when it is slow, but I'm not one of those people - I think it adds to the charm.  I had a very late lunch yesterday - around 3 - thanks to an appointment that went on forever.  So we ended up heading to Riazzi's for a late dinner, around 8:30.  At that time of the evening, the dining room was closed., so we sat in the bar.Their service is truly one of the strengths of this restaurant.  On this night, they were unusually attentive - even for them. The waters came out immediately upon sitting down, then they took your drink order - as it should be. Neither my iced tea or water ever got below half a glass.  This is something I occasionally find annoying at places where the staff draws a lot of attention to itself when they refill drinks - particularly when it interrupts the flow of conversation.  Not at Riazzi's - they are attentive but unobstrusive.  Their bread is my favorite restaurant bread in the Valley - hands down. It is actually better than the Italian bread I grew up eating back east in Hartford, New York, Boston and Providence.  It's so good that I wish they had loaves available.  You have to possess a lot of discipline not to fill up on the bread.The salad is as others have described it - traditional, but fresh.  My favorite item on the menu is now listed under pizzas and described as a Spinach Pie.  This used to be listed under appetizers as the Grass Pie, but if you order a Grass Pie, they'll still know what you mean.  It is a cheeseless pizza with spinach and arrabiata sauce.  Confession:  I love all things arrabiata. But this combination here is perfect.  For about 1.50 (I can't recall the exact figure), they'll add mozzarella to it, but I've never done that because it is perfect as it.  They bring you a healthy amount of tasty parmesan cheese, so you can always throw that on the Spinach Pie.So, I had that. Outstanding as usual. My wife ordered the Penne Primavera, which was very good.  Last time I was there with my daughter, she had the penne with garlic and oil, which I thought was just superb.  Simple, but perfect for a garlic fan like me.  I have a feeling most folks skip over such an entree in favor of something more elaborate, but I recommend it.  We didn't have an appetizer, and even though I wouldn't describe the portions as enormous, they were generous and neither of us could finish our entrees.Is Riazzi's going to be sexy for the young, hip crowd?  Probably not, although it is romantic at night with their lights and sunken/elevated dining room, and has the 'cool' factor of the bar.  It totally hit my 'nostalgic for the east-coast Italian restaurant' needs.  I just wish the service at most modestly-priced Valley eateries approached Riazzi's. You can get spoiled with the bread and service over here.
Okay, eating Thai food in what seems to be an old diner is kinda weird.  But after getting off of long flights, my mother and I needed some kind of Asian food and quick.  The GPS was taking us to a sushi joint when we drove by this place and we immediately switched gears.I give these guys major kudos for the portion size.  Seriously, I felt like I was still in Texas with such an enormous plate full of pad thai sitting in front of me.  And it was delicious--plenty of peanuts, the noodles were perfectly cooked, and they didn't skimp on the meat.  My mom's soup had to be improvised since they'd run out of octopus.  They asked her if she wanted to change her order or just double up on the shrimp and she chose the latter.  Sure, it was tasty, but she was really disappointed.  The fried spring rolls were okay, but they were tiny and not piping hot.This was a nice way for us to start our trip and the food hit the spot.  It came out quickly and the service was quite friendly (though not quite professional).  I'm all about supporting the mom-and-pop shops and when the kids are working for the parents, I feel for them even more (been there, done that).  With a better parking lot and some remodeling to get rid of the weird diner feel, this place will continue to attract more and more clients.
Being that not many places were open on New Years Day, I decided to cruise around and see what was open.  Being that the bookstore wasnt quite open yet and had a horrendous line, I drove around a little bit to see if I could grab a cup of coffee to kill some time.I pulled into the parking lot because theres several stores located in this strip mall, and have shopped at a few stores here before.  I found this coffee shop smashed inbetween other stores.  Its a very small shop, with extremely limited seating.  I will say I liked it here, and I enjoyed my experience for a lot of reasons.  Thier prices are cheap as all get out, which is great!  I got a 12 ounce Mocha for $3.24.  Awesome!  Service here was amazing and friendly, and I will gladly return in the future.So why 3 stars?  there were a whopping 2 tables to sit at inside, and thats kind of a problem.  I also asked the girl about the internet, and she said the signal was in and out, and should be fixed in a few days after the holiday.  For me, a coffee shop is a place that I like to park at for an hour, plug in my computer, surf the net, and drink coffee.  I dont like sitting outside because A) I have no plug and my battery dies after an hour, and B) in the summer Im not sitting in the heat.  So, even though I would return for the prices and service, I wouldnt recomend this place for anyone who plans on staying for more then 5 minutes.
Headed back to Lobby's. How I missed this tasty burger. I wasn't disappointed with round 2. The burger was still fantastic! I'm also happy that the fries were a little bit less salty than my previous trip. With any burger purchase, getting the combo pack (fries/soda) is the smart choice.I do wish that they would lose the styrofoam soda cups and offer more than one size of drinks.Make sure to grab plenty of napkins before you sit down. The burger can make a mess with the homemade sauce dripping off the meat and bun. That's a good thing in my opinion!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueLove it.  The wines are good and they have drink specials ($5 glasses!) and the place looks great, and it's light railable!  The panini was good, not special, but the creme brule made me forget all about it.  And work.  And oil spills.  And life.  Thank god my body's innate intelligence didn't forget about breathing or bladder control.  Those stayed intact.And the bruschetta what what!
Best Cakes around!This may sound crazy, but I've never actually been in this place.  But I've tried so many different things they have.  My job goes through Karsh's for all the anniversary cakes, catering, and special events.  We get cookies, cakes, and other assorted pieces of heaven from Karsh's.  Recently, my coworkers wanted to try something different.  They got an eclaire, cake balls, and mini rainbow cakes.  The rainbow cakes are the best thing to ever go in my mouth.  I could eat those for days.  They just melt in your mouth plus they're covered with chocolate.  What?  Yes!My friends also got me a Karsh's cake for my birthday a few years ago.  I wish I had a picture of it.  It was so pretty with a butterfly on it.  And it tasted amazing.Though I've never been a paying customer and I've never walked through their door, I love this place and highly recommend it for any event you may be throwing.
Sandwiches are pretty decent and tasty..however..they don't include drinks, salad, just a small cookie on the side. We just ordered 2 sanwiches and 2 sodas, a little on the overpriced side, totaled out to $27 just for that. The sandwiches are gigantic or anything. just left feeling a bit hungry and disappointed.
Cork is an enigma.What makes it enigmatic is how damn good it is... Too good for Chandler and maybe too good for the valley.The portions are just right, and anybody that tells you otherwise is a fat ass or a glutton (I'm 6'3, 200lbs. and I was satisfied).  If you want large portions though, go to their lunch/brunches.  I've been there twice and had The Lamb Chop, which was amazing on all levels, and I've had some serious lamb in rural Bosnia, which has been labeled the best in their country... sure enough cork's stood up blow for blow.  The other entre I experienced was the buttermilk fried chicken.  I was so amazed by the lamb the first time, that I had to try something more "simple" in order to qualify their food in regards to regular places.  Let's just say the chicken was not regular, it was outstanding.  The appetizers are crazy good... can anyone say king crab legs?The wine selection is top notch.  the booze selection is killin, and they even make this amazing Italian lemon stuff that's like 90% alcohol.  make sure you have a designated driver, because this place will inspire winos and boozers to indulge to their fullest.Go to Cork, because it's that damn good!
I discovered this hidden gem while shopping at TJ's and returned for Happy Hour between 4 and 6:30 from T-F.  The patio is in the afternoon shade and far enough off Scottsdale Road to avoid street noise. The seven Tapas (appetizers) attracted my interest and I ended up selecting 1) ebi prawn with grilled fennel, 2) tartine of bouillabaisse and 3) Medjul dates with merguez sausage, sugar cured bacon for the Happy Hour price of 3 for $10 vs the normal 3 for $15.  The single prawn was large and equal in quality to the fresh prawns I had just tasted in New Zealand plus the fennel added more flavor.  The tartine of bouillabaisse was mostly small shrimp but again very tasty and tempting to order a bowl the next time around.  The three Medjul dates with sausage/bacon  was an unusual combination to my culinary experience and superb in flavor.  The select wines were about half the normal price and a definite value at $5 per glass.  In talking with the waiter I noticed there is live jazz on Fridays between 5 and 8.  I will definitely have to return on a Friday to try the other tappas and listen to the Swedish singer who sings some songs in German... see tappas photo...Update 4-25-08 - Happy Hour season ended this week... tappas special  no longer available but the thin crust pepperoni makes a good starter.  Entrees are in the $$$ range...
"So Jimmy, tell the class what you saw at Sweeties!""OK, well, I saw lots of candy. Old-timey candy and cool candy and neat candy. Lots of it. Real lots.""And I saw people walking around with baskets and talking about candy. And talking about candy when they were little.  And talking about what candy they should get for their kids.""Oh, and I saw Turkish Taffy, Maple Bun Bars, Fruit Stripe Gum, Moon Pies, Cherry Mash, Mary Janes, Valomilk Candy Bars,Sen Sen Packs, Goo Goo Clusters, Squirrel Nut Zippers, Flipstick Lipstick, Licorice Pipes, Zero Bars, Twin Bings, Look Bars, Abba-Zabba Bars and U-No Bars.  And that was only a little of it.  And lots of other stuff.""Teach?""Yes Jimmy?""The coolest teacher ever would take her class to Sweeties.""Would they?""Yes."
I can understand why everyone loves this place-- who wouldn't, right? With so many choices of cool, creamy gelato? Well, unless I am just very unlucky and visited on a bad day, this Gelato Spot has gone steeply downhill. My husband ordered a strawberry-kiwi flavored and I chocolate peanut butter. We both agreed: the gelato tasted grainy, with noticable ice crystals. And worse, the flavorings tasted like they came from a bottle, not fresh. IMO, this has become more of a place to see-and-be-seen -- not savor good gelato!
Why did I wait so long to try this neighborhood hot spot!  Having a father who grew up on Los Olivos I remained a loyal customer, that is, until last evening's change in plans lured me to the colorfully lit and lively patio of Los Sombreros Authentic Mexican Cafe & Cantina.  I am not an expert on "authentic" Mexican cuisine nor will I pretend to know what  the flavors of San Miguel de Allende taste like; however, I am a foodie so I know good food when I eat it.  We chose to sit outdoor and enjoy the beautiful weather while taking in another Cardinal's loss!  (Sad, I know, since they were off to a great start)....  Lucky for us it was a calm Monday night and we had the full attention of our waiter, aka the bartender.  Phil (no need to blush if you read this) did a wonderful job walking us through their many margarita selections while also conveying his personal favorites that showcased his love for whiskey!  My friend allowed Phil to make his margarita as he felt a fine margarita should be made while I allowed Phil to concoct my special margarita while following strict no sugar, no salt, heavy on the tequila preferences...and that was just to start!  Perfectly crafted margaritas in hand, check.  Now what to eat for dinner.  My friend ordered his beloved Mole poblano ($18.95) while I couldn't decide between the Smoked chicken enchiladas with salsa verde and chipotle crema (yumm) and the Pollo a la parilla with spinach in a chipotle cream sauce -or- tinga Poblana sauce($18.95).  I opted for the Pollo a la parilla with chipotle cream preparation and, once again, my dinner friend had 'order envy'!!  That's not to say his Mole was par (or dare I say sub-par) because it wasn't - it actually has received many culinary awards being named "Best Mole" both locally and nationally, but because the chipotle cream sauce combined with spinach, perfectly sauted  chicken breasts and a side of warm corn tortilla is....AMAZZZZZZING!!!!  It's also fair that I note aside from the pricier entree dishes served w two sides (as we ordered), they also offer up tacos (3 at $10.95), various quesadillas (@ $5.95) and other lesser priced authentic eats including fresh guacamole, salads and more!  Deciding I'd save room to see if they could satisfy my sweet tooth I boxed my remaining dinner as we read through each and every dessert.  Undecided, again, and so we trusted our gastronomy guide, Phil, to choose.  He selected the Mexican Chocolate Cream Pie to finish off the evening, and we happily finished off this delectable treat leaving one bite as I always like to do!!!   Thank you, Phil and Los Sombreros, for the memorable dining experience.  The food was outstanding, margaritas made by Phil are the best, and the patio alone is enough to draw me back for HH or even a late night dessert.  Thank you for staying in the neighborhood, Azucena Tovar, and congrats on almost turning 20 years old.
5 stars for the great $5 happy hour specials. the short rib tacos and the fish tacos are delicious and a bargain at 5 for 5 bucks. My favorite drink is the green tea lemonade--it was heavy on the liqour and so refreshing.Service was flawless. We were greeted hello and goodbye by two cheerful hostesses, our waiter and waitress offered great suggestions and the bar tender was sweet as well.
We brought the entire family to Giuseppe's last night for a pre-Thanksgiving meal... yes, that's right - my family likes to carb up for all of the eating we do today!  We brought a ton of wine and had a great time.  Franco was our waiter - and I'm guessing since all the ladies at the table had a crush on him, that he is the waiter Sheila B wrote about in her review too.  Nice eye candy!I absolutely love the eggplant rollatini and pretty much order it every visit.  We usually start with a Giuseppe's Salad and finish with a dessert to share.  My favorite is the white chocolate tartufa.Pasquale (pictured above) is the sweetest man and makes the experience extra special every single time.  Since I'm writing this review on Thanksgiving, I want to give thanks to Pasquale and Ristorant Giuseppe for all the good times I've had there and all of the good times to come!  Salud!
3.5 stars. We decided to check this place out after all the waves. The space and decor is nice and cute, and girly! We arrived at 10:30 for a Sunday brunch, and there were plentiful of empty seats for us to choose. Nice patio, too!I had the French Toast with fresh strawberries and chicken apple sausage (however, the menu says with raspberry, I didn't really care for either one, meh~) The toasts were thick and soft, but weren't that outstanding. I really liked the chicken apple sausages on the other hand, they were tasty and not the typical greasy kind. Friend had the Spinach and Tomato Omelette with feta cheese. I didn't take a bite, but she really enjoyed it. It came with a side of potatoes and fresh fruits.  Our waitress was nice, but the service was slow... Overall we had a nice little trip. It's definitely a good spot for a girls' day out!
I'm not normally one to jump at reviewing a chain restaurant, especially when there are 3 subways all within a couple blocks of each other.  I felt it was necessary in this case.  My husband and I came here over the weekend after a lovely trip to the dog park.  The two guys working here on the lonely afternoon were awesome.  They were really nice and friendly, and quite chatty.  One of them started helping my husband and the other one was sweeping while I was deciding.  The sweeping boy apparently noticed I was ready and he quickly ran to the back, washed his hands, threw on gloves and asked me what I wanted.  WOW!  This type of service has never happened at the other locations, all of which I have been too.  He chatted with me as I told him what I wanted.  He also joked about my weird sandwich and made me laugh.  It's refreshing to see a couple guys working on a boring day and actually enjoying themselves.  They also have outdoor seating which are perfect to sit at and people watch on beautiful days.  We even met this incredible 90 year old guy who is blind and deaf in both ears but somehow managed to communicate with us perfectly.  He was much more lively than most twenty-somethings you meet.  Amazing.  Only in downtown do you meet people like that.  This is a great Subway.  Go here and skip the others.
I liked, it was spicy, the beans and hot sauce they bring to u for dipping is so so so good, also order their mini chimichangas for appetizer, their margaritas for 2 is good shear with ur company ;-) from their menu i liked the chicken, steak fajitas also the white sand chimichanga its a bomb...
Should have listened to the numerous negative reviews on-line (and there were many) but we trusted Guy from Diners, Drivins & Dives ...BIG MISTAKE. Clue #1 Strip mall with huge cheesy banner boasting "Food Network" endorsement. Clue #2  Self serves sign-in waiting list, apparently, the slimy owner was too busy gushing over customers trying to eat but steering clear of unhappy ones.  Misters and drinking water would have been a nice touch to make the 10-20min 104 degree wait more bearable. The minute we saw the paper table cloths and plastic chairs,cups & utensils we were in trouble. One waiter frantically tried to service the whole restaurant, which was a complete zoo. Now according to Triple D, the pasta was homemade....aaaaaah.....not so much.... Ive been to Italy, I know the difference.  Cut to the chase, $27.00 for two a la carte / appetizer sized entrees.Seems to me, his only goal is cashing in on the TV appearance as quickly as possible with no concern to repeat business...Don't waste your time and money....On a positive note, Guy was right about Matts Big Breakfast in downtown Phoenix, great good and the best costumer service we've ever had.
Uhh...I guess I am the luckiest person to go to 25 Degrees!  I had the Charcuterie with the Chorizo Blanco,  the Soria,  and the coppa for meats and the Red Hawk(only place I've found in the valley who serves Cowgirl Creamery Cheese), the Benedictine and the Crescenza.  All were absolutley delightful and I was thoroughly impressed by the selection.  I also had the spicy tuna on eggplant...fantastic!  I ordered the number 1 which consists of sirloin patty, arugula, thousand island,  bacon, prelibato gorgonzola, and crescenza.  I ordered it Medium rare...get this, it came out MEDIUM RARE.  How lucky am I right?  It was excellent,  better than delux in my opinion.  Along with it I got the half and half of fries and sweet potatoe fries.  To finish,  I had a milkshake...simple and good.
Overpriced mediocre food...save your taste buds and wallet!
Confession: I am an obnoxious asian food snob. I really try to take that into consideration when I rate places. I haven't lived in China or anything, but I really, really love eating chinese food. I also hope to convey to you that I am still American at heart. I hate Panda Express, but I truly, truly worship an excellently prepared orange chicken. Be that as it may, there are instances in which I have to suspend my courtesy toward less-than-perfect food because the product that I received was not only poor quality, but insulting relative to the price I paid. This is the experienced I received ordering from Chopstick express.I ordered Chopstick Express' family special for me, my roommates and an incredibly hungry foodie friend of mine whom happened to be over. Upon reaching an orderer, it was refreshing, though annoying, to be talking to what seemed to be an obnoxious teenager being forced to take orders. Whatever, water off a duck's back. Quack quack. We ordered orange chicken, cashew chicken, and brocoli beef, which came with fried rice and egg rolls. It was supposed to come with crab puffs, but they were not delivered, which I felt was almost an insult.All the food we received was lukewarm at best, cold at worst. It's chinese food. It can hold at nuclear temperatures, and I don't think it snobbish of me to assume that delivery people can afford to invest in a proper traveling method. I must admit, my major problem with this is the fact that it took nearly an hour for the delivery person to get here. Which means assuming that the food left fresh, it spend a half-hour uninsulated. I don't believe I'll get sick from this food, but considering that being served very hot food is clearly the industry standard, it still seems sketch at best, and disgusting at worst.I digress. At any rate,  the food was as follows:Orange Chicken: The pieces of orange chicken were about the size of medium-sized chicken tenders. They were then covered in a weak breading, fried unevenly, and covered in a tolerable orange sauce which was the only saving grace of the dish. It came deeply compacted in a chinese take-out paper box, which was problematic for this dish because the chicken essentially came out in giant clumps. Brocoli beef: Easily the best dish, but only by reason of advantage. The brocoli was tender, though strangely bitter. The beef they chose to use was akin to stew beef, which is the really thick, fatty cut used in crock pots for stews because they have the capacity to cook for ever and ever amen. This resulted in incredibly large, chewy chunks. I gotta admit, Panda owns brocoli beef, and chopstick express could take a few pointers. The sauce was decent enough, yet ultimately forgettable.Cashew chicken: offensive. bland, strange. The sauce seemed to be more like cream of chicken than the savory, peppery sauce to which I am accustomed. I ate maybe two cashews in my share, which is boring. Interesting to note was the presence of noodles in the dish, despite the fact that we were also given rice. And peas. Peas? White rice: Nearly impossible to mess up, and only when exceptional is worthy of meditation. Average rice, though served essentially at room temperature, which dried the rice out.Fried rice: Shocking. In case you read my review, Chopstick Express, please take note: your fried rice sealed my distrust of your food safety practices. Fried rice is cooked fast and hot, but because of the quickness of the cooking, never dries out. This looked burnt. Literally burnt. Or seasoned with something both bland and dark as all holy hell. Fried rice should not appear to be dried out, burnt, and dark as chocolate. Egg rolls: I don't trust these. They were almost cold to the touch.Crab Puffs: not present in my order. THOSE ARE MY FAVORITE. D:Summary: Steer clear away from this place at all costs. The advantage of living so close to Mekong Plaza means not being terribly far away from decent chinese and vietnamese food, and I feel like I have disappointed my tongue by attempting to branch out. If these strange in congruencies aren't addressed by the management of Chopstick Express, I worry that, like what happened with me, they will lose crucial local business and be forced to close. I don't know, maybe it was an off-day. But in my opinion, if something takes an hour to get to my place when the drive is 10 minutes tops, it better sparkle and wow. Chopstick Express, in its disparaging food, disturbing distance from food safety and respectability, and excessive delivery time means that I will never eat from them again.
A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away.... oh wait wrong story! But it does seem like a long time ago that I first read that they were closing my beloved Chez Nous to put up yet another transplant grocery chain. I was bitter to say the least! But as all of the best stories have happy endings, Chez Nous found a new home and F&E happened to be the new guy on the block.I love having an F&E so close to home. They are not perfect, but they are pretty darn close for someone who is single and loves to cook. Yes, you have to watch the dates, but that's mostly because they don't have 54 days worth of back stock - just enough to keep the shelves covered, therefore they are constantly restocking with new items (thus the lovely discount sticker seek and find game that I like to play).And no, I'm not a huge fan of the plastic packaging that fills my recycle bin, but for the convenience of checking out (as noted by arik b.) it makes things --  well... easy.A couple of things I really like about this store:1) The pre-made products - which I don't really use as intended (e.g.: the Wild Mushroom soup isn't exactly my thing, but as a base for gravy, it makes an incredible pot roast!)2) The $5 coupons I get every week. I can easily spend the required $20 on fruits and veggies every week, so why not go for the discount!!3) The "special" shelves up by the door that feature really nice organic herbs that I can add to my garden or flowers to give my table a little color. And watch these, because they discount them to some killer prices!!!The store is always clean and bright, there are generally enough staffers around to provide assistance when needed, and they have pretty decent hours.  What more could you want from your neighborhood grocer?!!
OK, decent beer selection, but no local beer on tap?  Whats with that?Place has a nice ambience but can be rather claustrophobic, service is good somtimes, and absolutley terrible on other occasions. Some of the pasties are not as good as they sound and can be quite dry.  Be careful when ordering.  The original classic pasty is always a good bet. Good yet short happy hour & a creative atlternative to the average corner pub. Could be better, could be 5 stars!
Had some killer sushi for lunch at Stingray today!The Crunchy Spicy Tuna Sushi is totally different than any where I have experienced it.  A well seasoned really combined tuna mixture sits atop a crispy rice rectangular tasty amazing thing!  You must order this...very special.The Spyder Roll was super fresh and a nice big portion.Shrimp Tempera Roll was delicious as well.The atmosphere was fun and the service was speedy and friendly.  There were so many choices that sounded fabulous on the menu and we look forward to going there and experiencing many more items!
Just tried this place for the first time thanks to a Local Dines coupon. Let me tell you, I had read some of the reviews on Yelp before purchasing the coupon, but I did not expect such an awesome experience. Our server was pleasent and knowledgeable, which these days is hard to find. Also, because the bar booths were full we sat in the empty section of the restaurant. i was afraid we would be forgotten about over there, but our server was well aware we were there.  We ordered cheese curds, which were great, for an app and a couple of cheap beers. 2$ on a tuesday night, who woulda thought! Next we ordered the "south of the border burger" w/ onion rings, and the "angry chicken" sandwich with tater tots.  YUM-O!!!  Nothing to complain about, the amount of food served was beyond plenty and the flavor did not leave you anything other than wanting another bite!!!  We will be making this place a regular on our "where should we go to eat" list!
Before I came back to WA I went to Lilibela for diner with daughter and it was a good dining experience for my first time trying Ethiopian food.  I had the spicy chicken and lentils and it was delicious!  Daughter had beef, lentils and vegetables and they were also very good.I highly recommend this restaurant for people that like trying different foods and are willing to experience what the world has to offer, if you don't like spices, curries and different vegetables, this place is not for you.I will go back there as soon as I go back to AZ!
'Berto's in my 'hood! The newest Filiberto's has just opened on the corner of 16th Street and McDowell (what used to be a KFC). We happened to catch them on opening day, and it showed. The cashiers were nice, but a little confused about how to take orders, communicate them to the kitchen, and how to work the cash register. Hubby and I both ended up getting way more food than we actually ordered. Half order of Super Nachos my ass. The Chile Rellenos came as a meal deal, instead of the enchilada we ordered. Hubby felt a little queasy afterward, but it was from the spiciness, he thought. I have since ordered a breakfast burrito through the drive-through on my way to work, and it was just ok. The eggs were overcooked and the cheese not distributed very well. Again, way more than I could eat, but it kept me full 'til dinner. This location is open 24 hours. They accept cash and debit cards, with a 60 cent surcharge. Parking is tight, and slightly scary.
I wish my Phoenix cheesesteak packed more heat considering it was made with green chiles and jalapenos but it was still good and I'd order it again. I'm little disappointed the ranch they serve is store bought. Other than that the sandwich was really good. The bread was heavenly and the meat was superb! Fries were flavorful and crispy. I'd come back if I was in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
Whenever it is my dads pick for dinner we always end up at Charleston's. No matter what he always orders the ribs. He says they are extremely tender and just fall right off the bone.  Before he even eats his ribs, he loves chomping on their delicious buttery croissants. If you don't care about calories, then you must not pass these croissants up. My mom and I usually go for the baked chicken which is always delicious, but they have a wide variety of food to choose from. Whenever we go there we can make reservations and even last minute. Also, the service is always great and they are on top of things.  I have a feeling we will going to Charleston's on Father's Day so he can chow down on his BBQ ribs!
I've been to Texaz grill a few times for their deadly, but pretty darn good chicken fried steak. This past Saturday, I went to grab a bite while my babies got groomed. I sat down at the bar next to a group of bar flies that seemed to be regulars. The conversation was in full swing about politics, which they tried to drag me into but I politely declined and said "I don't discuss politics while trying to digest food."I ordered one of the specials which was a smoked hot link drenched in bbq sauce on a po-boy bun. It was served with coleslaw, but I ordered some Texaz fries with it. The hot link was dry and almost jerky-esque, possibly due to the smoking process, or maybe the links were just old. They were still tasty, and being a girl that is used to smoked meats around the house, I kind of enjoyed eating the semi-dry little discs. I tossed aside the top half of the po boy bun, and just ate the meat with the sauce soaked bottom half of the bun. The sauce was dark, with a smoky sweet flavor. The coleslaw was creamy and the cabbage was finely chopped. The Texaz potatos are chunks of seasoned, and fried potatos. I only ate about 3 or 4 before I was stuffed. As is always the case with Texaz Grill, I wasn't overly delighted, but I wasn't overly disappointed. Texaz Grill is a dive that happens to serve pretty good food! It's nothing fancy, it's nothing sophisticated, but if you're in the mood for meat, or chicken fried steak, head there.
You really can't go wrong with Via De Los Santos, their menu is pretty typical but it's hearty and delicious standard az style mexican fare. I've came Here several times and every time I've left satisfied and without complaint. The Margaritas are tasty, the chimi's are huge and the salsa spicy. The outdoor patio is great just to relax and chat with friends on a balmy night. This is one of my favorite places to swing by and, to quote a yelp hero of mine, ''retox' after a long hike on the slope.
Joined up with some folks here for happy hour before a movie on Thursday.  The spinach/artichoke dip appetizer was great and really could suffice for two of me for a dinner.  The was my first taste of Kiltlifter and I am a fan!The address shows Pima Rd and I spent 15 minutes cruising the parking lot before I figured out it faces Hayden.
Union is very cool in theory. I LOVE Royal coffee, so it is nice that they have a second location here (although somewhat redundant since they already have a location at the Biltmore). The little cafe smelled very good. The stores are cute and the set up is interesting...sort of like a public market or something where there are many small counter businesses or storefronts. My problem with Union is that it claims to be all local because the stores are local stores; However, there are items in some of the stores that are simply bought from corporate companies. For example, I tried on some dresses from the cute little clothing store and overheard the owner talking to some random supplier and saying something along the lines of 'Just bring anything, I don't even care.' The brands are not local and the clothes are not locally made. I think if Union really wants to be a 'local' establishment, the businesses should sell locally made, locally sourced items, otherwise it is just indirectly buying corporate made-in- China items. I know some of the stores have put forth a lot of effort to do this (Queen Creek Olive Mill, Frances, etc), which is appreciated, but as a unit, I think they could do more.
This has become my go-to place to meet people for coffee meetings. I also had a pretty regular Sunday date with my pal to get work done for the last few months. The staff is friendly, and there is solid food available. It is clear that the people who work here are invested in its success, which is a nice thing to feel when you're spending a few hours in a place. They have mac and cheese and other real delicious bites so I don't have to eat a scone (my issue with most coffee shops).
Forget Macayos Mexican Food!  (I hope you already did) Forget what you knew about Tex Mex or other Mexican restaurants, or wannabes!  Take everything you love about Mexican food and make it gourmet with fabulous presentation, and place it just past downtown Scottsdale.  Los Sombreros is hip and fun with a great bar, wonderful tequila, and a nice outside seating area combined with some of best food I have tasted.  I have thoroughly enjoyed myself each time I have been here, and I will always go back.  Everything I have tried has been excellent.  The staff is friendly, and the restaurant is family owned.  This place is always busy, so there may be a bit of a wait, but I swear it will always be worth it!
Lately, I can't seem to get enough of South Asia in my belly. I have my Valley favorites (India Gate in Chandler and The Dhaba in Tempe), but I wanted to give a new joint a go. So I decided to try the rather palatial-looking India Delhi Palace in East Phoenix because I had heard good things about its lunch buffet.  Luckily, my foodie friends aren't liars. I arrived shortly before the lunch rush. I was greeted promptly and politely. I then asked if the buffet had a large selection of vegetarian options, and he actually gave me a brief but thorough tour of the veggie offerings, which, much to my delight, comprised much of the buffet. I promptly filled my plate with aloo matar and daal maharani. But don't worry, omnivores; there were plenty of delicious-looking meat dishes on the slate as well. The food was very tasty, but what makes this place stand up above other Indian buffets was the exceptional, attentive service. A team of servers worked to make sure I received fresh naan with my meal, my water glass was always filled and any questions I had were answered. I don't expect much in the way of help when it comes to buffets, so this was a pleasant surprise. I will definitely be back one of these days to try something from the menu (bengan bhartha, I'm looking at you).
I remember 10 years ago thinking that the Five Guys in Tempe was awesome. I think they had some cache back then for being the only location in Phoenix. The place was always packed with a line out the door. Now they are everywhere. But each location is still always busy. And I just don't get it. Thin greasy patties with no taste whatsoever.  Yes, you can get a bunch of toppings for free but I would rather pay the extra 50 or whatever for grilled onions and bbq sauce and get more than five little specs of onion and a teaspoon of sauce. I will say the cajun fries were highly addictive but I did not appreciate having to eat them out of the bottom of the paper bag they were thrown into, even though it wasn't a to-go order. And warning if you get jalepenos on your burger: this is the only topping that they are generous with. Which I would have appreciated if they weren't completely raw.  Not sauteed or grilled, not even pickled in vinegar. Just sliced up raw, complete with the seeds, white membrane, and stem.
Shame on the owners of Haus Murphy's for participating in the sham of a TV show "Mystery Diners!" When the producers promise free publicity, and you so easily lie to the public - that is not a business I will support. The "manager" under scrutiny on the show was an ACTOR - not a relative, and not a manager. The show, the conversations, the issues......all phony. Entertainment is one thing, but. I do not respect this at all!
I met Roxy for wine and pizza Tuesday evening.  I showed up at about 6:20pm and the place was packed!  The place is little, but adds to the charm.  They don't win any interior decorating awards, but it is cute enough.  We sat at a two-top right in between two other two-tops.  We even chatted with our neighbors a bit.  It seemed the others were regulars.  Server Ed was super friendly too.When I arrived, Roxy had already ordered me a glass of wine and a pizza.  So I did not look at their menu.  Doesn't matter though- the pinot grigio was very tasty and on happy hour I believe.  The pizza was very, very delicious.  Great crust and sauce and their version of the Margarita pizza was spot on.  Traditional tomato, basil, and mozzarella, with added pancetta.  it was fabulous. It was a perfect summer dinner for 2 ladies.I'm sure we will be back soon, it's nice to break up the Postino's trips now and then.
I have become a soda snob, and it's Pop the Soda Shops fault.  Sure I could drink regular Dr. Pepper and Mr. Pibb, but why would I want to knowing that Dublin Dr. Pepper and Dr. Dublin exist?Pop carries all sorts of boutique sodas, many with pure cane sugar as the major sweetener.  I used to love Coke, Pepsi, and even Royal Crown, but now I just taste bland high fructose corn water.  Thanks Pop the Soda Shop, for ruining everything.
Wow, this place was a disappointment. A group of us ended up here around 10pm on a Friday night. We were seated pretty quickly. The menu looked good, but was very limited for a tapas place. We ordered a couple bottles of wine and started to order food and the first 2 things we asked for on the menu, they were out of. Really? I mean if you only have a handful of things on the menu, you might want to make sure you don't run out of anything. We finally decided on some plates to share and to say that they were small is an insult to all things small. It would be one thing if it was small and the best thing I had ever eaten, but most of it was mediocre at best. The other thing, there was almost no bread served with dishes. It's tough to sit around, talk and enjoy yourself when the portions are are only a couple of bites. God forbid you actually come here for dinner instead of a snack, you'll drop a hundred bucks a person to get full. If you want a good Spanish inspired meal, skip this place and walk a couple blocks over to The Mission, you'll be glad you did.
I am from NYC and Jersey and this is the best pizza I had in 3 years.... enough said GO!!!!
We met up with some friends for dinner here... keeping an open mind about what to expect.  We're all omnivores, but are always willing to try new things!  This place ended up a mixed bag...Overall, the food is pretty good... but also pretty darned expensive for what you get...Note: We all DID find it pretty comical that a completely vegan restaurant makes all of its food LOOK like animal products (hot dogs, hamburgers, shrimp, chicken - you name it).  If it's really a moral stance... why make it look like you're eating meat?  Shrug.  Must just be a vegan thing we're not hip enough to understand (like the guy at a different table wearing a giant peace symbol on the front of a shirt with Army Sergeant stripes on its sleeves - oh the statement that must somehow make, in his head, that just doesn't come out right in reality).The service is also pretty slow... and the food doesn't come out at once - just makes its way to your table as it gets finished in the kitchen.The desserts, in particular, were pretty magically delicious (fried bananas were out of this world)!Overall...... it was just okay......Good food... great desserts... weird deli seating and vibe... high prices... slow service...... just okay...I think the other couple, we were with, liked it more than my wife and I... but I'm not going to run back, anytime soon, to pay 8 bucks for 6 small pieces of soy protein shaped like shrimp, covered in sauce and placed on a little scoop of rice.  That's just paying extra to still be hungry again in 2 hours (which we all were)......
I almost felt underdressed walking into the Mesa location of one of my very favorite eateries. Being used the to hot, crowded, loud Tempe location, hubski and I showed up in our jeans and ratty we-were-thinking-about-going-to-bed-but-decided-to-go-Cornish-style-instead shirts.In this location, the owners had a little- ok a lot- more space to be creative. The seats are church pews. There are candles in wine bottles. I won't ruin everything for you, but just look closely at the tables.Although the space is larger, the decor helps to maintain the cozy comfortable quality we love about Cornish-Tempe.I ordered the Spicy Asiago Chicken- veggie style. Hubski got the veggie tikka masala. They were both delicious, as always. We went back with a friend a couple of nights later and ordered the caramel apple pasty and the banoffee pie. They were out of bananas so they substituted strawberries. It was tasty, but bananas really belong to that confection. The apple caramel pasty was PMS-licious!We love this place and we'll be back soon... maybe tonight!Oh- and a shoutout to Lindsay B.- no trans fats in sight!
Knocking a star off for you Rokerij. Believe me, this hurts me more than it hurts you. I visited last Sunday and our service was friendly, but it didn't make up for the poor delivery of food and the problem with solving issues that we had. I have only had the small plates from Rokerij. This trip I decided to try some of their "New Mexican" offerings.  My appetizer order, which was specifically stated to be an appetizer, not an entree came with my entree. Considering the appetizer did not even have to be cooked (steak tartare), that's unacceptable. When I commented on it I got a "Ugh, I know, right?" Um...really? My entree which was the Rokerij sampler was meh. The best part of the dish was the benedict. The enchiladas were bland and plain old mush.  I had dinner with my best friend Amber, and my good friend Ayesha. Ayesha had me sample her enchiladas as she has specifically asked that she not be served pork. I bit into a bite of pork enchilada off of Ayesha's plate. When the waiter was flagged down, he said "Hm, not sure what to do about this." Really?? Luckily, before I went off like a powder keg, he offered to remake them. He didn't comp anything for the obvious mistakes that were made. I hope he realized that there were some boo-boos made when he saw his tip was so small. I hope to give back the star I just took away, but they're going to have to wow me to do that. It's too bad that this trip was so disappointing.
J Alexander's has an upscale feel to it, similar to Houstin's but not as "posh" as the Capital Grille. It's New American cuisine all the way.  Five stars for decor and service. There's a glitzy wine cellar and a full bar.  The food is what you'd expect out of a place like this.  It's good, but it wasn't the best meal I'd ever had.  I felt that my dish wasn't made specifically for my order--they cranked them out so fast that I had the impression that the kitchen was more of an assembly line.  On the plus side, we were starving and having food within two minutes was definitely pleasing.   The grilled chicken salad was tasty, but it was overwhelmed with tortilla strips. The spaghetti squash side could've used more marinara sauce, but it was a pleaser.  Then again, who spaghetti squash is pretty hard to screw up.  There seemed to be a lack of communication between servers. Everyone's job included delivering and whisking dishes away, sometimes before we had fully finished the plate.  At one point, a Thai chicken salad was placed in front of me.  After telling the waitress that I definitely did not order this salad, it was taken away to another table.  Hmmmm....It could've been a more "personalized" experience; I was expecting to be blown away by this place.  Meh, I could come back.
Quick attentive bartenders. NoConvenient parking. NoPatrons above the age of 24. NoHot waitresses. No.Slow Waitresses. Yes.Everlasting brodeo. Yes.Dirty Bathrooms. Yes.Douchebaggery all around. Yes.Unfresh oysters. Yes. $3 kiltlifter. Yes.Asshole cops that follow you home afterwards. Yes.I decided that I pretty much hate this place. Sorry, I just do.
This update is not because I went back to Rosie's, but to share the comment I received from my server. I really think it's in poor taste she felt the need to contact me and makes me NEVER want to give business to Rosie's ever again.In my review I relayed the events as they happened, I'm not going to sugar coat it. I still think the cost of my friends drinks should not have been charged to me and it's not that my friends are "unreliable dining compainions", it was not their fault their drinks were not charged to them and they didn't notice. The server is the one who rang up the order and made the mistake, she should own up to it, not blame my friends or get pissy with me.It's really too bad that I don't want to give my business to Rosie's because I really do like it there and I really wasn't that upset with the server, just the situation. I still stand by the fact the drinks wrongfully charged to me should not have been my responsiblity. Doesn't matter if the drinks belonged to my friends, I shouldn't have had to pay for the mistake the server made. Here is her comment:I was your server that evening and do not appreciate that you feel servers should have to pay out of our own pockets for your friends mistakes.  We seperate checks to make things more convienent for you.  Most places do not allow split checks.  I am sorry your friends skipped out on their portion of the tab.  Maybe you should find more reliable dining companions. As for the one beer on your tab, that indeed was my mistake and if my memory serves me correctly, i quickly and kindly apologized for MY mistake and swiftly removed it from your tab without any friction. Can't wait to see you again soon.  Rosie's always tries to give a good experience to it's customers.
My inner-nerd was excited to hear about NTN Buzztime and team trivia so I was stoked to come down and try this place out.  I wasn't stoked, however, to learn that NTN and team trivia were two different things.  And I wasn't stoked to wait 10 minutes for our server to wipe down our sticky table.Regardless, this place's parking lot was packed and the bar was buzzing with Thursday night football and baseball fans drinking down pitchers and pints.  Aside from the pool table and shuffleboard, as if that alone wasn't awesome enough - they have FOOZBALL too!!The food and service was pretty average. I ordered a grilled chicken and ortega chile  sandwich with Monterey jack cheese.  It tasted pretty bland - I ate only half, which if you know me, means it must have been pretty blah.  The fries were the zesty seasoned variety - probably frozen, but were still pretty good.  Rum and cokes here were standard as well.  Glasses were shorter than expected, but neither too weak, nor too strong. Now to the trivia.  It's team driven and can go kind of slow.  So the bigger the group at the table, the more brainpower (but also, the more likely for differing answers and arguments).  For my friend and I, who thought we were at a disadvantage - we coasted to 3rd place (out of 10).  Not too bad, and we won a gift certificate back to Hazelwoods.  I'll use it someday I'm sure.  Like when I'm in the neighborhood or something.  Not in a big rush. P.S.  It was Grover who was on the cover of Sesame Street Fever, in case you're wondering.EDIT: 11/07Ok, I'm downgrading to a one-star review, which is for the understaffed Saturday when I went to watch Big-Ten football and have some lunch with a gift certificate.  One server to about 30 people in the entire restaurant portion.  To add insult to injury, I paid with a $10 GC and left a $2 tip for an $8 lunch and the server chased me out when I left and couldn't wait any longer.  Service was so slow and the attitude of the server toward me in the parking lot was uncalled for.
With several Middle Eastern friends, I get a little picky because I get homemade food. Byblos was recommended to my boyfriend and me by a gentleman in Changing Hands who overheard me saying I missed our friend's hummus (they moved back to Israel), so we decided to check it out, and we were so happy we did!The older gentleman who served us had a lovely accent and demeanor, and he was very helpful with choosing appetizers and entrees. The decore is a little sparse I suppose, but the food makes up for it. We had the hummus and shish-kabobs that were delicious. The hummus was as close as we've found to our Israeli friend's, so needless to say that would have been enough to captivate our senses.We will definitely be going back!
A group of 18, and as the lunch group staggered in intervals, the 2 waitresses could not be nicer or accommodating (even up to splitting checks, wow). I took the concensus, most everyone really enjoyed the offerings from the $11.50 4 course set menu... some freaked out over the pandan green sauce over the crispy bananas, obviously rubes not familiar w/ SE Asian flavors... I bet they were expecting Hershey's choc sauce.  :D
Have you tried their  banana coconut cream pie???? Get your butt over there and get it. There was even a layer of chocolate in there !! That is insane ....it was insane and only $6. Go get it right now.
My husband and I are vegan, and we love this place because it's only a few blocks away from our house and one of the best Thai places I've ever been too. Several of the vegetarian options are also vegan, or can be made that way. Our favorites are the red curry with tofu and the flaming coconut soup. There are always plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day, and the owners are very friendly.
Strong drinksss.  I walked over here with some other folks from the Restaurant Leadership Conference next door.  Tommy Bahama was actually our second choice, we couldn't get in at the first spot.We managed to snag seat in the upstairs bar area.  Service was fast and friendly throughout the meal.We shared an appetizer of Big Island Goat Cheese which was coated in macadamia nut pieces and served with strips of thin, crunchy flat bread.  It was pretty good.I had a bowl of lobster bisque which was also very tasty.  It could have used more lobster, but still, very good.I had one cocktail, the kumquat.  I don't recall what was in it other than a 5th of some sort of alcohol.  What sold me on the drink was the house made sours.  Very good drink, good size and I would say two will knock you on your ass, one gets you half way there.  At $13 it's a pricey drink though.3.75 stars, a strong showing for me, an anti-chain kind of guy.
Bar Smith, a sleek and urban find in downtown Phoenix is fabulana. Reminds me of many a haunts you'd find me (drooling and slouched over the bar) in Manhattan. First time there we sat at the bar with a friendly, yet overly informational, bartender. He basically revealed who on the staff had been fired and why (oh my, drug use you say...unheard of in the restaurant business!), how the owners don't pay well...blah blah blah. He was however helpful and knowledgeable with the menu. John had a burger that was meaty and juicy (like his first girlfriend in middle school back in Jersey he says), Monika had a chicken sandwich while I was daring and had a fish (I believe cat) sandwich. Mine was great, I would skip the cheese next time as it takes over the mildness of said fish. We enjoyed an app of sausage fondue....scarey good. So good you don't care if your friend says there's a string of cheese dangling from your lip to nipple, you just want to keep on eating. Second time we all went, I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and that was very flavorful and tender. A/C wasn't always up to speed and I found myself dabbling my brow quite a bit. How positively unseemly!! But seriously, a great, great place...ya'll should head down there tonight!
This place is pretty neat... as a venue, it's got potential. There are a lot of vantage points to catch the show from. It's a great nook and cranny bar. The food is kinda greasy, but decent for bar food. The drinks are reasonably priced. The pool table area is well kept.I have yet to have a really great time here. I think if they could land some really good bands here (read: bands I give a crap about), then it would be a different story. As others have pointed out - it's a little divey, but it's also pretty nice. I'm actually surprised I hadn't reviewed this sooner. Fun Fact: this is sometimes a hangout for off-duty strippers... whatever that means to you.
The food was good - brisket and ribs and mac and cheese.  Good sangria too.  But it is over priced for BBQ, but it is an interesting twist in that is it a little bit BBQ and Mexican - maybe the restaurant  still finding its way.Service was good, but due to pricing, we will not have it on our list of must go backs
Just stopped in for my first bagel from The Bagel Man...WOW! I'm confident in saying this was the best bagel I've ever had. I had the everything bagel, toasted, with their scallion cream cheese on the side. First of all, they put toppings on both sides of the bagel, which is awesome! No more debating which half of the bagel to eat first (I'm looking at you, Einsteins everything bagel!) Second, the bagel was perfectly baked, slightly crunchy outside, moist and chewy inside. And the scallion cream cheese was the icing in the delicious bagel cake. I also spoke to the extremely friendly owner, and I'm so glad to hear that business is going well for him. The only trouble with this place is it's very close to my office, and I'm afraid of all the money I'm going to be spending here!
Finally, a Southeast Asian food pulse around CenPho. When I first moved here, one of the things I noticed was how few choices there were when it comes to Asian cuisine. So nice to see something a little less common like Cambodian food get represented. The spring rolls are a must. For $2, you get a very heavily stuffed roll of rice paper touting chicken, shrimp, cilantro, carrots, etc. The beef salad is also a winner. The seafood soup is flavorful and just might literally nourish the soul. The sandwiches with the pork pate are a great lunch choice. One day, I got one plus a roll to go--all under $6. Of the desserts, everyone should try the sweet and salty corn at least once. The tapioca is my favorite. Light and warm. The best part about eating here is knowing that your money is going toward a very genuine and kind Cambodian family. I have spoken with the chef/owner's son every time I go in. A real sweet guy who will demonstrate how to play the xylophone-esque instrument that is the centerpiece of the main dining room. Speaking of, I love all the touches of decor i.e. travel books on Cambodia at every table. I really, really hope this place does not go the way of some mom-and-pop operations in Phoenix that had really great things to offer. I've been disturbed by the lack of customers I've seen a few times. I want this restaurant to really succeed. I don't want the lines out the door (otherwise I can't get in. ;P) but I want to see a steady stream of patrons. This place really has a chance to be a good-size fish in a big pond. It doesn't fit a cookie-cutter mold and it's got a fantastic bill of fare to show off.
Fucking GREAT pizza!  This place rivals Cibo for my favorite pizza in town.  I had a cheese and peperoni pie.  The peperoni was spicy but not over riding so. That sauce was very fruity, the crust perfectly crispy yet soft and flexible.   Wow.The restaurant is very small and tucked into a dirty little strip mall but the inside is nice.  If you love pizza I think you'll LOVE this place.  YUM!
I have never been a huge fan of Mediterranean food, but I am officially converted!! Let me start by saying the Gyro house has the best chicken gyro I've ever had!I would definitely agree with the other reviewers that aesthetically, this place is not something to look at. It's located in a small strip mall and the restaurant itself is not the fanciest. However, it definitely has character. It looks like your run-of-the-mill small, local business. The owner was in the store when I went in, and he was super friendly and I received great customer service.Now for the good part... the food! I ordered a chicken gyro with french fries. Both were delish! The chicken was very tender and was served on the fluffiest pita bread I've ever tasted. It was topped with lettuce, tomato, red onion (which I picked off), and tzaziki sauce. I paid about $7.50 for my meal, and it was definitely worth every penny. If you're a fan of a great gyro, this is the place for you!
What a disappointment!  After such glowing Yelps, maybe I was expecting too much.  I have to qualify the review by saying that the only thing we ordered from the regular menu was gyoza.  Those were fair, but could have passed for the frozen kind you get from the Asian grocery and pan fry yourself.As for the sushi: both rolls and nigiri were covered with a thick layer of scallions.  If the quality of the fish it good, there's really no need for embellishment.  The fish itself didn't taste fishy or old, but it lacked any flavor at all, subtle or otherwise.  It had a high water content that made it seem like it might have been (gasp) recently defrosted.  This was backed up by the temperature...much too cold.  The sushi rice (yes, it makes a big difference) was a dense and glutinous mass.  You shouldn't have to chew rice that long to get it down your throat.  I gave two stars: one because it wasn't that there was anything  there to actually make you sick; it just wasn't what sushi is supposed to be, never mind what it can be when done right.  And two because the atmosphere was neighborhoody and casual, not trendy.  the waitstaff was really friendly, so much so we tried to justify the place to each other at first (a la maybe they were having a bad day, or maybe the next piece of sushi will be better) but no luck. The search continues.
Cowboy Ciao.  What a sickeningly cute name.  Now I wish I had more to yelp about with you than a quickie business dinner with my boss, but that's all I've got.  Still, I'm gonna review it because I doubt I'll be back.  No, no, don't read that as a criticism; given the opportunity, I'd gladly return.  However, since I so infrequently make it to Phoenix (as in "never"), I doubt I'll be back.Nevertheless, I was happy with my brief interlude.  We didn't have reservations, but would've been happy eating at the bar.  However, in a strange twist only a weekday night would bring, the bar was full, but they had plenty of tables.  Table it is!  I ordered the mini-mushroom mix and the porkbelly sliders.  It was all very, very good.  In fact, I wanted very much to have more than the two sliders they served, but in retrospect, that's probably a good amount of fried up pig for most people.  Though the mushroom mix gets more hype, the pork won the night.Service was friendly and competent, even though we didn't stick around long enough to really enjoy it.  But they called a cab for us, the cab arrived quickly and we headed back to the hotel.  In all, four solid stars.  Had we stayed longer or I had another crack at you guys, I'm sure five stars wouldn't be too far off.  BTW, thanks to ex-Phoenician, current Yelper Robert M. for pointing me in this direction.
I really like this restaurant. I recommend it to everyone.                                                    We have always had a wonderful time here. Valet parking for starters.                           The Staff is incredible always so helpful and you really enjoy them when you are there.  Kyle was our server this time and he told us about half price bottles of wine on Wednesday.  What a great deal!!!                                                                                     The whole layout of the restaurant is beautiful!!!                                                             The food is so good.       They have some really wonderful and unique dishes.            I can't wait to go back again. It is located on Central and Van Buren beneath the Westin Hotel.  You have to go, you will love!!
11/17/10And yet, another WBC update- this time it's regarding the "Thanksgiving" sandwich, which was basically oven-roasted turkey, sage stuffing, and cranberry jam on delicious whole-grain bread.  Had the opportunity to try bite-sized samples at a Yelp event a few days before this visit and enjoyed it so much, I had to have a full sandwich soon after!  Well, OK, so I shared the other half w/ a petite cousin of mine-- she absolutely loved it! We swore that the next time, we'd get our own Thanksgiving sandwiches.  No sharing!12/23/10Doing last-minute Christmas shopping FOR MYSELF, I soon felt hunger pangs and WBC was calling my name!  (It's so nice to know that I can always count on WBC for a tasty meal for those times I don't feel like hauling across the valley in search for good eats!)  The aromas that permeated the air as I approached its warm and intimate setting told me that I made the right decision to eat here.  I quickly peruse the menu, thinking I'd have the Butternut squash ravioli that appeared in so many OYEs this year, but lo!  What do I see?  WBC's added a few new sandwiches, and one hot option jumped at me, and its name was "Braised Beef," ($7.99).  I'll try that one, please!The braised beef was TOPPED w/ rosemary-gorgonzola mashed potatoes, served on a grilled ciabatta roll, and accompanied w/ au jus and horseradish sauce, w/ a side of both regular and sweet potato chips.  Let me tell you, the beef and mashed potato combo was incredible!  I ate the whole sandwich!  (Well, all of the beef and potatoes and half of the ciabatta roll.  Gotta keep a svelte figure, y'know?  LOL.)  I'm going to have to order this again the next time I visit!
First of all, Johnny Chu should be ashamed to call himself a chef. He is barely a line cook. As stated in previous reviews, he doesn't even taste his own food (which accounts for the wide margin of variety a single dish may have on two different visits).So, I made reservations, thinking I may be able to sit at the bar because I arrived 10 minutes early. Wrong. I was ordered to wait outside. Nearly 45 minutes later, and a drink at the bar next door, I inquired about my table. The girl didn't even look up at me to acknowledge I had said anything. After a minute or so of staring at her while she continued to ignore me, she finally said my table was ready. Hmm.The food is horrible. I fear those of you who enjoy it, rather enjoy the "atmosphere" and come here to be seen. The food is either completely bland (e.g., my curry, which tasted of water with a slight hint of something I couldn't even recognize) or so hot as to mask any possible flavor. By calling themselves "authentic Asian" cuisine is just silly. There are so many hole-in-the-wall Asian restaurants that could cook Chu under the table blindfolded.So, the rude, nonexistent service, the insanely overpriced food, and to be seen is what you're paying for. If you enjoy being treated like shit and fed food that I wouldn't feed in a troth for pigs--you may enjoy this place and good for you!
This concept is a hum ding-er in my book. Where can you go to sit down and immediately grab something rolling by on a conveyor belt and star eating? HERE! Plates start at $1.50 for your basic California crunchy roll to $5 for a bit exotic type rolls. I ate there twice in one week, so I can say it works for me for a quick, fun place to eat on the fly. Is there better sushi elsewhere? Of course, but the experience and food is still quite good. The wait staff is very friendly as well.
After all the hype I had heard about this place I was really expecting something special. What I got instead was above average but failing to live up to the hype.Tried both the house special (pretty much a supreme pizza) and the philosophers pie. The special was good and the ingredients fresh. The crust was awesome on both. It was the philosophers that was the let down. It just didn't seem to work and the feta was just too strong.The service however was great and they have a solid draft beer list as well. I will probably come back but this isn't a must stop for me.
I finally got to try hey Joe and man am I happier than Charlie Sheen in Hooters! The menu is pretty short, but does the trick. They have multiple skewers like pork and chicken, lumpia, rie and a few other things. For the adventurous eater, they have "Adidas" (grilled chicken feet), Chicken Ass and Balut. We did the large combo that came with three pork skewers, 1 chicken skewer, 2 of the grilled chicken feet , 2 lumpia, rice and a green papaya salad. I also threw in an extra buck for the Chicken Ass. I have to say the Chicken Ass was to die for! it's pretty much like the little turkey tail, but has a small bone in the middle. All the skewers were good, I liked the chicken the best. I was also a fan of the chicken feet. The skin was perfectly crisp and the glaze was good. Overall the meal cost us 11 bucks, but my wife and daughter split it with me so it was perfect. I wasn't adventurous enough to try the balut, but I did toss em 5 bones for a young coconut to drink, which was great. Overall super happy I got to try this truck, I'll be hunting it down in the near future for sure!
100 flavors of milkshakes. And I didn't try one. I got the cherry "shaker" soda instead. I'm still kicking myself for it. This place is a dream for the control freak. It's also a nightmare for the indecisive. You get to choose how big you want your burger, what kind of cheese and what toppings you want (and there are lots!)...plus all the damn milkshake flavors. After taking about 20 minutes to decide what I wanted, I settled upon the "semi-serious" burger with cheddar. My counterpart and I shared a basket of "frings" which were fantastically greasy. My only complaint: the bottom half of my hamburger bun was paper thin, while the top was practically an entire loaf of bread. You get more than three toppings and you get one messy basket. Just put the top bun on the bottom as well, I say!I adored the glasses made out of jelly jars, apparently that's how they do it down south as we were schooled by our Missouri-born waiter. I myself never considered Missouri to be part of the south but...to each his own.I'm looking forward to fattening myself up on many of their shakes in the future!
Wine service here was attentive, and table service was just as accommodating with our wishy washy group.  I was shocked, especially considering the pampered-poodleness of my friend Maya and the rest of us wanting the coveted sofa section near the dramatic giant mirror -- which we did indeed score later on at this neighborhoody bar.You can't go wrong with the $8 La Playa Chilean chardonnay, and so agreed my Chilean girlfriend from Surprise. A Quilmes lager bottle at $6 is a bit more than I'm used to, but given it isn't served very many places is worth the trouble.Bomberos is way north of Downtown in Sunnyslope, but is well worth the drive.  The coziness of the smallish (former fire dept) main room and the extent of the spacious outdoor patio (especially on Wednesdays) is excellent when they have a Brazilian jazz DJ.
Looking for an incredible steakhouse in AZ and not concerned about the damage you'll do to your wallet?  City Hall is the way to go!I've been to City Hall more than a handful of times through the years as well as it's sister concepts: Ocean Club and Mastro's in North Scottsdale.  You cannot go wrong with any of them.  I just happen to prefer City Hall because of the convenient location to where I live and work!I've been to meet a friend or two for happy hour at the bar, I've been for a bachelorette party, and I often go for celebratory date nights with my husband... as we did on this past Wednesday evening to celebrate my birthday!  If you're up for a bit of a scene, some live music and great people watching, I highly recommend sitting in the bar.Let me reiterate: this is a high end steakhouse.  Expect to valet your car and bring cash for the bathroom attendant as well.  But you get what you pay for.  Service is top notch and the food is the best quality I've found in the state and beyond.Starting with drinks, there are plenty to choose from.  I am a dirty martini girl and they make a mean one here.  It's actually two for the price of one, since they bring you the entire shaker and refill it when necessary.  Awesome wine list as well.In addition to the complimentary bread bowl which comes with my favorite pretzel rolls in town, my fave appetizers are their oysters, calamari, and seafood tower if you're with a group.Next up, I am a huge proponent of the Mastro's House Salad.  Tip: it's large, so my recommendation is to share it with someone.  If not, you could easily make a meal of the salad, the bread bowl, and a drink!And for the main course, if you're going with steak, go for the Bone-In Ribeye, and if you're more in the mood for fish, I say Chilean Seabass all the way... you can split either of these also.  Both arrive on Mastro's signature hot plates, and they've always been cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Pair 'em with your favorite sides - you really can't go wrong here although my top picks would be sweet potato fries, creamed spinach, steamed broccoli, and grilled asparagus.  I've never heard anyone complain about the signature lobster mashed potatoes either.By now, you're definitely full, but keep drinking or hanging out digesting until you make room for dessert.  Don't miss the Mastro's Signature Warm Butter Cake.  Thank me later!  You can't go wrong with the Key Lime Pie or Cheesecake either, but again, that butter cake is to die for!On my recent birthday visit, I enjoyed many of the items mentioned above except for the dirty martini and oysters... I'm prego at the moment, so sadly, I had to pass on both.  But after this baby comes, I can't wait to go back for another incredible meal.  Who wants to join me?!
Houston's, but with a less extensive menu...that's what people say about this place.And they are right...to an extent...so that probably explains why I actually like the place:)The Beautiful Carin and I wandered over for dinner the other evening (as you can see, I am a little bit behind on writing my little review-like stories:)We have been a number of times over the years because when you live in Old Town Scottsdale, Bandera is:* Close* Pretty Decent Food* Close* Pretty Good Martinis* CloseWe generally go to Bandera in the summer and fall when the crowds are gone and they seem almost pathetically happy to see us walk through the door:)I do enjoy the corn bread...like corny, bready candy:)And the martini's are big and chock full of vitamin V (and priced somewhat less than the marti's at AZ88:)The food has always been good, the short ribs, the rotisserie chicken, the prime rib...you know, just good, solid, all-american fare:)Bandera is probably nothing you'd go out of your way for, and certainly nothing that I would queue up for a 90 minute wait for (during the winter months), but worth the stroll over this time of year:)So, if you're in Old Town and looking for corn bread, braised short ribs and an ice cold vodka marti, stop in and see the folks at Houstera...I mean Bandston's...oh, you know what I mean:
Was really hoping to find an alternative to my favorite chicken place as I suffer intense guilt every time I go there due to the fact that our "family values" are not aligned. Unfortunately, Raising Cane was not the answer.There is not a single "healthy" way to order -- seriously, you can't put something GREEN on the menu? Say, a few strips on a bed of lettuce, as an option? It's chicken strips, fries, bread and slaw (optional). Period. The only question is a matter of specific quantities. The chicken was good, but not "as" good and there is ONE type of sauce for dipping, and I do not care for it.  So, I tried but it looks like I'll still be battling my conscience next time I'm craving a chicken sandwich.
Heres the thing, I love thier coffee but not when they make it. I used to hate this place till a friend gave me a free bag. When I made it like a normal human does it is the best coffee I have ever had. 1 tblspn of coffee grinds to 1 cup coffee, best way. The actualy instruct you to use almost double. Pikes placeis the freshest coffee ever. It comes from the plant to the store in a garunteed 14 days. It is way fresher than the rest and very very good when you make it.I give them 3 stars because, while they put such care and standard into thier coffee, they carlessly poison you with the pastries. They get them from a local vendor. Its loaded with trans fat and saturated fat the light scones have around 1300 calories in one. When they place the nutrition facts on the sign with the name of the pastery or make them with real oil, they will earn those 2 stars back from me.
I have been to My Wine Cellar a few times since the change in ownership and I have to say I'm still not sure what to think. I love the idea of a cozy wine bar just a few blocks from my house and that is what this place seems to be. I walk in and the atmosphere is quite cozy and even though there is not a huge crowd of people. The bar is usually full enough and everyone is chatting and appears to be having a good time. Even though the staff is welcoming, I still get this feeling like I'm an "outsider" and not quite a "regular" yet. Can't really place my finger on why.The happy hour prices and selection for beer and wine are fantastic! Full price would be a little more than I would like to spend, but then again I love a good deal so anything "full price" just seems like I'm missing out. We used Living Social coupon a few days before the expiration and were a little bummed that the coupon wasn't good for the happy hour prices. I know this is somewhat typical, however that just makes the restaurants that DO allow the coupons during happy stand out that much more!In the time that I have had food (after the ownership change and before), I think it is obvious this place is all about the wine and the food is an afterthought. Nothing wrong with that. I think it is necessary to offer food if you want people to stay and drink a while; we've got to have something to snack on! Bruschettas, thin and crispy pizzas, and salads all with great descriptions on the menu, but the execution leave a little to be desired. Some of the appetizers taste like I could have just gone to Trader Joe's or Costco and purchased the same thing myself.I promise I am not trying to make this sound bad, I will go back to the wine cellar when I want to relax (but not at home, but not too far away either) with a good glass of wine and a calm, cozy atmosphere. I do like to go there, but I think I like the idea more than the reality. It seems as if there is some unrealized potential at the wine cellar, or maybe that is just the optimist in me. The lesson here is that I will be sure to go during the "happy" hours and I won't go when I'm hungry.
This is what locally owned business is all about - in this case, an inspired husband-wife team.You never know what cold micro brews will be available sourced across the globe - from day to day and from hour to hour. A keg finishes, they hook up a new keg and change the chalkboard listing. Always a surprise - a delightful, delicious surprise.And the pub grub - best I've ever had anywhere. Full of surprises from a chef bursting with ideas. Fried egg to top off a flatbread pizza, pecan pie pop tarts, wild game sausage with condiments made in house daily ... perfect complements to the delicious offerings on tap.Downtown might need to be a place to live - people might not want to drive home after sampling the riches on the streets down here!
After our week in Page, we spent a few nights in Sun City with my Mom and Grandma. Since we were there in summer (which is a rarity for me) I was able to talk Grandma into going somewhere besides the Elephant Bar and a place without having a coupon! As luck would have it, she suggested Skye saying it was a wonderful place and she knew we would enjoy it as an early birthday celebration for my husband. Man oh man was this a great restaurant. Actually it seems like it is half restaurant, half night club and with our 5:30 reservation (yes, this was a "late" dinner for my Grandma), we of course only spent time in the actual restaurant. We were a party of 6 and 4 of us had a cocktail to start. My cosmo was one of the "specials" and was nice and strong for only $6.00. It was the most creative cosmo I have had as it came with a little dry ice in it. Grandma was very happy with her martini and well, no one said much as we drank and perused the menu whilst nibbling on a really good and creative bread basket. My husband and I shared mostly everything and others on the table traded bites. We started with both the Caesar salad and lobster bisque. I was highly impressed with both. The Caesar had homemade croutons and dressing and were very tasty and the lobster bisque was heavenly-not too rich and full of real lobster (even in Arizona!). My daughter had a specialty salad with Gorgonzola and strawberries and loved every morsel. Since I don't eat stinky cheese, I cannot attest to the taste but she keeps talking about the salad. For our entree, Kevin and I shared a bone-in ribeye. This was what 3 of the six(4 if you count me) ordered. My mom had the fish special which was melt in your mouth to die for and my daughter had the filet. The sides are huge and are meant for sharing (like Fleming's or Ruth Chris), so 5 of us shared baked potatoes and mushrooms while the last of our party had the twice baked that no one else got to taste (must have been good).Our steak was incredible and rivals with my memories of Durant's. I savored every cholesterol increasing bite. My Grandma enjoyed hers so much she looked over to me and thanked me for insisting we go somewhere different.Unbeknownst to me, 2 desserts were brought out with candles to celebrate the upcoming birthday of my husband and other part of our party. The desserts were delicious and beautifully presented and since they were "on the house", my Grandma was pleased. I am coming back to the Phoenix area at the end of the month for a couple of nights and am already angling for a reason to come back to Skye...I loved it, I really loved it!
Either I was only given half a menu, or there is extremely limited choices for food selections?  (yes, the goat cheese appie, the only teaser on the menu other than a type of glorified French fry, was good).  The wine list was also small - 5 whites by the glass, a few more reds.  The (back bacon?) sandwhich I shared was very greasy & oily - ick.We were invited to a Devoured Kick-Off event in which we were told we would be involved with 9 bartenders from different establishments who were going to make their concoctions, and that we would be able to try them all.  We were told to sit outside, even though we were early and there was available seating at the bar.  Well, unless you were seated directly at the tiny bar - about 5 or 6 seats on either side - there was no chance for any tastings, as anyone seated there got them all to themselves.  After a few pours, we indicated there seemed to be a situation and were told that no problem: continue sitting outside and they will soon be passing them around.  Didn't happen.  After about  1/2 way through, we realized we would not be partaking of any libations.  We indicated our displeasure, a refund was given, but we were definitely & hugely disappointed.  {We had about 3 other events we had been invited to on this same night, 1 being a free preview screening of a new movie, the other was a new restaurant much closer to home}, and needless to say we were bummed at missing out on better opportunities we had turned down.  Driving all the way here for what?  (Oh, any bar service was, of course, taking forever since it was full of bartenders for the event, so waiting for drinks in any way sucked all around).I should point out that the manager very chivalrously proffered 2 signature Lemonade Cocktails upon overhearing our disappointing dilemma regarding the Martini Tastings.I guess all was not lost, since Halo was across the street & I had been wanting to pop in there for a new custom jewelry piece for a piercing.  Overall, I seriously doubt I'd be back, considering how far from home this is, and all the other many alternates we passed on the way getting there.  But I would be ok with recommending it to someone who either lives nearby, driving past there anyhow, had something else to do in the area.  It is certainly an establishment which seems to be shiny and new in an area which is tired and drab.  Seems to be out of place where it is.  Would I go if it was located in say, Old Town?  maybe I'd give it 6 months before I thought about that. but maybe...
Had lunch here last week with Rand H and Mike C.  I love the building and the grounds, the building was just like being in someone's house.  The staff was friendly and service was excellent.  But the food?  Not so much.  I had a Cobb salad; the field greens did not seem all that fresh, some pieces were soggy and looked old.  Instead of being topped with fresh chicken, there were cut of pieces of deli turkey, you know the chopped pressed and formed deli turkey.  The balsamic dressing was very good.  For $9.25 for a salad I was expecting so much better.What I did love was the bread pudding.  Caramel sauce, apples and topped with real whipped cream, but at $5.50 just a little on the pricey side even for the very large portion.  I might stop in again if I was in the area for bread pudding and coffee, but nothing seemed interesting enough for a return visit.
I'm somewhat new to Arizona, so when relatives from out of town said they had heard of this place on the Food Network and knew what they needed to do to get in, I figured why not?We get off work and head over to meet them at 5:00, when the place opens. There is a small valet lot (full) and a public parking garage ($12.00) which the restaurant will validate (only $9.00, though, you still have to cough up $3.00). Our dinner companions already had a table inside which was great because there was a huge crowd outside. Inside, the restaurant is teeny-tiny, with maybe six tables that seat four or more, a few tables that seat two, and a bar area where people can eat. The bathrooms are one-at-a-time only and the ladies' toilet did not flush properly. I scanned the menu and quickly realized that they serve pizza and some salads - that's it. So if you have any dietary restrictions you're pretty much f*cked. While we are waiting for our food to arrive my dining companions inform me that they showed up at 3:00 to secure a table. THREE?!??! and they WEREN'T the first in line either! WHAT? Bread comes and it is homemade and delicious, with a crispy-outside, spongy-inside thing going on, and the inside was the best - soft and delicious with huge swiss-cheese-like bubbles (don't know how else to so eloquently put it). Then drink refills come. No one else is being served (so they fire up these orders TO order, not bad, okay). I didn't have salad but they looked pretty good - buffalo mozarella and fresh basil, huge slices of tomato for the caprese. Kalamatas on the baby greens salad. Pizza comes out, finally! $12 each for personal-sized pizzas with thin crust. The four-cheese was great; you can really taste the separate flavors of the cheeses. Arugula on top. A couple of the pizzas had salami or sausage on them. Too salty (and I LOVE salt so yeah, that's saying a lot if even I am critical on that point). One pizza's crust was not burned but charred black on half of it. But it's food so it can't be perfect every time now can it. A table of two finished/paid/left. They were the first people to finish from the first wave of customers and it was after 6:00 pm when this happened, and there was still a shitload of people outside. Meaning that if you don't line up at 3:00 to get in at 5:00, the soonest you can be seated is after 6:00 (and that's likely if you showed up between 3:30 and 4:00 for a table). Here's where it gets tricky - we paid, but were finishing our drinks. We were NOT the only ones there taking up a first-wave table who hadn't left yet. And after paying $150 for PIZZA (give me a break, please) the hostess came over and asked us to clear out because "people waiting outside are getting upset." Hey, I can see how that sucks for them but we're customers too and so is everyone else around us who have been lounging around for this long. When we exited the restaurant the people waiting outside were giving us (and everyone else who was leaving) DIRTY looks. Bitch please - it was YOUR decision to come here and wait in this ridiculous line, for one. For two - the food isn't that great anyway. Would I ever come here again? Hell no would I ever wait in a line that long for ANYTHING, not even if they sprinkled diamonds on the overly-salty meats. Oh, and I woke up twice in the middle of the night feeling like my face was caving in on itself and had to get up to go drink water.
After someone RAVED about the carne adovada on Chowhound, I knew I had to have it.  Unfortunately, I wasn't awed at all: the pork wasn't very tender and the sauce was really rather bland.  I wanted to try the posole, but the server almost refused to let me order it, saying it was a "meal in itself."  The portions were pretty big, and it's funny how prices fluctuate from 8$ (the soup) to 30$ (the fish specials).We went on a Sunday night and there was no wait.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is cute and homey, with a fireplace that's looks a little strange next to the huge flat-screen TVs behind the bar.I don't get it.  Maybe it was an off-night?  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing?  Hum.
Went here tonight in a group of 11 including 3 kids.  We didn't have reservations but scored a booth at 6:45 PM without a wait.  Wait staff was attentive.  Ordered the kids choices and appetizers/drinks.  Kids were preoccupied with the kids menu/games with crayons.  I had the million dollar margarita and my wife had the margarita with the chambord.  They didn't skimp on the alcohol!Chips and salsa were great - fresh and spicy!  I ordered pork tenderloin stuffed with chorizo with wasabi mashed potatoes and mixed veggies.  It was very, very good.  Wife had the scallop special and it tasted great too.Overall we had an extremely nice meal and I would definitely recommend it.
Now this is one fancy treat! I went to this mcdonalds late saturday night and almost blew out my britches from the terrible burger king the night before when I realized how good the golden arche's prices treat ya! With the cost of gas more than your neighbors flapjack its hard to imagine how they cram all that chicken in each nuggy and keep it only a dollar to add on to ANY combo meal. 5 stars!
Friendly staff, cozy atmosphere, good food.  I have no complaints about this location or with The Keg as a chain in general.  More importantly, my wife has no complaints either which is very rare.I wouldn't say the food or service here is of Mastro's, Ruth's Chris or Capital Grille quality but its the next best thing.If you haven't already I suggest signing up for their birthday club thing.  They will email you a certificate good for a free meal to use during the month of your birthday.  It will say you can use it for a steak but you can get the cash value ($23 or something) to use for whatever you want.  Last night my wife and I sat in the bar area to take advantage of the happy hour drinks and those awesome potato chips.  The happy hour drink specials for beer and wine are pretty decent but the orange martini thing is way too sweet.  They should just have a regular martini.Anyway, I had a burger and my wife had a salad with grilled shrimp.  My burger was perfectly cooked and had excellent flavor.  My wife's salad was very tasty as well and contained 6 or 7 nice size shrimp.  For a side we shared an order of the roasted beets which were fantastic.The only downside of this place is that it is located in Desert Ridge.  I hate that place with a passion.  It is always so crowded and the layout of the place just sucks.  Just getting in and out of the parking lot can be a clusterfuk.  Whoever designed this place is an idiot.
Save money!  Eat at Lolo's!  Go here for an early lunch and you are set for the day!  Perhaps a small snack 6-8 hours later but that's pretty much it!My second visit to Lolo's didn't quite measure up to the first visit...and still it was 4 stars.Great company with a group of Yelpers and my family too!Seriously, I was full 6 hours after eating here.
haven't had the food at Essence in awhile because it is just too slow, too crowded and too hot. But, I do LOVE the macarons. However, it's such a pain to get them, I may need to find my fix elsewhere. Last Friday, my gluten intolerant buddy flew into town for a visit. i stopped by Essence at 12 p.m. to pick up three caramel macarons for a treat. parking lot was overcrowded, complete with double-parked cars, I illegally parked with friend in car to "run" inside to pick up two.line to order food was 4 deed and the two gals at the registers didn't seem too in a hurry to get us all processed. by the time I got to the counter, they only had 2 left, and i was told they had no more. i took my two, paid for them and left.buddy loved them. so much that she wanted to take 4 home to share with her family. i called essence this a.m. to order (and pay for) over the phone, so we could swing by at 1230 on the way to the airport and pick them up. well, essence will only take phone orders of macarons for a dozen or more...well, at $3 a pop, that was out of the question. the gal on the phone said, oh, at 1230 we'll have plenty. really? i said. i was there on friday at noon and you only had 2 left.so, we took our chances today...i dropped her at the front door and i circled the parking lot over and over (of course there is no parking). friend waited in line for 10 minutes just to be told they only had two left and that the ones in back wouldn't be cool and available for at least 1/2 hour. friend, frustrated, bought the two and left. essence has great food and great baked goods. but the space, parking, and service cannot keep up with their recent success.
Best Chinese food in the East valley... that I've found so far.  This is now a regular take-out place for me and the girl
Why update a review if the star rating can't get better?  Cuz I still can't get over the wagyu corned beef....
A few years ago, I took a trip to Phoenix as a thank-you gift from a client.  Hey, win a $330,000,000 case, get a free weekend trip to Phoenix.  Who knew?  What was the highlight of the trip?  The fantastic hotel?  Nope.  The multiple free rounds of golf in the middle of February?  Nope.  The adoration of my client, who owed their entire continued corporate existence to my courtroom magic?  Oddly, nope.  Waffle House?  You got it!The Mason-Dixon line can also be called the IHOP-Waffle House line.  North of the line, IHOPs abound.  South of the line, Waffle Houses flourish.  Given my choice, I'd take Waffle House every time.  Here's why.1.  Everything on the menu can be added as a side order to anything else.  Want bacon and eggs?  Fine.  Want to add 1 pork chop to that order?  $1.99 more.  Want to add 2 pork chops to that order?  $2.99 more.  And so on, all the way up to 6 pork chops.  Same story if you want to add a t-bone (higher price, but still).  So, you can literally start with bacon & eggs and end up with a 15,000 calorie buffet-buster, and still be out....maybe....$10.2. The waitresses don't fark around.  They keep the water and diet Pepsi coming, call me "hon," and get the job done.  Plus, the check comes with the meal, which saves me time when the ambulance arrives to take me to the ER for an emergency stomach pumping.3. No reservations required.Listen, I can eat New American food till the cows come home.  But sometimes, you just need a little old fashioned Low American.  Traditional.  And Waffle House fits the bill.
Don't make the same mistake that I did and wait to try this place during your last month in town. In between my gym membership and leaving, I wanted to make sure I was still getting a work out in and found that Sutra does "tastings" where you can sign up for as short as two weeks for $25.The Skullpt classes are a great work out- they mix pilates, dance and yoga moves. So far I've taken classes with both Chelsea and Meghann and would highly recommend both of them as instructors. They are great at pushing you, and also providing the proper positive reinforcement one needs when you feel like your body is going to fail on you.The actual studio is gorgeous, clean and has little storage cubbies for all your stuff. I'm honestly sad that I lived this close to this studio and didn't look into it sooner- don't make the same mistake that I did!
Well...lookee what we got here...more frozen yogurt that you serve yourself and pay for by the ton:)The last time I tried this (at Ice Tango) I was somewhat less than successful...I ended up with 11 lbs. of fro-yo on my hands and about 4 oz's of chemical tasting "yogurt" in my cup (which cost me about $28.00, if memory serves:)I was much more successful and efficient at Yogurtland...and happier:)I was focused...I was resourceful...I was sure handed...but mostly, I was lucky...they had vanilla (the Bentley of flavors) and I was rewarded for trying serve yourself fro-tang again, with clean hands and a reasonably priced cup of yo-fro:)In the whirling vortex of irony and karma that makes up Old Town Scottsdale (or, as I like to call it "home":), Yogurtland is located cheek by jowl (you read that right, I was, in fact, born in a barn) with Sprinkles, home of hilariously priced crapcakes:)Yogurtland has very good, reasonably priced treats (about 30 cents an ounce, with no lead weights in the crease at the bottom of the cup, like Ice Tango had:)...as juxtaposed with it's neighbor...who does not:)The store smells nice and clean, the people behind the counter generally seem nice enough, everything works and the yogurt udders were not supercharged and easy for me to manage...I was able to get just the right amount of tasty vanilla yogurt in my cup to make about $1.50 treat...sweet, frosty and delightful!You know what's a good way to dine out in Old Town?Swing by Fred's for a couple of great marti's, and then wander across the street to Yogurtland for a delightful sweet treat and just call it dinner:)That's how we roll in the 85251:)
I wouldn't advise any health nut go here but if you want some cheap super yummy HUGE taco's with frybread wrappers?   Hit it up!The ladies working were really nice and the price was pretty fair.I felt like a peace pipe afterwards... no really... okay no I didn't but it was really good.
*Torn about this spot. The radish cakes were chock full of goodies but served off a plain non heated cart which just about cancels out the yum factor for me. Pork dumpling ,again tasty just ice cold off the same cart. I should have known better, but service was sporadic and I felt somewhat ignored, so impulsively chose something I knew wouldn't be hot. My bad.Some of the dumpling wrappers stuck to the metal steamers off the hot cart which made them hard to tackle. Veggies were good and hot which was a highlight. First steam cart go around chicken feet were gone already and they had just started service, this seemed odd to me. No worries as I soon spied another cart. Since this isn't my first rodeo I know to get up and get them myself, no biggie, just bring your card along. Downright felt like a fish out of water though as my actions were somewhat questioned. Not sure if it was due to expecting a large crowd the following day for a holiday but service was not good. Almost felt unwelcome. Shame though as the chicken feet were some of the best I have sampled in town. Spicy, with a great depth of flavor. Same could be said about the tripe. Cooked well, extremely fragrant with ginger and scallion and just the right amount of texture. Divine. No fry cart however. Every dim sum joint that I felt was worthy of great praise has a fry cart or two on which they would heat up the cakes and assorted applicable offerings. So I am torn. Many of the offerings were tasty but cold, which goes against every core of my being. * This was a tough review to finish, started a few weeks ago, and I have since discovered Xanadu. However, if you are dead set on staying in this area, this is a distant, but solid second choice.
When I arrived I already had an idea of what I wanted. The man that greeted me at the counter was very professional and polite. He handed me a menu and asked what I would like. I explained that I wanted the mongolian beef. As I was ordering I looked back into the kitchen and it appeared to be very clean. This menu item comes with a bowl of white rice. He asked if I would like a drink as well. Usual service, but done very professionally. I received my food quickly and it was very tasty! The portion sizes are generous and filling. While I was enjoying my meal another patron entered the restaurant and made a large order. When the order was completed the restaurant staff proceded with her food out the front door to load it for her. I was shocked that they didn't offer to do it and just did it! That is great customer service!!I must say I was very impressed not only with the food but the customer service as well. I believe they also have good business practices in place by using paper cups and styrofoam plates. I will definitely go back! Thanks Yan's!
Roka Akor is amazing.  The sashimi is fresh and perfectly cut.  The desserts are also perfection.Blue fin tuna flight was their special tonight and it was so delicious that I took a moment to close my eyes and indulge in the moment of the melting fresh fish in my mouth.  The rice hotpots are always good - I've had the mushroom rice hotpot with mountain vegetables and one with crab, both were delicious.  I've had steak both times I've been there and while it was very good, the sashimi, rice hotpot, and desserts are must haves.
This is the best and most authentic Japanese food in AZ.  Toh Zan serves up the tastiest original Japanese food that I've ever tasted, even in comparison to LA's Japantown.  The restaurant is a bit small and the owner might seems standoff-ish but they are polite and nice people.I don't like to be waited on hands on foot so this actually fits my lifestyle.In the summer months, you should try their cold noodle, especially Ten Zaru (cold noodle with shrimp & veggies tempura).  My wife really like their Chicken Katsudon.  The meals generally comes with some sides (salad, miso soup, etc) and in generous portion.  The food is never oily and taste fresh.  Give this place a try and you will not be dissapointed.
Canton Wong 3 has the best delivery Chinese food I have ever had.I have had the family bean curd, ma po tofu, egg fried rice, veggie chow mein and the veggie egg rolls.They have never messed up my order, normally take about 45 minutes, and the drivers are always nice.They take CC over the phone and they ask for your ID when you get there to make sure its your card. Good fraud protection :)They leave you with coupons, and the food is already reasonably priced.Only complaint is they are closed Monday and I think they close at 9, so if I want late night eats I have to go somewhere else.
5 stars for the special fishes. The wild caught salmon, the ono, and a couple other atypical fish they had this past weekend. It's been months since I've been here (I'm wondering WHY it took so long to come back). Their fresh fish has always been the highest quality and fresh. I'm sashimi all the way - no rice to muss things up, and no desire for most of the cooked stuff - so my rating is really based on the fish experience. And the salmon skin - excellent rolls and hand rolls. I have found few, if any places in the valley with as good selection and quality of fish. Prices are certainly not cheap, but the if you are all about plain slices of raw fish, it's is way better than the cheaper places.
While on my quest to find the perfect cookie, I came across Urban Cookies in Phoenix. After many failed attempts to stop by when they were actually open (I went on Sundays when cookie ovens rest), I finally made my way to their quaint downtown shop during business hours. Less is more and Urban Cookies has this trick mastered. As you walk in, it's no bigger than your Grandma's kitchen. But it's trendy, clean and immediately gives you the feeling that you're about to taste something spectacular. The counter top was lined with cookies and cupcakes. The friendly staffer welcomed me and gave me a brief rundown on the cookie selection. All but one of the cookie types are permanent and then they switch out the "special" here and there. When I visited, they were featuring the lemon cookie. They had about six different kinds of cookies. I couldn't discriminate, so I left with three different kinds: one chocolate chip coconut, chocolate oatmeal, and the special of the week...the lemon cookie. Yes, it's a dominate chocolate selection, but I have a bit of a chocolate addiction. I admit it. So, like a kid who got away with their hand in the cookie jar, I left with a bright smile on my face, while I avoided eye contact with my will power. After "taste testing" each of the cookies (ok, I didn't just taste test them; I finished them over the course of a couple days), I can full endorse Urban Cookies' awesomeness. I think the coconut chocolate chip was my favorite, followed by the lemon. The lemon literally crumbled and melted in your mouth all at once. I wish I could have stayed and enjoyed everything the cookie shop had to offer, but I plan on making frequent visits to quench my cookie addiction. In summary, I give Urban Cookies a cookieliscious high five for their tasty treats.
Lions and cougars and manthers! Oh my! Yep. I might as well have been on a safari....the cougars we're thick as thieves. We were here for an event and this joint was jumpin'! Thankfully, it must hold 10,000 people...it is enormous. Lots of different rooms, patios and lounges for the cougars to make their attack. I had VIP service so I can't complain about that. The food was a buffet and was actually quite good. Of course I could have eaten a dish rag and been happy as I needed something to soak up the free Patron. Yep. Free Patron. The crowd was typical for this neck of Scottsdale. Hello stereotype! Could you be any more accurate. I had fun mingling, people watching and leaving. Yep. Leaving. We made a quick escape after I was called a fag in the bathroom by some gelled up, steroided out cardboard head dude. Sorry, just cuz I tried to share a urinal with him. Jeez! What's up with that. Some people are so territorial! I'd go here again, for an event, but never, never for a night out. Adios Barcelona!
When only a serious cut of beef will do, prepared and served by another (instead of your backyard grill)--go to Fleming's. Very nice restaurant with professional waiters, a great menu, and tasty wine list.Although, I've eaten several fine meals at Fleming's, the reason for this recent review is a new discovery: the PINNACLE of hamburgers for $6 dollars at happy hour. A half pound Prime meat hamburger, with smoked bacon, and choice of cheddar, gruyere or blue cheese on a toasted challah bun. Damnation!! best hamburger I've ever eaten. Did I mention 6 bucks at happy hour? Phenomenal.
The beautiful Carin and I went to the Village this morning for our respective workouts...She hit the cardio machines hard and I played squash with my buddies.As I finished my last game with one of my buddies, Jim (who happens to be a cardiologist), he mentioned that I looked a little emaciated...peaked even, and prescribed chicken and waffles, "stat" (stat is a medical term that means "with extra butter, syrup and a side of grits":)Fortunately for me there is a new emergency location for Lolo's that has opened up altogether too close to my home:)Serendipity started to smile on me when we pulled up just as someone was leaving and we scored the parking spot right in front...serendipity continued as we put our name in for the 30 minute wait, only to be called after 15 minutes...and continued to weave it's way through the entire meal, as we got our drinks right away (really, is there much of anything better than a 1/2 gallon of sweet tea with your Saturday afternoon brunch?:), and we were waited on promptly and served right away.I was saved from wasting away:)I was particularly delighted for 2 reasons:     - This was only their second day open in Scottsdale and they were   absolutely slammed with both people eating at Lolo's and with take out orders, so it looked like the service was a little uneven...but the Lolo's staff were so darn nice to everyone, most of the customers seemed  to be pretty understanding:)     - This was Carin's first experience with Lolo's, and like all of her other "first times" with me, I wanted it to be both "special" and "delightful"...I am a loving, thoughtful and caring husband:)We couldn't have asked for it to go any better, especially for going by so soon after they opened:)The chicken and waffles are every bit as good as the original location down on Yuma:)...Carin has fallen in love with Lolo's, too:)The decor in the new place is pleasant...welcoming and comfortable...I love the wash tub lighting treatments:)And the staff continues to be pleasant (trending toward sweet as pie) to everyone...they could have been pretty tight-faced today, because they really did have a ton of people (all looking to get their chicken and waffle on) come by Lolo's today.I wasn't expecting to give these guys 5 stars right out of the gate, but doggone it, they earned it!Great food, great atmosphere, nice people and now, right in the hood:)I wonder if Jim is going to send me a bill for the medical advice? :-)
So, I moved back to the Bay Area 6 years ago this week. Last week, I was in Phoenix and met with some friends from high school who I haven't seen in 9 and 11 years respectively. Our 20 year HS reunion is next month and since I am not going, decided we should have our own mini type reunion and this was a place easy enough for all of us to meet up. Yes this is a chain, and yes when in Phoenix I play the chain game. When this restaurant was built, it was all the rage. I used to work for a company close by and this was the place we would go to for recognition type lunches, etc. The portions were huge, there was a salad bar (yep this seems eons ago) and service was great. There was always a line and if you showed up at dinner time, you had to be prepared for a 1+ hour wait. We all met at 6:30 on a Wednesday night. No line outside, no one waiting inside and we were seated immediately. This told me right away that either the economy has taken a real toll or that the Claim Jumper isn't jumping anymore. We were seated and all just started gabbing away. We all had non alcoholic beverages and warned the waitress we would be there for the long haul with gabbing, etc. so if she needed us to leave so she could get more tables to let us know. Heads up folks visiting AZ from CA-any wait staff in AZ DOES NOT MAKE MINIMUM WAGE. They make around $4.25 an hour now (used to be $2.12) and have to depend on tips. This is why I find service in AZ to typically be stellar compared to service here. They have a smaller menu than they used to and also offer smaller plates. We all had something different-me a spinach salad and a big ass baked potato. My friends had a chicken sandwich of sorts and the meatloaf with mashed potatoes. We were all satisfied and my friends each took part of their meal home. We also all shared a coffee ice cream mud pie. It didn't taste as good as I remembered it, but it was a nice end to the meal. The desserts are still larger than life and even with 3 women gabbing and noshing, we left about a third of it. The waitress was great-the restaurant still never got busy and we ended up closing the place down (that would be 10pm)! The three of us then ended up sitting outside in front of the restaurant and gabbed and gabbed until well after midnight. It was a great evening and a nice place to have played catch up with old friends (none of us are 40 yet so they wouldn't like me calling them "old"). I drove back to my mom's and parked the car, took off my shoes and walked through the house on my tip toes. Kind of like how I used to come home in high school but I wasn't drunk or stoned...
Sacks is growing on me.  I think that I like my sandwich more when I do the "self portrait" and pick what I want on my sandwich.  They have plenty of choices, but I guess I can be picky with my sandwiches.It gets busy here, lunch is best if you go a bit early or a bit later.  The phone is best for pick ups, it's super easy and super quick.The best part is that you get a little cookie with your sandwich and they have multiple iced tea selections.  All of them are delicious!
What the hell happened to this place?I used to love Chino Bandido... their wacky Mexican/Asian combos seemed to give me consistent mouth-gasms every time I'd go there. Within the past year or so however something changed, the staff went way downhill and the resulting food that comes out of the kitchen is a sad and pathetic shadow of what it used to be. Just to illustrate this point, I decided to give this place another shot a few weeks ago and upon walking in (the place was empty by the way) I was greeted with a "wassup' by the main kid at the register... nothing more than that... just "wassup" with a look on his face like I was a rival gang member entering into hostile territory... not very welcoming to say the least. After ordering my combo dish 'to go'... I was treated to about a 15 minute wait, and while I was waiting the three kids working in the kitchen were rapping with each other. Some of the words coming from their mouths are probably too harsh to include in this review. It was obvious that they were paying no attention to my food that was cooking. It was so uncomfortable to be sitting there that long, staring at a group of clueless kids making fools out of themselves... I almost walked out without my food even though I had already paid; because let's be honest... the chance of this food being decent at this point was near zero in my mind. After my long wait, and being handed my bad of food by one of the delinquent-looking employees (who by the way didn't mutter a single word when giving me my dish or when I left)... I went home to uncover what horrors awaited me in that styrofoam container. Let me just tell you my friends, it was not pretty. It looked like someone had taken an ice cream scooper and just plopped a pile of beans on top of a soggy tortilla and rice... then put in on the floor and stepped on it. It was a mushy pile of greased up nothingness... no substance, just a poor excuse for a pile of food that could be mistaken for animal excrement.By no means should you go here, unless they revitalize this place or hire some new staff... so this is your warning; avoid the Chandler location like the plague!
when i was 11 my mother taught me how to use an Abacus. i felt like i was given "ancient chinese secret". which is odd, because how the hell did my mother get an ancient chinese secret. she was a white woman from Rhode Island..but anyways..i was all into this thing..doing my homework, keeping track of how much money my friends owed me, took it with me when i was buying groceries at the store.sadly, i got out of practice...now i look at the damn thing like every other american and wonder. wtf it is that thing.Lunch Specials are affordable, food is pretty good. nothing all that special. it's just  a catch all american-chinese food place. if you in the area and are looking for lunch options give it a try. if you are looking for great asian food, give it a pass. i think i paid 7.50 for lunch. 10 with tip.
OK, so we went back tonight for dinner.. I have to say, I was pretty peeved that they raised their prices.  So, now when I ordered just ONE shrimp taco, it came out to 4.90 with tax and all - are you flippin' kidding me!?!?!  It's about 5 shrimp, chipotle cream salsa, red cabbage, and corn tortilla for FIVE DOLLARS.  No way... I mean, they're pretty damn good tacos for being hundreds of miles away from the shore, but 5 dollars for ONE taco?  That's a bit presumptuous. Like I said before, I'm not expecting .99c value meal prices.. but I'm also not paying Scottsdale prices for a taco.
Good-quality food and very consistent.  My group enjoyed the chicken tikka masala, lamb karahi, mutter paneer (peas and homemade cheese in a coconut curry sauce), with basmati rice and aloo paratha (naan with potatoes and peas).  Their vegetable samosas are pretty tasty, too!Service could be much better.  We had to wait awhile to order the food, dessert, and then again for the ticket.  BTW, portions are pretty slim, but the flavors all but make up for the small portions.
I really enjoy Gallo Blanco, whether it's for brunch or lunch/dinner.Is it a perfect experience? No way... not by any means. But it is a much better effort than what we all had to endure with C4 , Clarendon Kitchen, etc... Nothing seemed to stick.I will say I did not enjoy being dropped on by condensation from an AC unit a few weeks ago, but that is neither here nor there, because of our large party, and because I did not formally complain to the server/management.Every other experience has been how I like it. Servers seem a little new and lacking confidence so far. But overall, I like it. The food is decent. Not excellent, but done pretty well -- everything from the elotes to the guacamole.I especially enjoy the brunch and the value of it. Are you really serious? $5 brunch with chorizo egg and refried beans, done just right?!  Breakfast and dinner tortas served on soft bolillos are done decently here, although the crust could be a little more tough.Tacos are priced just right, cooked well and are worth the $2.50 each! Can't decide if I like the fish or the carnitas better. Anyhow, decide for yourself.
My husband is always on the hunt for tasty Mexican food. You can find "fancy" Mexican food all day long in the Valley, but we've yet to find casual Mexican that's not served on a paper plate, and is really good. Well, we found it at Mi Patio. The inside of the restaurant is much better than I expected - it's super cute, absolutely decked out in themed gear, has a vibe, a bar and makes you feel like you're in Mexico. What we really weren't expecting was AMAZING SERVICE. I mean, better than most places in the Valley. Our drinks were never half empty, we had everything we needed and it was quick (without making you feel stressed out or rushed). Then, to top it off, the food was great. We shared the green chili cheese crisp and the "Mi Patio Especial" shredded chicken burro with the white sauce and it was delicious without feeling toooo greasy. We'll be back!
Their sign says the nicest place on earth or was it happiest....wait thats Disneyland. I think. Anyway, the folks behind the counter are very nice and helpful. I like that they have pasta here and the meat is sliced right in front of your eyes if your into that sort of thing. Everything always looks really fresh even today at 4 pm. I have been coming here forever and will continue to do so.
CLOSED!!They owed so many hard working people so much money. I'm thrilled that they got what was coming to them. Best wishes to the staff that they walked out on.
Absolute BEST Frybread place in Phoenix. The only frybread I prefer over this place would be the home-made frybread my friends Rocky and Mario would make, so you know I'm not messing around with this, folks. Try their amazing Frybread Tacos, which was vegetarian friendly, btw and if you do eat meat, their green chili is an absolute delight. Cheap, quick, and open late--- If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.
Excellent food, excellent service. Even the required valet service hustled as they worked for their tips. On Monday and Tuesday nights, Postino has a $20 special (not to be confused with happy hour) that includes a bottle of wine and a bruschetta board. We ordered the Nine Iron panini, a bottle of Sola Fred red wine, and a bruschetta board consisting of the following selections (check my photos, too!):Ricotta with Dates & PistachiosBrie & Apples with Fig SpreadSmoked Salmon with PestoProsciutto with Figs & Mascarpone My absolute favorite was the salmon and pesto, but I definitely appreciated the salty crunch of the pistachio and ricotta, and the sweet juxtaposition of the sweet figs and prosciutto. I did not care for the coldness of the apple and brie. I honestly don't remember much of the panini except that it was "good", mainly because I was so enthralled with the bruschetta. By the time I had turned my attention to the panini, I had also had a good amount of wine.Halfway through our meal, a manager (presumably) appeared and apologized for the amount of time it took for a waitress to take our order. It was extremely busy and we therefore did not think anything of the "wait" but still appreciated the very, very generous comp. Clearly, Postino takes their customer service seriously! Beware! Seating wait times are very long, especially for groups. Because we had a group of more than 8, the man who answered the phone was very polite and helpful in reserving a table, resulting in quick seating.  If it's just you and a friend, no problem! They have fireplaces you can sit next to. All in all, I definitely recommend this place. I love me some vino!
I. love. Copper. Star! Why?Cool location (converted filling station with working drive thru...how cool is that?)Unpretentious (cute!) staff Cool owners (they so "get it")Fab coffee (never bitter, extra foamy when I ask!)Yummy cupcakes (never dry and lots o' yummy frosting!)Groovy musicGreat customersJust wish I lived closer....I'd be here all the time :).I dare say this is my favorite coffee place...in Phx...ever :)
It was a beautiful day, I found parking right in front of the restaurant, and we were served quickly. What can I say - it was a 5-star day.I had a delicious cucumber & honey lemonade and a scrumptious gluten-free curry chicken with rice noodles. The curry was not spicy (by request), the chicken was cooked perfectly and the noodles were flavorful and abundant. The entree was enough for two meals. I will definitely be back for more.
Dear Sports Bar Elves, please open up a sports bar like this in other locations (like Old Town) around the Valley. The end. Ok not really, but I do wish more sports bars like these existed around town. K O'Donnell's is the perfect mixture of sports bar meets grill. There are plenty of locations to sit and enjoy a meal, but there are tvs everywhere you turn so if someone wants to watch a game they can do so. In addition to the grill, there is a large bar area with a spacious patio, plus they even have a back room dedicated to poke and with plenty of poke tables. The food here is good and better than average bar food. The bruschetta is delicious and should be called garlic, cheesy, fluffy bruschetta. I had the Cobb salad which was also tasty and combined a side of blue cheese dressing with the balsamic vinaigrette. This is definitely an excellent choice for weekend night drinks or weekday happy hour or dinner.
This is a five star place, no doubt.  Good for people who don't eat meat. good for people who love meat....how is that possible? This is a small operation, family vibe all the way, with wonderful lunch and dinner options.  I have personally had: the vegetable sunsubeck (i am totally spelling that incorrectly) which is veggies in a phyllo; mezza (appetizer with hummus, babganosh, cheese, pitas, etc); falafel; lemonade (awesome!) and the walnut baklava.  All of these items were good to excellent.  This is by far one of my favorite middle eastern food places in the world, even better than the Shwarma King in Bratislava, Slovakia...no joke!   I have taken people to Sahara who afterwards raved about the lamb tikka.  I have never cooked or eaten  lamb, but my friends tell me it is a difficult meat to prepare so that it is not tough and that the lamb here is excellent.  Just passing the word along, good thing this is not Law and Order or else that last statement would be stricken from the record for being here-say...or something clever that Jack McCoy would come up with...ooops..i digress..There are three different kinds of baklava...let me say that again:  THREE KINDS O' BAKLAVA:  pistachio, walnut and almond.  The honey and rosewater in the baklava really puts it over the top.  Oh and did I mention that it is moderately priced, lunch under $10, dinner for two under $40 with drinks, appetizer and desert.  Also has take out, take away, whatever you want...Okay let me give the rundown:Food:  awesomeService:  first rate, nice, warm, feels like homeAtmosphere:  busy, with people excited to be eating good foodWould I go again:  I might go tomorrow!Should you go:  yes x 100
I'd been craving huevos rancheros for a week. Every time I got the "we're going to Arizona to see my family. Save your appetite for the authentic stuff" line. Well, two days into our trip and no huevos rancheros in sight, we were trolling the internet for non-chain restaurants in Tempe. Not only was Harlow's independent, but it was amazingly not in a strip mall! Don't get me wrong, they can do some amazing things in strip malls down there, but it never ceases to be what it is. Harlow's is in a low-built shacky building next to a barber shop. I inhaled those huevos rancheros (with green AND red sauces) like it was my last meal of the day. It certainly was not the last, but (don't tell the family) it was the best. Also, service was friendly, S's meal was good, the decorations were funky, and even on Christmas eve at the end of the brunch time, we were treated very well.
It had been at least a year, possibly closer to two, since my last visit to Padre's and I was worried that rumors of a new chef and changes in the kitchen may have made my earlier comments null and void.  I am pleased to announce that I had the carne adovada again today and it was just as tender as I remembered it. In fact, I stand behind my original review 100% -- the chile could be a little spicier, but the meat is perfectly marinated and fork tender! Delish!
Okay so I have to make a confession... Del Taco has some of the tastiest Chocolate Fudge Cake around. In addition to the nummy little thing being just the right amount for under $1.50, you can get it at 3:00 a.m. when there is no hope of finding such a treat elsewhere.You will never catch me having a crispy shrimp taco (the idea of seafood from a fast food place makes me want to hack), but holy bajeebus... that cake is like crack!
Honestly, I LOVE the food here, but the service is absolutely horrible. Everytime time I go I wish for acceptable service and it unfortunately never happens. I decided to bring my parents here for dinner to show them exceptional food, but we were treated poorly. It took at least 15 minutes for my beer that was already poured in the glass when I received it. Not only did the beer take a while, the appetizer did as well. When we repeatedly questioned about our appetizer, our server became frustrated with us. Because of his frustration he had the manager bring the app. The manager asked how we were and with unhappy faces we did not answer, and the manager proceeded not to ask about our poor attitudes but simply walked away. Throughout the meal the server never stopped to talk to us to enlighten our moods, except asked us how we were in passing. Never stopping once, not even to drop the bill! I myself work in the restaurant business and understand the difficulties when dealing with unhappy guests, but by no means was this correct way!!!
This is the Good Safeway. The Evil Safeway is at 7th st and McDowell.Good Safeway:CleanEasy to find thingsWide selectionFresh produceEvil Safeway:Ghetto ass shitWilted produceLimited selectionHeroin addict park across the streetIt's been robbed during 2 shopping trips... wtf?Only 4 stars though because a lot of the bakery goods have partially hydrogenated oil. WTF Safeway? Don't make me sic Lindsay on ur ass, yo.
My prediction: this restaurant will receive a Michelin star (or rising star), and soon.Compared to the two (one-starred) restaurants I have eaten at (in NYC and Napa Valley) I would say the cuisine is par and the service/experience is even better.I particularly appreciate the expanded take on indigenous cuisine in each course- from the amusee to the sorbet palate cleanser to the dessert.  And the primary dishes off the menu do not disappoint.  Table-side flambe' of fresh marshmallow and a drizzle of liquor before pouring the soup into the bowl?  Gorgeous.  A few "threads" of squid ink pasta under the shellfish?  Well yes, thankyoumoreplease! I don't typically spend this much on a meal unless it is a very special occasion date with my husband.  But I was determined to try Kai while traveling to Scottsdale.  I (insert effort of bravery) made reservations to dine solo.  Every aspect of the process- phone call, confirmation, free valet, escort, table-side service (friendly and attentive without one iota of snobbery!), and departure (chocolate truffles to go and a handwritten thank-you note from the lead waiter and a bottle of VOX waiting in my car!)- was the definition of "above and beyond."The prices are steep.  And OH SO worth it.
My GF and I fluttered over to the WCG the other night.    I was informed that WCG is "reallllly good but kinda pricey".  Pshaw, I laugh in the face of pricey... (except at Mastro's, then I cry like a little girl).  Walking in, I noticed the  oustide of the place was modern and lemmie tell ya, I like modern.  Well lets say modernish...yeah.  Before we took the plunge inside, I decided to read the gilded framed menu suspended next to the entry door;  while I was reading at least 2 different blue hairs going in had to stop and tell me how FABULOUS the food was .  Hook , line and sinker.  I mean, if you can't believe the old farts, who can you believe?This place is kinda dark inside. Not deliverance or deer hunter dark, but "I need a night light" sorta dark.  I agree with the other yelper, this place is a nap-danger for adults.  Soup should be served sparingly inside to prevent table drownings.  It was rather nice inside though, I liked it.. just dark.  The booth was nice and squishy too, just the way i like em'.I had the 6 oz filet, and my dahlin' had the crab cakes.  Both were quite tasty, but my mashed 'taters were kinda sub par considering the price tag. (why are masheds so ignored?? WHY??)  Granted we orderd off the date menu, a fixed price bastard that let us choose 1 app, 2 salads, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert to share.  I'd bore the crap outta you if I went into details about every course, but they were all good in a passable kinda way.  I'm writing this review aren't I?Irony upon irony, the desserts you could pick from on said "date" menu, even though ALL desserts are listed at the same price, did not include the white chocolate cheese cake.  Black flagged again.  I even tried to substitute and the staunchly refused.  I will get even with them I swear.Synopsis (sp?)not bad, but once again AZ has introduced me to another restaurant that I don't want to frequnent often if I don't have too.  I really wanted to love WCG, but I think I'll stick with TGIF's.
When I donated my kidney a few months ago, Wendy from Petite Maison brought me 6 pints of soup. At the time, I had never met her, the chef or eaten there. How cool is that? After being on painkillers for several days, I was severely constipated. It happens. The lentil soup she brought over did the *ahem* trick, though!I finally got to go there last weekend for their late night Staff Meal, which was dessert-themed. My friend Leslie made all the desserts. The service was great, except for having to ask for water twice. There weren't many people there, but it was also after hours, so I'll forgive it because it was such a cute place!It feels like a ski lodge inside. There is wood everywhere! Cute chandeliers over the tables, too. Oh, and the bathroom was nice. Not too fancy, but nicer than most places.I will definitely come back here for a regular meal, but I wanted to get the word out about this place.Good people, who care about others in the community. Great atmosphere and for being in Old Town, douchebag-free.
The world has finally presented me with an easy choice.  After years of wandering through life, decisions half-made or made wholly wrong, a simple and easy direction has shown itself to me: I have to move to Ecuador.Quite honestly, if the food here is representative of the native regional cuisine, I'm just going to buy a ticket, pack my cat, and head down there.  Feel free to pick over my belongings.Almost completely hidden from view, this tiny hole in the wall of a restaurant sits, waiting for those looking to find it.  The decor is bright and charming; inviting without feeling like it's trying to be ethnic.  The tables are comfortable and huge.  I had actually thought they were a bit over sized when we first sat down but, well, then food started to arrive.We were started with the obligatory chips and salsa.  And while they may not have been much to look at, these slightly greasy chips and sweetly spicy salsa are very tasty.  This little appetizer was soon followed by a plate of empanadas and a sampler of their tamales.  Now, I love tamales, so I was probably looking forward to this most of all.  These three (a Mexican red, a green, and an Ecuadorian) were not only beautifully crafted and presented, but they were some of the best quality I'd ever eaten.  If it's your first time here and you like tamales, don't pass that sampler up.  The red might not have been the most stunning, but the green is the perfect blend of cheese, pepper, and corn.  The Ecuadorian tamale was just unlike any tamale I've tried before.  Wrapped in a banana leaf, there was just more filling to it than I'd ever seen in your standard tamale.The main dishes followed in good time.  Again, the presentation on this food is just stunning.  If I had ever dreamed about being a food photographer, I'd probably start my portfolio here.  The brisket I had ordered was covered in what I can only term as a "salsa" of peppers and various other vegetables.  Combined with the meat that was tender enough to cut with a fork and the avocado slices, it was just a sublime meal.  A combination of flavors that I had honestly never experienced before.I've had (I think) real Mexican, Spanish, and a variety of other types of food.  The cuisine here is distinctly in it's own category.  I think that's what draws me back to it most: a delightfully inviting, yet wholly unknown, palate to explore.
What a grimy little corner of Mill. I was with a dinner party of graduates and we were dressed formally...whoever chose to come here after Rula Bula must not have anticipated the constant stream of questioners grunting, "hey, why you dressed like that? wedding?"The topper was being offered a shot by a group of 18-year-old boys to help them out. Sorry, I'll stay here with my husband and soberly contemplate the awful logo and--what's that there?--a pole with exposed nails fallen off from a wooden bench. If you dare come here, be sure your tetanus is up to date.
Let me preface this by saying the Pizza and service are spectacular, five stars for those!  Why am I writing this and only giving one star? For stupidity!If the manager gave us a reasonable explanation then you wouldn't see this.My mother ordered two shots of vodka on the rocks.  She requested two olives in it... Not an unreasonable request.  The bartender came over to the table and said "we don't have whole olives, will sliced be ok?"  Huh? A bar without whole olives? Perhaps they ran out?  Ok sure my mother said she would try sliced.Presentation of the drink sucked...it came in a pint glass with the ice way above the vodka, no stir stick, and the olives? Were in a rocks glass, they weren't even queen olives, they were small sliced olives like you get on a pizza.  But I am not writing about the presentation of the drink.We got the bill for our drinks, 2-16 inch pizzas, a 12 inch pizza a Pazookie and...here it comes 2 olives!  No shit! They charged us for condiments!  We had to ask why, as we have never been charged for having a lime in a beer, or 5 cherries in my daughters Shirley Temples, or olives anywhere in the world! The bartender never mentioned and extra charge for sliced olives. $0.39 each!Now $6 a shot for vodka not unreasonable, even for rail! I am not upset about the $12 drink. The slap in the face is the charge for olives, that were not even whole!  So the manager (Carrie?) comes over and gives us some BS story that other places have figured the cost of the olives into their drink prices so that is why we have never ever seen this before anywhere in the world.  Hmmmm, how do those places know how many olives we are going to ask for? Or limes, or oranges or cherries.  You know I used three squirts of soap and three squares of hand towels when I used their restroom did I go over my limit on those? Think I should go back and have them add it to the bill? I am only writing this because I was not satisfied with the reason given to me by the manager.  My mother ordered a $12 rail drink (not call) and had to pay for condiments. STUPID!Dear Mark Russell,You have awesome people, great food, and service, however you need not charge for olives in drinks... Kind of stupid. Right?
Ok, now that you are reading based on the one star.... Went for a dinner for four on a Saturday night, and...The female bartender who is always there has no personality and is about as customer service oriented as an old shoe.Our waiter: took the males dinner order before the females, served salad and had to be asked what happened to our appetizer, and he clearly forgot.  The story goes on with forgot drink orders, and the delivery of desert to those of us having the prix fix menu, and the rest had to ask for a menu, and again he was surprised.  So he said "dessert    Is on me".  You guessed it, desserts were charge on the bill, as was a salad price doubled .  This was the second try with the same results in 2011.  So YES it is a land mark, and YES it is red walls and old school cool, but.... Food is OK, and service keeps disappointing ..... For the price, I will go elsewhere.
3-Stars only for FnB???  Relax..  This is just a courtesy heads-up for the fellow Yelpers.  I don't think another review is needed for FnB.  And plus, I didn't eat there.I'm a big fan of saddling up to the bar for a drink at restaurants.  I was walking around old town the other night and walked by FnB, glanced in, and decided to do just that.  Oops.  So you know, what you see in there that looks like a bar to sit at is not a bar to sit at.  Instead of drinks being made behind what was the bar before FnB, is now where all the cooking takes place, so there is no "bar" to casually sit at.  Just letting you know that the spots at the bar are reserved seating.I only give it 3 stars because I didn't eat, so I can't judge the food.  However, the food looked awesome.When I walked in and told the guy at the door I was just going to "grab a seat at the bar for a drink", he explained to me that it was all seating and they were booked full.  I initially thought he was joking, but then that's when I realized that isn't a bar, it's seating around the kitchen.  I mean, you're literally 4 feet away from the gals (and one guy), cooking.  I looked and said, "oh.......".  And just stared at this little space.  He was cool though, he said, "hey, how long you gonna be?"  I said, "seriously, about 20 minutes".  He got me a seat at the "bar" where I had a glass of wine, watched the food being made and served and got a general feel for the place.  Just know that you can't step in for a quick drink.  But I appreciate him being accommodating.I plan on going back and trying the food.
My husband and I were pretty underwhelmed with our experience at Lola on Saturday night (note: do not go on the night of the APS light parade...it makes getting to Lola near impossible). We really really wanted to like it, but the whole experience just came up flat for us.The intimacy and decor of Lola is great; it's not big enough where it will get very loud and the whole long tables to allow for community dining is nice. The color palatte was soothing and did not distract from the main focus which is the food. We were with a group of nine that evening, and from our perspective (not sure how our fellow diners felt), I thought service was spotty. Sometimes we would have to ask three times for something and it wasn't very crowded most of the time we were there. It was just like the waitress forgot. Apparently before we arrived, our group had ordered the olives which never materalized at the table; luckily we were not charged for them. Also, I really don't appreciate when waiters and waitresses cop a small attitude when you order a soda and not an alcoholic beverage. I know it's crazy, but even I don't want beer or wine with every meal!I thought the food was the most disappointing part of the whole evening. The menu is pretty small, which surprises me for a tapas restaurant. Isn't the whole idea variety? Also, some of the dishes were good to share among four people, and others we had to really ration out the portions so that everyone who wanted a bite could have one. We also had to order four plates of the special since it was so popular with our table and to ensure everyone got at least one whole piece. I liked the tortilla espanola, but the one at Sol y Sombra is much better (and larger!). The special was also very good, but seriously how can  you go wrong with toasted baguette, goat cheese and onions? My husband tried the gambas (he likes the shrimp dish at Caffe Boa better), the steak and the pork and he said they were nothing special and were very unmemorable. My last complaint about the food is that there was no chicken dish at all on the menu!!! I'll admit I can be kinda of a picky eater, but even my husband commented on the lack of a chicken option for non-red meat or seafood eaters.My husband and I decided that we enjoy Sol y Sombra much more and do not see ourselves making a special trip back to Lola in the near future.
Two words:  Bacon.  Waffle.That's all you need to know, honestly.  Just do it.  Right freaking now.  Unless it's after 3pm, in which case you are SOL.  But all the true breakfast places are only open in the am, or 24 hours in my opinion, so that's a good sign...
Kangaroo!  You heard me.  Last night I tried a Kangaroo burger at Stax.  Um, 5 stars for that alone.  This place is awesome.  I am so glad I finally tired it.  The whole concept is great.  The smell is intoxicating, even in the parking lot.  It's like hamburger utopia.   You mix and match different types of mini burgers, usually two is enough if you order sides.  The exotic meat section blew me away and I just had to try the Kangaroo burger.  I believe the selection changes frequently.  I also got the turkey burger, which I really enjoyed.  The patty had spices and bell pepper mixed in and the pineapple made it extra yummy with a touch of sweetness.  I tried a bite of my dinning partner's buffalo and that was pretty tasty.  The bread on these little guys is top notch too and grilled to be slightly crispy around the edges. The mini burgers were hefty.  Honestly, they really weren't that mini, I only got through one and a half.  There were some other big hits with me.  The sweet potato fries rocked.  YOU MUST GET THEM.  Okay, so Fez still has the best, but these are my second favorite.  I also love the cucumber water, so much better than lemon.  I hate that sour crap in my water, but the cucumber is so refreshing.  The only thing I didn't care for was the Mac n' Jack.  It wasn't bad, just not my style.  Too spicy and not creamy enough for me, it wasn't worth the calories.  The service was great too, my waitress was extremely sweet and helpful since this was my first visit.  I can't wait to go back. The decor/atmosphere rocked, the food rocked, the selection rocked, and of course- I rock.
Given that I went to the Downtown Phoenix Public Market without any caffeination whatsoever, I was in a pretty gnarled state by the end of my tomato buying excursion. I wanted to sit and cool down somewhere and have some coffee. I immediately thought of all my regular coffee joints, but since I was already in this neck of the woods, I thought I'd check to see if Fair Trade was open.Now, it's not the first time I've attempted to go to Fair Trade. I've tried several times before on weekends, and they've always been closed. And I'd forget their hours and then try again and...still closed.But today? Open! So for all you people, at least at noon on Saturdays, this joint's doors are unlocked. I walked in and surveyed the scene. I definitely got a Berkeley earth mother vibe, which I didn't really expect to get in downtown Phoenix, but this town never ceases to surprise me one way or the other. I can't remember all the stuff they had to offer for sale besides their coffee products, but I do remember it appealing much to yogacentric ladies (not that there's anything wrong with that).Ok, survey over, I still needed caffeine. I looked at their menu. The sizes for their coffee drinks: large, grande, venti. Are you kidding me? Why would a coffeehouse, called Fair Trade Cafe of all things, choose to label its cup sizes after Starbucks?  Beats me."I'd like a small hot coffee and a large iced chai. And I want the chai with soy, if you can make it.""Sure, no prob."Now I know it sounds bizzarre to you, but I needed the hot coffee to wake me up (iced coffee does nothing). But then I wanted something to cool me down. Plus I saw people drinking iced chai at the farmers market and it looked good. And I never drink chai at coffeehouses, hot or iced, so I thought why not today?I then sat down with my two drinks on the couch and read the NY Times. In a relaxed state. And tasted my drinks.I'd say the coffee was good, but the iced soy chai was excellent. I kept switching back between sips of each. I guess I'm weird. Or maybe I was just hot from walking around in 100 degrees for an hour. Who knows.I sat there for a while reading, and I noticed out of 9 patrons there I was the only guy in the entire joint, so maybe it is an earth mother establishment after all. No Sarah Maclachlan on the soundsystem, though. Actually, no music at all. I know that there's no rule governing coffeehouses and whether they should have music (either live or on the stereo) on at all times, but it did seem a little silent, apart from the quiet chattering at the other tables.I'd say all in all Fair Trade is a good place in a great location and uses best practices to obtain quality coffee (including Pura Vida Coffee and Just Coffee, which comes from a co-op of 50 families in Chiapas, Mexico), but man, if they were only open throughout the weekends and into the evenings, downtown would definitely benefit. I'm not sure if the adjacent Trinity Episcopal Cathedral actually owns the cafe or not, but I didn't get any religious vibe from the joint while I was there.So, 3 stars for now. Maybe I'll bump up the star wattage in the future. Whenever I find them open again, that is.
Even though they don't serve Sake, they do a great job as a bring your own place. The location is small, so if you have a large group you might have to wait a little while to be seated. It's definitely worth it though. As I look at the reviews of other Yelpers, I can't help but think that they're just ordering the wrong things. I mean, good sushi is about good fish. It really kind of bothers me when people say "I love sushi" and then either pick the fish off the roll, order something without fish entirely, or order something that's going to be drenched in some American sauce. The waiters have always been really knowledgeable and educated about the flavor profiles of their fish and are usually really good about letting you know what is going to be best that day and what is the freshest. I have yet to find a sushi place in Phoenix that has fish as good as theirs, it's not the best, but it's the best I've had in the valley. And, I don't know what Jenn H. (review below) ordered to get something covered in mayo? We always get a variety of different things and I have yet to have anything with any weird sauce on it.  I mean, I've probably been there 5 or 6 times, and I can't remember any sauce on anything. When my dad and stepmom came to visit from L.A., they liked this place so much that they actually wanted to go two nights in a row.
Delicious. I try not to use that word lightly, but it definitely applies to the food in this place. The seasoning of the meat, the taste and texture of the beans and the rice, the kick of the salsas - everything is the way it should be. The staff is very friendly and the list of offerings is in plain sight, on a chalkboard menu above the counter area. Prices are great! The place is clean and has a very relaxed atmosphere (and the Food Network on the flatscreen at the bar during lunchtime ... very sneaky way of encouraging a big appetite). Nice bar area, and even an outdoor al fresco dining area where you have a view of the Phoenix Mountains. Lots of things to like about this place!
The food wasn't impressive persay. The portion of the meat was much more substantial than Subway but eh, not worth the extra money.It's like a glorified Subway. Seriously. I mean, there are more options and more to look at, but the value isn't worth it in my books.
For a long time I have not gone to KFC and on this night I felt I needed it... I also had to try the Double Down sandwich.... I was greeted with a very friendly staff with prompt fast service. I ordered the Double Down with an order of Coleslaw, Mash Potatoes with gravy and one drum stick... I rate the food as followed.Double Down Sandwich - DColeslaw - B+Mash Potatoes with gravy - B+Drum Stick - BI have always enjoyed some KFC every once in awhile... I was glad I had made this stop I forgot how much I like the Coleslaw and Mash Potatoes with gravy great stuff... I will be back again someday for sure.
If I have to choose a bar on Mill Ave. to goto, I goto Rula Bula. They've got a good selection of beer, food, and plenty of space to chill. I can look past the $2 weekend cover, because I guess compaired to some of the 10-25 dollar covers I've experienced while living in AZ, this ain't so bad.  Sometimes (forgot which days) they have nice live music here. There's a couple that comes in and one of them plays the fiddle really well (They have other non-irish performers as well). I still say they should get somekind of Irish/Celtic jukebox that continiously plays Irish drinking songs or something. I mean, it would be a big improvement on the random mix of hip-hop/techno they do play (when their radio is actually working). I guess asking for more Irish music in an "Irish pub" is pretty silly of me.
went here  today for the lunch buffet with Rand H. and it was amazing!!!! This place is going to my top ten list. I started with a bowl of corn chowder that was very good and then I had  a plate containing green beans with chopped bacon and onions,scalloped potatoes,BBQ pork spareribs and some pickled beets.All were just great.I went back and  got more ribs and the green beans they were awesome.then it was on to the desserts witch are lots to choose from and they are real good. I had this piece of carrot cake that had a solid pineapple top layer on it.Best carrot cake i ever had.i also had this pecan pie square but made with macadamia nuts yummm. They also had apple crumble with real whipped cream that was pretty good.  My lunch was so good this place is going to my top ten list. yum yum yum yum yum yummmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was traveling in the Phoenix market this week, and as a matter of survival I needed to partake in sustenance somewhere.  I fled to my fellow Yelpers for advice, and noca appeared at or near the top of the list each time.My co-worker and I had an altogether nice dining experience at noca.  For a starter, I had the cauliflower soup (due to Sabrina S.'s recommendation and the fact that cauliflower is the sophisticates' broccoli - or so I've heard).  It was very pleasing to the palate and was all the cauliflower I needed for the eve.  I got my fix.  My partner in crime had the house special for the evening - some cheese that started with a 'B' and as described "had the consistency of mozzarella" - with some cheese curds, elephant garlic, and served atop an arugula pesto.  He was 'just ok' about it, but said it was not as good as the server led on.  I believe she called it "indescribably awesome".  It, apparently, failed to meet indescribable, but was still alright.For entrees:  I enjoy a nice red meat, ummm... well, at every meal really.  Cows were domesticated for a reason - for me to eat them.  I ordered the Steak Frites and the steak was cooked to the temperature I prefer (Rare Plus) and to perfection.  *yum*  My compadre ordered the halibut, and this time quite enjoyed his meal.We thought the cotton candy (complimentary) as a palate cleanser between entree and dessert was cute.  We didn't eat any, but it's definitely a dining first for me.  So, kudos to them for that.  We also did not need to order dessert as appy + entree was more than enough.I'm a fan - although everyone keeps talking about their egg dishes... I saw no such thing on a Thursday night.  Perhaps, I shall next time I'm out in this market.The restaurant only gets a '4' instead of a '5' because of the service.  Other tables with different servers seemed pleased and more engaged.  I think we just happened to get the airhead of the bunch.  Oh well, the food made up for her.  But, it does drop them from a '5'. (I'm mean like that, I suppose - but if a '5' is truly perfection... then everything should be perfect).
I lost all interest in going here after a big cockroach crawled across our table a little before the nachos were delivered. And yes, we still ate after seeing that. I left traumatized.
Shame on Zipps for opposing a new Z Tejas at Bethany Home and 16th St,  Afraid of a little competition.
Let me just say, in general I love Subway, always have. Used to work at one as a matter of fact, during my college days back in Austin - the one on the corner of 29th and Guadalupe next to Toy Joy, the best Subway EVER. The problem with Subway is the lack of consistency from store to store. The good ones can be really, really good - super fresh veggies, generous helpings, clean inside...  and the bad ones can be just as bad. Well, this one - the one in the Fry's shopping center on the southeast corner of Ray and Rural, is somewhere in the middle. Can't really rave or complain about any of those things.What did bug me about this particular location were a couple of the employees who insisted on giving me a hard time for not eating meat - especially when I ordered the veggie patty. They made faces when pulling it out of the wrapper, ask me what was in it, get grossed out when I told 'em... and then pretty much challenge my quasi-vegetarian views, which wasn't really why I was there, you know? I just wanted my damn sandwich, no questions asked. Now, that being said, I do have to give them credit for even having the veggie patty on their menu in the first place, as not all Subways across the valley are considerate enough to do so...
After spending the day with my friend Austin, we were starving and came here for lunch.  I've never been here before, and or my first time, I have to say it was pretty darn good.Upon entering, there's two Julios....we went to the smaller one that seems to be more of a fast casual type setting....self serve nachos, fountian pop, and you place your order at the counter.  The other julios is more of a sit down resturant with servers...we wanted a more casual dining experience, so we kept it to Julio toos.I went with the Burro enchilada with shredded beef, rice and refried beans.  Prices here were awesome, and I got a ton of food.  Austin went with the mini chimi's, and I tried a few and they were tasty!!!  yummy.I have enough leftovers for dinner, and was quite full after finishing my meal here at lunch time.   Place is small, well decorated, has an outdoor patio and a wide variety of menu items to choose from.  Will be back in the future for more.
I hit this place up in hour 2 of my 5 hour wait for my flight and ordered the quesadilla.  Came with nacho chips, salsa, guac, and sour cream.  Everything was GOOD.  My final bill was under 10 bucks (I didn't get a beer or anything) and I left very satisfied.Perhaps my favorite part of the establishment was the staff.  The bartender was very nice and outgoing.  We talked sports and stuff.  He's probably used to making small talk with all sorts of weary travelers.  Anyways, it was appreciated.
I have yet to step foot in this place, however I don't need to in order to rate it. A friend of mine said, "I am coming up from Tucson and Rudy's is on the way to your house I am bringing breakfast." OK, well I'm game for anything. He brought the breakfast tacos. First its more like a breakfast burrito its big for a taco. Secondly, it was utterly amazing. Apparently they take the left over brisket and trimmings from the night before, marinate it in BBQ sauce and BAM that's the breakfast taco ingredients. I have been craving another one ever since Friday morning when I had mine.I cannot wait to go try Rudy's for dinner. I have tried Bobby Q's, Famous Daves, Dickey's, and Brian's up in Cave Creek, this was BY FAR the best I have had in the valley!! Highly recommended!
A solid 3.5 stars (I'm Korean and was raised in L.A.,  so my standards are pretty high).  Like Mexican and Chinese food, good Korean food is another thing that is hard to come by in the Valley (near Tempe).  The only places that I think are even worth mentioning are: Chodang, Hodori, and Takamatsu.  All three have their pros and cons. I go to Chodang for their great banchan (side dishes). Always fresh and very tasty.  Their atmosphere is also the best of the three.  Other than those factors I think all three pretty much rank the same in terms of the quality and taste of their food.  Oh, except one more thing, Takamatsu has the best gopchang jigae (intestine hotpot) compared to Hodori's (Chodang does not offer it on their menu), and Chodang has the most limited menu compared to the three.
I was here recently with a few of my friends. Beware: It can be difficult to find this place, as it's a bit hidden away from the main street. Fortunately, one of my friends knew exactly where he was going.This place is a tiny store with no indoor seating. You go in, there's a menu and a glass case full of their (changed daily!) food selection, and you order and pay right there. Water is in a dispenser in the front, and they have glasses for you to serve yourself. At the end of your meal, you just quickly bus your own plates.In terms of service, the ladies working here are great! They're friendly, helpful, conversational, and very generous with the samples. Any questions, feel free to ask them and be enlightened!For food, most of my friends got wraps (custom and the wrap of the day), whereas I had just eaten, so I settled for a small hummus plate with pita bread. Despite being a small, I still got what I thought was a big serving for a very good price (around $5). Extremely good, and I liked their selection of hummus!In general, if you're in the Tempe area and are craving some healthy vegan food, make the effort to find Desert Roots. I definitely want to make a return trip already.
Wow, I can't believe I haven't written a review for Santisi Brothers yet. We've been going to this sports bar for yeeeeeeeears. Not so much for watching sports, but the food is great. My husband loves wings and his favorite are from this joint. He'd marry them if he wasn't already married to me. Unless you come at an off time, it is ALWAYS busy. Service can sometimes be slow, but you can easily keep yourself entertained with the gazillions of TVs or Buzztime games (the trivia ones are my favorite). Once, our server forgot to bring the gamebox my husband requested, so he gave her a B+ on the receipt. She's remembered us each time she's served us since then, and brings the box without us asking. Hahahah.Along with the wings, most everything on the menu that we've tried has been tasty. The pizza is good, as well as the anitpasto salad, chicken caesar salad, minestrone soup and garlic knots! If you're in the mood for BBQ, you MUST have something with Giovanni's sauce - perfectly tangy sweet with a spicy kick. Ribs are my favorite, but it's also awesome on grilled chicken breast or on wings. Beer prices are decent and they have cider on tap - delicioso! There is a room with pool tables and darts, although I've hardly ever sat in that area, plus patio seating out front. Sometimes it's kinda cold inside, but maybe I've just been sitting directly under a vent or something. Regardless, definitely recommend Santisi Brothers!
This is the hole-in-the-wall Mexican against which I judge all others.  This is a frequent lunch spot for me, for $.99 street tacos, gorditas, burritos and the occasional torta (not as good as Tortas El Guero, but good).  Mmm...mole.  Theirs is excellent (chicken, shredded beef, and cheese are the choices for enchiladas).  Forget the tostada, order a sope, with the thick masa "tortilla", topped with chicken or pork al pastor.  If you get a street taco, I highly recommend the beef cabeza - it melts in your mouth like short ribs.  And it's dirt cheap.  We had dinner there tonight, ordered a Pacifico, shredded beef mole enchiladas, a sope, three street tacos and some chips and salsa to go and were $18 lighter (before tip).  No fancy tequilas or margaritas, just great food.
Stopped here for a beer Sunday evening, and while this place has an impressive list of interesting beers, I couldn't get past how depressed or hungover the staff seemed.  Maybe their questionable decision-making was leading to their lack of any interest in what was going on.  Who knows, chalk it up to a case of the Sunday nights.  I'll go back.  I hope everyone is in a better mood.
I'm a sucker for Chicago food from back home but out here in the valley, and Higley Hot Dog has been there for a while providing authentic Vienna Beef Hot Dogs since I went to ASU east campus.Very home town feel, the older couple that owns/runs it are always very nice and happy and having a good time.  And the lunch line there gets long and out the door cause it's so good :)Notes:  Not open on Sundays... and CASH only!The MAP on yelp is/was wrong... here's the correct business profile link on Google Maps - http://is.gd/fn6UThey have some good press already as well:http://www.eastvalleytribune.com/story/123004http://www.insiderpages.com/b/3657327340
I actually really like this place. The portions are not small compared to the price and size of gelato spot. For 1.85 you gt the same amount that you would at g spot for 3.80. I had them dig out the base that they use for the fro yo. Surprisingly it is not that scary , natural for the most part the only thing I saw that was bad was corn sweetener. They ones with name brand candy bars in them have trans fat because the candy bars do. I would be weary of the peanut butter one too because most peanut butter contains partially hydrogenated oils. Almost all the toppings have it too. Thats why I prefer Sweet Republic as all there toppings are homemade. But if you want cheap ? I like the mango rasberry twist.
Wife and I had the Omikase and wine pairing.  Our bill was a whopping $500.  We sat at the counter and enjoyed our visit with Nobu.  Pros - the food was very good (except for a ho hum dessert which was extra I believe) and presentation was beautiful.  The wine and sake pairing was excellent and very generously poured.Cons -  the portions are small, tiny, minuscule.  Even after three hours of eating, still hungry.  Quality usually trumps quantity but this was ridiculous.  My wife does not like raw fish so she asked for the cooked omikase - this turned out to be just my dishes omitting the raw fish.  She got even less food and ended up being hungry and grumpy.Overall, the place is over hyped.  That's a lot of money to pay to sit at a counter and eat not a lot  (albeit mostly tasty) food.  Definitely a foodie "I must follow the herd" place.
Not the best Mexican food I've ever had, but pretty damn close. DEFINITELY the best decor of ANY Mexican place I've ever eaten at, and that's a lot of places. Minus one star as our waiter was on the slow side and not very attentive, especially considering it was not that busy. Great spot...I will return.
We stopped by Caminero Mexican Restaurant the other day for breakfast.  We wanted a change to the "norm" breakfast routine and we found it at Caminero.  They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner and offer dine it and take out.  They are small and a "dive-ish" type of place but serve good food.  I had their huevos con chorizo plate served with re-fried beans, rice and a flour/corn tortilla.  It was a huge plate full of Mexican goodness all for $5.99.  We also had their Mexican omelet which is made using three eggs, green chili's and your choice of meat smothered in their green sauce and cheese.  It too was a lot of food and tasty.They are some what of a "fast food" place but with very good service and they use real plates for their customer's when dinning in, so don't let the "dive-ish" ambiance deter you from trying them.  You won't be disappointed. I'm looking forward to going back very soon for lunch/dinner.  Hope to see you there.
This was my choice for lunch to go last Wednesday.  I have been in this location at least a dozen times.  It always seems to be pretty busy (and noisy).  Today I chose the Sweet Fire chicken and the Honey Walnut shrimp, both items are not on their standard menu.  As usual I got the chow mein with mine, it is easier to eat with chop sticks than rice.  The food and service were fine and I was definitely full when finished.
Hmmmmm, interesting...Evolution and growth?It seems apropos that I was to meet up with fellow Yelpers Lauren V. and Mr. K (aka Omar K.) for a couple drinks on a late Friday afternoon.  This was my first trip back to PHX in roughly three years and was doing a bizarre "visit old friends/places and see new friends/places" kind of trip.  So, with that in mind, Lauren V. and I had been discussing various HH spots and places we liked which the original Postino's was mentioned as a place we both love.  I wasn't sure if I wanted to continue with revisiting the past or do something new...so after much hemming and hawing on my part she made an executive decision to meet up at the new location.  Her choice was perfect in so many ways.Shortly before HH, I looked at the map provided in the B'berry Yelp App and asked my friend Lindra F. If this was near Katz Deli....a sad look was returned and it was explained this IS where Katz Deli was...maaaan, really?  An old Phoenix institution gone?  For a wine bar?  Shit...I was bummed and had a chip on my shoulder coming in...which by the end of the night...dissolved.The remodeled space is a throw back to the Palm Spring-ish modernism of chunky stone and floor to ceiling large pane windows.  Flat lines and clean angles characterize the place but there are enough accents to make the whole place feel seriously intimate.  Basically, the feel is ultra-cool lounge of the late-50's and early 60's.  I like this.  I don't like this everywhere...but I like this here.  It's something of an homage to older Phoenix, and to me, the idea that it replaced Katz (which was born in that era) shows a huge sign of respect and knowledge of the underlying culture of an area.  The quality of the space is top notch as is their understanding of sense of place.Lastly, on the topic of design, the outside patio and the bar servicing it offer great Western views for sunsets.  However, those inside are not robbed of any views either.   The layout offers those with both the same view the patio has (over the bar) and stunning Eastern views as well (saw a great lightning storm on my visit).The wines-well...fantastic of course.  Living now in San Francisco I can say that Postino's can enter into any upper echelon of San Francisco wine bars.  The servers know their stuff and the beers are great too....Anchor Steam Celebration Ale on tap every Winter makes me ridiculously happy and impressed.The grub...just like the original..fantastic.  You can rarely go wrong with anything on the menu.Postino's offers the prime place to have some quality wine and grub while chatting it up with new or old friends.  If I lived nearby I'd be here at least once a week....which leads me to the dissolving of that aforementioned chip on my shoulder.  I was getting tired of the pervasive thought in the Valley of just demolishing the past and throwing something new in its place for the sake of something new.  I was very worried about that here...especially in almost hallowed ground of Katz Deli.  However, what I came to find is a well planned slow growth of a high quality establishment who designed the space as an homage to the past but showed a enticing view of some of Phoenix's future.Thanks to Lauren V. for the rec...you were spot on.
Crazy Otto's thank you for being my 100th review!!I would also like to thank my wife and family and all the little people (you know who you are)  that made all this possible.  So many sacrifices always putting family and friends before Yelp reviews, but now I have hit the big time!  Thank you so much.  Mom this one's for you!Crazy Otto's: very cool place.  This is not a light eating foo-foo euro fusion breakfast bistro, this is the real deal.   I would have to say Otto's has the biggest breakfasts I have ever had.  I had the half order cheddar and bacon omelet (3 eggs) and skipped on the regular order (6 eggs!) omelet.  It was so good, so greasy, yet so good.  Hey you have to die of something in life right, why not go out with a Crazy Otto Omelet and delicious crispy hash browns?They filled our coffee like 5 times w/o us even asking (and it was very busy), the bathrooms were very very clean, and the service was quite friendly.  I saw someone order the pancakes, they were the size of automobile tires, well half that size but I have never seen pancakes that looked so good and so big!Great little breakfast find and reasonable too.  Highly recommended!  I need a nap now.
I'm a transplanted Texas girl from Austin. I was craving a taste of home and saw reviews for this place. The atmosphere is great, the waitress was amusingly surly. Sadly the food was terrible. I don't understand actually having a disclaimer on your menu that you don't season your meat?! However that would explain the ridiculous amount of condiments at the table. I ordered the chicken fried steak and was saaaaaadddly disappointed. It is NOT authentic to not season this dish. It literally tasted like a cube steak dipped in a flour/water paste then deep fried. No self-respecting Texan would do this, and you certainly wouldn't add pepporcini pepper sauce or Cholula sauce to a real CFS!  The meat was not the only thing unseasoned, the chicken tenders, potatoes, biscuits and pretty much everything else was tasteless and so bad I couldn't eat it and I LOOOOVE anything fried, so this is pretty bad. We actually felt kind of bad for them when they saw how much food was on the table and we didn't want a take home box.   I advise they add salt & pepper at the least.
The best thing about this place is the bartender, Mark.The next best thing is the appetizer type food. especially the potato "chips" with feta cheese and hot sauce and the bacon wrapped scallops. Check the website for 1/2 off food times, otherwise it's a little pricey.
I blab back & forth with Yelp friends every day, & never has any restaurant gotten as many personal recommendations to me as this one!  Every couple of days, someone will say, "Have you ever tried Z's Greek?"  Well, I don't usually have business over in this part of town, but my curiosity finally got the best of me & I whipped in here today for lunch.This is a simple, comfortable place.  It holds about 40 people, plus more seating on a covered patio out front.   There were 2 TVs (always a minus to me), but they were turned down & pleasant Greek music played at reasonable volume.  I ordered a Lamb Souvlaki Combo, & I chose a Greek Salad for my side, & serve-yourself Lemonade.  The service was friendly, & the salad was fully medium size, made with lettuce, tomato, bell pepper squares, Greek dressing, LOTS of crumbled cheese on top, & finished off with a Greek olive.  Nice!  My Souvlaki could have used a bit more lamb, but it was delicious & this was a very nice lunch!     :-))Lamb Souvlaki Combo $7.95 including beverage.
This is as good as it gets for the Phoenix Valley, Brings authentic feel, with its service, design and especially food. Treat your self to Chinese food they way it should be prepared.  Menu is very large and has authentic dishes so bring a friend with knowledge.By service I mean you feel like your at a Chinese restaurant the staff is not there to make you feel like fine dinning. I mean they don't speak a lot of English and are fast to serve but fast to vanish.  Sat and Sunday treat your self to dim sum. This is "a touch of heart" eating a very traditional Chinese style eating.  Dishes are brought out in small quantities of delight.
I could literally spend an entire day at this 99cents only store. It's clean. They play awesome music. They have pretty much everything and anything your heart desires. Even produce. Yes, I said produce!!Seriously, I have been to dollar stores a million times, even other 99 cents only, and I really think this is the best dollar store I have ever been to!!Party supplies, health and beauty items, spices, dry food, frozen food, produce, house cleaners, plates, cups, candles, books, pool toys, candy, cooking instruments, Tupperware, bottled water, diet pills, q-tips, painting supplies, school supplies, batteries... the list goes on and on, and nothing is more than 99 cents.I would highly recommend hitting the 99 cents only store up prior to Walmart or the grocery store because you can save yourself a ton of loot, and honestly, the products are the same quality because they come from overstock and are actually the same products (most of the time). I know the idea of produce from the dollar store sounds crazy, but its been really good and fresh!!It's also a cheap way to waste away an afternoon with free A/C!!
Visiting my mom in Chandler, I had a hankering for teriyaki. My mom said Mikado had a great lunch special, so we went.If your idea of "special" is warm spicy tuna rolls and chicken that tastes like someone made it in a toaster oven, then Mikado is pretty damn special.I like my teriyaki very saucy, very sweet and a bit charred. No such luck.I can't think of a single thing they did right.I suppose the price was OK: $7.95 for teriyaki, white rice, miso soup, a small salad and a four-piece spicy tuna.
I've driven by this Filibertos many many times, considering I live right around the corner.  I finally got around to stopping in.At first, it looks like a mexican sonic.  seriously.  they have a walk up window, a drive through, and some tables outside to eat at.  I checked out the menu, and decided that I wanted the breakfast burrito...the Macaba or something...I got mine with shredded beef.  Holy crap was this thing big!  HUGE!  It was only $4 after tax, and I was STUFFED.  Plus, they made it while I waited in my car, so it was fresh.I really liked it here.  I like thier menu and they have lots of options.  Prices are great, and I really feel like you get a lot of food for very reasonable prices.  No, this place is not fancy, and its basically drive through Mexican, but its tasty, and very filling.
Although a bit of a drive, The English Rose Tea Room was well worth it! This was the perfect place for my sister and I to spend a morning brunch on my birthday, yet I hear advanced reservations for any size party is a must, as they are constantly booked for special occassions. Service was excellent and this experience felt much more "authentic" than high tea at a resort. With its extremely pink and girly atmosphere, it's safe to say that you might wanna leave the guys at home :)The tea was exceptionally good. We got the "Paris" which was a black tea infused with caramel and blackcurrent, what they call a house favorite. The waitress kindly refilled our pot with hot water (they use loose leaves, so it can last up to 2 pots). I highly suggest the Tea for Two special. It comes with a 3-tiered rack of 3 types of tea sandwiches, scones, and various desserts. Most people next to us got salads, which looked equally yummy.In addition, they also have a chest full of numerous ornate hats to wear while enjoying your tea. This was too fun!
Now, I don't know much about this menu... I'll admit.  For all I know, their roast beef could taste like a butt.  That's very possible as I haven't ventured far outside of my comfort zone.Here's the thing:  I'm a creature of habit when it comes to certain places and I have no idea why.  Other places, every time I go there, I get something different.  This is one of those places where I order, more or less, the same goddamn thing I always get:  Their hotdogs.  The guy working there looks pissed when he's not taking your order.  He's got this handlebar mustache and kind of looks up and looks like he could beat the shit out of me.  Once you order, he instantly, WOOSH! becomes really nice.  It's like when he's not taking someone's order or doing something productive, he's angry.  I like his face.  Something about it.  Some people have a face you like or a face you hate.When I ordered the hotdogs, he asked if I wanted them with everything on it.  I think he said they were Chicago-style but I can't remember.  At this point he knows what I likes.  I took the dogs back to work, opened them up and dug in and MAN... holy shit.  I had never had a hotdog with cucumber before.  It's fucking BRILLIANT, man!  It cools you down and the spicy mustard heats you up.  Oldtown Deli is close to where I work, in a decent location in Scottsdale if you were around there or happen to be driving by.  Check it out and get the hotdogs, dude.  If you like hotdogs, you'll be happy.
This place was absolutely amazing. I was there alone on a sunday afternoon and I was treated like royalty. I orderd the Green Chile pulled pork sandwich and it was the best sandwich I have ever had. -The egg bun was the best part. My server Lexi was knowledgeable and fun, she even reccomended a great cocktail that was thouroughly enjoyed.
Everytime I visit my uncle in Apache Junction, we sample at least one of the Phoenix  Metro Area's finest epicurean adventures. On this visit, we selected Cowboy Ciao, based on the outstanding rating and reviews in Yelp. Yelpers, you didn't let us down! This is absolutely THE BEST place we've experienced on all of our sojourns, and we've been to some really good places! There's lots of good stuff to talk about, but the food was so out-of-this-world, let's focus on that. We started with the Mini Mushroom Pan Fry, a smaller version of their "signature dish". The ancho sauce was so incredible that we ordered a ciabatta, not because we really wanted bread, but it would have been criminal to leave even a drop of the sauce behind. Next we had a special appetizer, seared scallops with a shrimp bisque. The scallops were melt-in-your-mouth perfect and the bisque became the next target for the ciabatta, which itself was served with two absolutely delicious olive spreads. We couldn't imagine the dinner getting any better than what was already perfect, but our main courses delivered! We both had the duck breast, a new addition to the menu, replacing the Duck Duck Duck. The duck breast was prepared expertly, rare on the inside, with crisp skin, and bathed in another killer sauce, this time ancho-orange. All remaining scraps of ciabatta were used to wipe our plates clean. We washed all of this incredible food down with a bottle of 2002 K Vintners Syrah, a steal at $62. Their wine list is the largest I have ever seen, but our attentive waiter, Bryan, recommend the K Vintners, and we savored every drop. Bryan was very knowledgeable about the menu and deftly guided us through our completely over-the-top dining experience. Alas, there was no room for any of the many interesting and tasty-sounding desserts. Next time we'll have to plan ahead for those! And there will be a next time...and another...and another...
This place is not all the hype! Chicken was a little greasy. Sides were bland. Really the "eggo"-ish waffles were not great either. The grape kool-aid was all sugarfied! Tip: Go to Church's chicken and make your own waffle.
I don't even know where to begin...  We came in on Wednesday and really enjoyed our food and service.  We enjoyed it so much that we decided to return last night (Sunday).  It was clearly busier than it had been during the day, however, the experience was not what we had hoped for.  We checked in with the hostesses and were told the wait would be 15-35 minutes.  We decided to put our name on the list and grab a drink at the bar.  They don't have pagers so we wanted to stick near by in hopes a table would open up.  It took nearly 10 minutes for the bartenders to notice us at the end of the bar waiting to order a drink.  I will say, we all enjoyed our margaritas but the wait was a little much.  As we finished up our drinks, we realized we had been waiting for 45 minutes at this point.  Checked with the hostess stand and they said another 10-15 minutes.  Waiting.. waiting.. waiting.. another 25 minutes went by and then we were seated.  We were surprised because we noticed multiple vacant tables where we were seated and wondered why we had not been seated sooner, knowing we could have been in and out by this point.  We first thought, perhaps they were all reserved?  But we did not see anyone sit at any of these at any point.  We started off with the guacamole and then ordered our entrees.  Our server returned quite some time after we had ordered our entrees and let us know one of the items we had ordered had been 86'd for the night.  We wondered why it not only took him this long to let us know, but why our entree orders were being put in after so much time had elapsed at this point.. There were three people at our table and one persons order came out first.  The server was apologetic but she finished her entire meal before mine and the other persons came out.  The timing could not have been more off.  The food was not as great as the first time and neither was our experience.  Our server was kind but full of excuses.  Two of us at the table work in a restaurant and understand things happen and problems do occur.  However, we both felt it could have been handled much better.  We won't be rushing back here anytime soon, if at all.
Um, thanks yelpers for the LIES! So i woke up from a nap today and me and the little child growing inside of me NEEDED a burrito. I told the bf to get on yelp and Someburros showed up with tons of reviews and a good amount of stars.We arrive at Someburros and I see a good number of people inside so I'm thinking there's hope.. I've finally found a good mexican place in Arizona! But HAH! was I wrong.... let me break it down for you:-I ask the girl if she has what I've been craving.. a big carne asada burrito. You know, the kind you can get at all other normal mexican restaurants? She says "oh we don't have carne asada here, we only have shredded beef and ground beef". (UH wtf?)-we order a shredded beef burrito with some kind of sauce, then we ask what comes in it.. the girl says "just meat and sauce". We ask if we can put anything else in it and she says no. We look at the menu and all of their burritos have basically nothing in them!- We realize that their burritos are basically giant soft taquitos, so we order this deep fried chicken burrito thing that's on sale on Wednesdays because it looked like it had the most ingredients in it. -The chicken thing comes out, and for being "on sale" for 5 dollars, it was pretty small for the price.I left full, but unhappy. It's definitely better than that nasty Filibertos, but at least Filibertos has carne asada!! If anyone knows of a good place to get a burrito, PLEASE send me a message.
After a trip to the Market, I was roped into trying a short leash dog. I generally as a rule of thumb, refuse to eat hot dogs, but I decided to make an exception, because Sean S. said they were sooooo good. I decided to have a vegetarian dog with mango chutney, jalapeo, and mayo. It was pure heaven and served on a delicious piece of naan. Kudos to the creativity of the dog topping combinations. The combinations are named after the owners pets, dogs none the less - how cute is that? Delicious, filling, and unique. What more can I say? Stop by the Market on Wednesday night or Saturday morning and try one for yourself!
My wife has been raving about these burgers for a couple months now, a regular lunch destination for her and her friends.  We were out n about running errands today and she had the brilliant idea to stop here for a quick lunch.I ordered the bacon avacado burger (no cheese please) at her recommendation, she had the sourdough burger, and Vinnie (our roomate/adopted son) had the King Kong burger - no fries today.My burger was delicious!  Lot of tomato, lettuce and avacado, a nice juicy beef patty and a good bun, thoughtfully cut in half for easy eating.  I loved it, but could only eat half... good thing vinnie was there!Of course I had a bite of her burger and it was also delicious, in fact I will be ordering that next time!I didn't sample Vinnie's burger cuz that would be wierd... but lets just say the name does not lie!  2 beef patties, cheese, lettuce, tomato (Vinnie says "fuck that"), pickles, pastrami, topped off with a generous helping of bbq beef.  WOW... he finished it, then I offered him the other half of my avacado burger... which he reluctantly ate... well not that reluctantly.  Hehe... he said he could've eaten more but was satisfied.  I will be going back - gotta have the rest of the family try this... YUM!
Bordering on 3.5.  It's all you can eat sushi and seafood for $16.The sushi was bland and dry.  The crab legs and cocktail shrimp were the best things here. They also have fried crab, fried shrimp, scallop on the shell, cooked salmon/white fish, bbq pork, short ribs, roasted duck, sausage, Korean bbq ribs, teriyaki chicken and grilled octopus.For dessert, they had 6 different flavors of ice cream, chocolate cake, strawberry cake, flan, angel cake and cookies -- all mediocre. This place is fine for the price and selection, but I doubt you're coming here for quality.  Next time, spandex pants.
TBC has become a bit of a Scottsdale landmark over the past few years...I use it as a navigation landmark when I have people meeting me in town."Go north on Scottsdale Road and if you see 75 hung over people dressed in Affliction tee shirts and sequined mini-dresses, standing on a street corner waiting for a mediocre breakfast, you've gone too far...in so very many ways".I live (for another few weeks, at any rate) pretty close to TBC and yet, I don't really "go to there" very often (or at all) if I can avoid it.I just don't look good in Affliction...or a sequined mini-dress.In addition, the food and service have left me cold (much like my last omelet at TBC a few weeks ago) on my infrequent visits.But the amusement factor provided by TBC is (for me at least) quite high, and for that, I'm grateful!I've been twice in the past year...once for lunch, out of renewed curiosity (I was headed to another spot for lunch and saw a couple reading a menu outside another restaurant and discussing their lunch preferences in loud Scottish accents "I dinna want a fookin TACO, Angela...I wanna go to the fookin Breakfast Club!").That was almost a year ago...and I went once for breakfast, recently, because the Beautiful Carin likes TBC.And what Carin wants, Carin gets!But both visits featured mediocre food (esp. for the price) and mediocre service (at any price).My last visit also featured an apparently broken exhaust duct that runs under the booths at the north end of the place.Hot, humid cooking exhaust, coming up through the seams in the upholstery, steamy cooking aroma's wafting around me from below...I was about to call Guinness because I thought I was setting a new world record for sustaining a fart!But the aromatic breeze didn't stop! And even though I'm close to senility, I eventually realized that it wasn't me!Our server was uninterested in this turn of events (when I let her know what was happening)...apparently I'm past the age when a 22 year old "model" (who happens to be slingin' hash) needs to pay any attention to me...even when they are theoretically being paid to do so!Maybe she wasn't being paid enough to listen to me...that's probably why some hookers get $2-3,000 an hour...to listen...bareback.At any rate, I was going to add a star to my review, since the warm air enema felt so darn nice, but what other restaurant can compete with that?It wouldn't be fair!TBC is clearly a club that doesn't need me as a member, and I'm OK with that.
Dinner Crawl in Surprise. It's Panda  Express.  This is fast food imitation Chinese food!! It's good for what it is.  Want upscale, go to Pei Wei, that's not good enough, go to PF Changs! (see where I'm going with this?!) It's Panda Express, get the green bean chicken, feel good about being nice and leaving an honest review.. ;)
Its sat morning, and I have a full day of housecleaning on the menu for the kids and I, so I thought well lets go get breakfast before the fun starts. Woke up my teens and told them let's go, they have never been so I was looking forward to taking them.We got to our table and I noticed from my last trip there, they no longer have the cinnamon sugar covered tortilla chips :( I was looking forward to them! Now my son, he is a different type of fella, doesn't always go with the group, he ordered a yogurt parfait, I though um really? But when he got it, it was beautiful it had blueberries, strawberries and came with a blueberry scone.  He was happy.My daughter ordered the biscuit and gravy, she loved every bite! I ordered the wild west burrito that came with refried beans, inside the burrito was potatoes, carne asada, eggs, pico de gallo and I had it topped with red & green sauce.  OK no one told me that it was going to be huge, my yogurt eating son had to help me, I gave him  1/2 of it, and he loved it! I have to say I am a fan of their green sauce! Another great meal at Brunchies! Look forward to coming back again!
I would like to start with 'I LOVE the food here'.  It is one of my absolute favorite lunch spots.  So why the two stars you ask??  Because 95% of the time our order is wrong.  When we are dining at the restaurant  it isn't that big of a deal, it is when we order to go that it is extra annoying.  The funny thing about it is that we always order a 'build your own sub'.  So it isn't like we are being super picky and changing orders around!!  It has gotten to the point where we won't order to go anymore and we are hesitant about going because it is pain to always send our orders back.  Such a shame too, because this place could be great!
4/18/12Very, very good late lunch/early dinner meal for me, and it all started with a classic mojito.  Not the Garden mojito on the specialty cocktails menu that has cucumber in it (allergy).  Just a mojito made from a well rum, in this case Bacardi.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=9-cZ-SOtiX2ihwdrCs2FrQ  $6 during happy hour.  And it's a good one!  Fresh, muddled mint, a bit of lime juice, a spritz of ginger ale, sugar, and rum.  Initially I thought it a bit too sweet (from the ginger ale, instead of carbonated soda) but perhaps the alcohol content had something to do with my change of mind... :)I was considering a bruschetta plate with two cheeses, but decided against it when I had a look at the dessert menu.  Nope, I'm just going to have a small plate of Pesto chitarra ($10) and perhaps the cherry zeppole later.  I have to tell you, I've been dreaming about this pasta dish for years, since the first time I saw another Yelper post a picture of it somewhere.  Years!!  And today's dish did not disappoint.  No, not at all.  You'd think after a few years' buildup on how spectacular this plate looks, I might not enjoy it so much, but I was happy with it.  Yep, I'm just going to come out and say it-- I ate the whole thing!  Every "guitar" string, all the grape tomato halves (which, honestly, wasn't hard to do, since there were only two whole pieces to speak of), each and every grated parmesan-coated pine nut, and all of the pesto sauce. I may have left some charred bits of the toasted focaccia bread on the plate, but what wasn't charred I used to sop up all of that pesto-infused EVOO.  The entire entree was off the hook!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=wYz23WxyjrTKUXsSUwnKSw  Now, this is where any practical and health-conscious person would say, "Ok, I've had enough.  I can't eat another bite."  But, I can't be practical.  Not when I'm half-way through my mojito!  So, I went ahead and ordered the zeppole ($6.50), and it took more than a few minutes to arrive, but I wasn't in a hurry.  When the six little Italian puffs of sugar-coated fresh-fried dough arrived, accompanied by two small pots of almond crema and Maker's Mark bourbon mascarpone, I knew I was in for a treat!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=0-sLOjmoMEBkWAcTZyHskQ  Even before I took a bite, I could detect the scent of cherries that were inside the fried moulds of dough, some of which you could see peeking through the sparkling sugar crystals.  And yes, I ate all six of them, and all of the almond crema.  There was no doubt that the mascarpone contained bourbon- it's pretty strong, and I didn't mind it, not at all, especially when you combine it with the almond, but had I known just how much i'd enjoy the almond crema, I'd have them give me two pots of it, instead of the mascarpone.  Now I know.4.25 stars.  Can't wait to go back!
Walk into The Blue Moose around 4:00 pm on a Saturday in March and it'll be hard to find a seat. Why you ask? Because this hidden dive is a spring training hot spot and for several good reasons. I like The Blue Moose because it's off the beaten path and nestled in the Civic Center park. It's pretty much your typical dive bar. You can spend a good amount of time playing pool or watching sports on one of the 10+ flat screens. Oh and did I mention the specials? Try, $8 for a bucket (4 to a bucket) of domestic beer. And for imported, it's only $12 for a bucket. Not bad right? They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers. Typical bar food, but you don't have to be blacked out to enjoy it. I love that I can eat and drink here and not go into overdraft protection along the way. The Blue Moose is awesome for large groups due to the selection of indoor and outdoor space. The bar was recently the start and finish line for a 5k around town and a good 100+ people gathered here with plenty of room leftover for the other visitors. So whether you want to stop by after spring training, enjoy a couple drinks with friends or shoot some pool and watch the game, The Blue Moose is a great dive bar option in Scottsdale. Too many people forget about the hidden moose in the corner of Old Town, so let's do something to fix that!
The dishes at Rice Paper (overall) are fresh, tasty, and healthy. The sauces are exceptional. It's hard to choose between the ginger miso and peanut hoisin, but either one is good enough to eat with a spoon... however, lick-worthy dips can't quite bring a place back from the depths of intolerable service.Holy hell, the service... not just bad, but weird. Really weird. In three visits, not one has been free of something bizarre and unacceptable.The first time I came to Rice Paper was when it first opened. The food was good! The atmosphere was pleasant! The guy talking to us the entire time was not! I don't know if he worked there or partially owns the place, but he had some kind of authority and some nerve not to let us chew in peace. Maybe I'm just mildly antisocial towards strangers while in the middle of eating a soft shell crab salad and can't appreciate those kinds of interactions, but regardless, it didn't deter me from trying again.The second time I went, a gluten-free friend was amongst my companions. The waiter claimed a bunch of things were gluten-free, then kept going back to the kitchen to check, and it repeatedly turned out that they weren't. When the waiter finally figured out something gluten-free for our friend to order, everything was fine. Until he became violently ill later that day. Lesson: if it's not gluten-free, it's better not to lie.The most recent time I visited Rice Paper was on a date. We sat in the only free spot, next to a boisterously loud couple who appeared to be talking with an owner. After a cilia-damaging cackle emerged from the table, I turned around with a rather blank, dismayed expression. Then I turned back to my date and said, "Should we find another table?" The owner approached us, grabbing my shoulder, and said "Do you have something to complain about, too?" I was shocked and can't remember the rest of the conversation, other than that she grabbed my shoulder and squeezed it twice more. She better have been drunk... I mean, WHAT THE ACTUAL F$%&. I almost left right then, and if it weren't for the peanut hoisin sauce, I probably would have.
Remind me never to drive thru here again. If I check-in again - shoot me. I'm not a huge fan of Sonic, except I like their limeades and crushed ice. I've never been to this location before and I won't recommend it.The service was fine. The gentleman who took our order was patient and nice. However, whoever prepared the food didn't prepare it as we ordered it. I asked for no mayo and got mayo. That pretty much ruins the burger. How can you take mayo off? Yuck. My daughter's chicken whatevers (bits? pieces? nuggets?) caused her to ask "Is this chicken?" She's 10, and not that picky. So that must have been pretty bad.I thought it interesting that the drive thru guy encouraged me to fill out the survey to be entered for a drawing for a free something or other. Why? Because he didn't give my daughter any honey mustard sauce after he attentively asked how many packets she wanted. I usually don't fill out those surveys. I may start now...Nice drive-thru guy. But absent-minded (I suppose we all have those days.)Good slushes and limeade. (This would be the only reason I'd come back.)Bad food.
At work we received two large boxes of brownies from Fairytale Brownies.  It was a large assortment, encompassing everything from Espresso Nib to Walnut to Pecan to Carmel to Mint, to....If I'm going to pick a dessert worthy of dreams, the answer is not likely to be brownies.  Usually the first bite or two are good, then I'm done.  Apparently there's a major exception to that rule and Fairytale Brownies has found a way to win my heart.  I ate far more than my fair share of these little things.  I can't fathom how much they cost, but they were absolutely, wonderfully delicious.
While one of the healthier choices in Arizona, I wasn't impressed with their food, nor their service. I've only been to the one in Chandler.While the fare isn't terrible, I just don't find it overly flavorful. I've had the hummus, and the lavosh salmon wrap. The wrap was pretty disappointing for me.I'll probably go again just to see if something else on the menu will wow me. And if my opinion changes, I will come back & update.
I owe 2 of my 5 stars to timing alone.  I've enjoyed reading my fellow Yelper reviews on this place, and understand the mixed bag.  Had our timing not been lucky, perhaps my 2nd-only 5-star rating would be down to a 3.5 or 4.  I hear you out there, with the concerns of service, sitting way too close to someone else, Noca always being out of at least one item (happened to us the other night, also), etc.  I get this.  However, I do my best to try not talking myself into hating something before I give it a shot.  I don't wrinkle my nose at a previously opened bottle of wine from 5 minutes ago and claim that it's "turned" and demand a fresh bottle.  And despite my God-given right of sending a $35 plate back to the kitchen if it isn't prepared correctly; I think I've only done this once in my life.  And I felt like a douchebag when I did.We arrived early (around 5:20ish), without reservation.  I asked if they had a table open, jokingly, because we were the only people there.  Of course they were ALL reservered, but they had seating on the patio.  Fine by us.  And that made the dinner great, despite being seated in the parking lot and wondering why, and who, would park their burgundy circa 1986 Chysler New Yorker right there on the curb and leave it.  These minor things aside, we had the patio to ourselves, which meant not having to sit on top of other guests and/or listen to their inane conversations.  It was perfect.  And then the food came.We started with the clam chowder and shared.  Awesome.  Rich, artery-clogging, heavy-cream and butter filled bowl of awesome.  With bacon.  Everything's better with bacon.  My gal ordered the pasta special of the day, and I dove in to the pork belly with risotto.  Easily, hands down, the most tender pork I've ever eaten anywhere.  I am not a risotto connoisseur, I mean, I know when something tastes awesome, but I haven't traveled around and experienced the risotto tours of the valley.  What I do know is that this was like eating a smooth, cheesy cloud with an egg atop.  Paired with the pork belly, I was stuffed but wanted more.  Immediately.We cleaned our plates, were drinking our drinks and then came the purple bouffant wig of cotton candy.  What?  Seriously, it would have fed a table of 8.  Outside of that cotton candy experience, I think the one and only other time I've had cotton candy was at the state fair when I was in junior high or something.  It was a nice touch, but entirely over the top for a table of 2.  Just spin a little of it, put it in a ramekin and that would suffice.  But I still had to go with the homemade donuts for dessert, with the caramel, chocolate and blueberry dipping sauces.  3 small donuts, 3 small donut holes.  Perfect.  And 2,000 calories ingested.Food - excellent!Patio to ourselves - excellent!I almost don't ever want to go back because I wonder if they'll hit this pinnacle again.  But we sure hope so.
