Tried a couple Tammie Coe cupcakes and a mini muffin two weeks ago... Unfortunately for them, I also sampled Ollie Cakes... No wonder Ollie Cakes, aka Urban Cookie, won Cupcake Wars and Tammie Coe sits in high rent selling pretty sugar disguised as a cupcake.Drive a few miles north, get whatever the special cupcake of the day is along with a Brown Velvet and Lemon, and save saying you enjoyed Tammie Coe for impressing snooty folk who wouldn't know yummy if it bit them on the butt!Really, the TC cakes were just cakes... No flavor, no texture, dry... And I can't say how impressed I was that the clerk shoved all my selections into one, tiny, flat bag meant for cookies or sandwiches!  Apparently presentation and flavor preservation mean nothing... As their products now do, at least to me.
I work right across the street and a few of us went here for lunch one afternoon. I ordered a salad to go. As soon as I saw the guy grab shredded sandwich lettuce to make my salad I almost told him to stop but I didn't. I regreted it when I started to dig in and realized the lettuce was brown and yellow. Very disappointed. $6+ bucks for nasty lettuce tomatoes and green peppers. I ordered a salad thinking I was getting something like the picture on their website. I won't be returning here. I'll be passing on lunch next time the co-workers opt for this place.
Things Evolve over time, so has La Condesa, There now is a big fancy bar and a somewhat different menu.What really matters is that the flavor, ans salsas are still here.I had a burrito with Mahi Mahi in it, it came loaded with spinach, mushrooms, cheese and rice. The cheese was a bit much but was still great at 10.59 with tax it should be.What really mad it great was the salsas. Everything from a peanut salsa, to a strawberry to many of the classic favorites. I really enjoyed the roasted peepers and onions salsa.Yes the inside is small and the parking is suicidal when you leave, but if you need a flavor shot give this place a try.
R.T. O'Sullivan's really hit the spot! The service and the atmosphere were outstanding. We were put into the back room which was perfect for our large group of 45 plus. The server kept track of everything even as people moved around and socialized. The food was wonderful. We will be going back!
I started a new job and the bosses brought us here for lunch.  It was ok.  I got a lunch combo meal, but I didn't pay.The service was really great but the food was not.  Just kind of plain.  It's convenient to work, so I will probably be back, I just won't have very high expectations.
This may be fiction.  I don't know for sure.  Here's what I pretty much think happened.The other night I was at a bar.  two days later I heard that it was Turf.  So I'm gonna go with it.  In body I was there, however my mind was suffering under an oppressive weight called alcohol that blurred pretty much every little thing that happened.For example: did I really find myself screaming piano man at the top of my lungs, to rapturous applause from the rest of the bar?  every time I tried to stop, I was goaded forth into the next verse?  (did the piano indeed sound like a carnival?)Was I really and truly told assuredly that I was gay?  Did I really have an argument for what felt like hours with a fair-eyed girl who has severe trust issues and one fucked up gaydar?  despite the wedding ring and total pudgy married-guy look did I still come across as gay?  (my wife tells me that it can only be the broadway rendition of a billy joel song.  I begrudgingly concede)Did I really hear someone who claimed to be a teacher misrepresent the very definition of a parallelogram?  Did she really say that a parallelogram could not have right angles?  Did I really scoff right at her and throw down the argument-crushing example of the square (QED biatch!)?  Evidently I did, because I do remember her backing me into a corner and beating my ass with a relentless barrage of haymakers, both rights and lefts, that left me bruised like a second-rate (albeit mathematically-savvy) prizefighter the next day.  Her-110 lbs at the very most, me twice that and then some on the most gravitationally-forgiving day, and I had no response but to cower in my own fucked-up rendition of the rope-a-dope.Her: "flex your stomach so I can hit you."Me: "Are you joking?  that's me, flexing."  (#fat)so I can tell you little to nothing about turf--I genuinely can't say for sure if that was the place we were at.  But since I asked right when I got there if I was allowed to yell, and the bartender said yes, yell to your heart's delight! I have to say four stars.  I would have said 5 but that looks really out of line with the rest of these reviews...
I was in Mesa for a workshop over the weekend, and this was a convenient place to eat. I wasn't overly impressed. The food was ok, and there was nothing wrong with it, but I expected more from Mexican food in AZ.
I want to preface this review by saying that I'm close friends with one of the sushi chef's in training, so we got a seat right at the sushi bar and really had a great opportunity to chat.  That being said, I will review this strictly on the quality of food, since we received some deep discounts due to being VIP guests.  (C'mon now, you know you all get discounts too when you personally know the staff/chefs, so quit your whinin'!)The quality of the fish was excellent... some of the best sushi I've had in my existence.  The key to getting good sushi is to trust in the chef, and ask them what is fresh, and what they would suggest (omakase style).  We had a sashimi appetizer platter to start which featured blue fin, yellow tail, o-toro (yes, the good stuff!), and a few other pieces.  Served with fresh wasabi root (not the hydrated green powdery stuff), this appetizer really woke our stomachs and senses.We had a few different rolls per the chef's suggestion, and all were spectacular (including some off the menu rolls).  The kim bap roll was highly recommended, and the quality was definitely memorable, better than most Korean-mom kim bop rolls I've had in my life.We asked for ama-ebi (sweet shrimp), which was soft, tender, and sweet, with perfectly fried shrimp head to back.  This was the first time I've had such perfectly made ama-ebi, and it's made me want to continue my search in Chicago.Some tasty mochi desserts, a few bottle of sake, and all in all, it was a very enjoyable night for my compadres and I.  I'm sorry for those that have found a bad experience at Otaku, as it sounds like most of it is waitstaff issues... but as a sushi fanatic, my advice to you is this:1.  Don't ask for a table if you're party is smaller than 4... ask for a spot at the sushi counter, because that's how sushi is meant to be served.  Getting to know your chef, the chef getting to know you, having drinks together, etc.  2.  Ask the chef what he/she recommends.  Not all fish are equally fresh, and the chef will know what's best for the day.  And if you can provide them with your own past experience of what you liked/didn't like, they'll likely craft a sushi experience for you that you'll love.Verdict:  If only Otaku were in Chicago... I might go broke.  Delicious sushi, and worth a visit!
How can you go wrong with tortillas and pastries in one location?  I honestly don't understand how this little Mexican bakery stays in business  given everything is practically free. My hubby and I bought two empanadas for me (like a little pie or turnover), flan for him, a dozen tortillas, and 2 red burritos.  I guess you need to get there early because they were out of red tamales at 2 pm on a Friday.  The empanadas were baked just to golden brown and the crust was so flaky and delicious words cannot describe it.  I had lemon and cherry, but I wanted to try one of everything.  The red chili in the burritos was mild but very flavorful.  Luckily they are wrapped in foil because I couldn't wait to get home to devour mine.  They could double their prices and I would still come back!I forgot to mention the bakery is spotless, so clean I would eat off the floor if I had to.
Yelpers giving this place four or five stars are either seriously misguided, don't have refined pallets, or simply haven't tried Bianco or Cibo.  This place was over priced, had fairly poor service, and the pizza just wasn't that good.I ordered the sausage pizza.  The sausage was pretty bland.  They also screwed up my order by adding onions when I didn't ask for them.  I've had my order messed up on pizzas before by having toppings left off, but never added on that I simply didn't order.  Found that strange.  I would have sent it back, but the waiter didn't check to see how everything was until about fifteen minutes after the food was brought to the table.I'd give Humbe Pie 1.5 stars if I could, but rounded up since it is better than Dominos and Pizza Hut.  I went after buying the GroupOn coupon, but won't be returning.
Exactly what a hole in the wall Pho place should be like! Totally reminds me of LA, SF or any authentic Pho place in any multi-cultural city. Congrats Phoenix for not being completely white bred and redneck- must give thanks to center city.Anyhow, portions are large, ingredients taste fresh and prices are inexpensive. If you're one of the sheltered folk out here that gets freaked out by rude bums or the lack of decor- stay in the shelter of your HOA tract home or go to the mall.
One of the WORST experiences of my life.  My friends and I decided to go and check this place out as the local radio kept talking about it.  So the day we decide to go, the guy from the Colbert report was there mocking the restaurant also.  We go in and we thought, "hey wow, this is kinda cool" as they talked about monster proportions of burgers and fries fried in lard.  However, once the food arrived we sat down and although the wait staff was scantily clad, all of them had "cottage cheese" legs and thighs.  We sat down, and my friend decides to take their super burger challenge, she said if he finished his 2 lbs burger, his meal would be on the house.  He kills it, and when we ask why his burger wasn't free, we could no longer find out waitress and the owner says to us "you either pay or i come over the counter" he threatened us with violence, which is stupid as all we were doing was asking what about what the waitress had told us.  We will never ever go there again.  Being Asian, he also spewed racial slurs at us, calling us to go back to where we came from.  ALL of us were born and raised in Arizona so I don't know where we would go.  Anyways, don't go here.  Also, all of the patrons, ALL of them were middle aged men, who instead of paying attention to their wives and kids were hiding away at a nasty restaurant who's burgers aren't even really grilled.  the frozen patties from costco are placed on a machine that rolls the burgers through, so you can't even want a medium burger, they are all torched.  The fries although fried in lard, are crap.  All in all, if you're a lonely loser, this is the place for you.  If you're a classy kinda guy that wants REAL food, go to any other generic burger place and you will be more satisfied.
Do you want to eat Chinese Food in an elegant environment on a Friday night in Phoenix? Be entertained by classic, quiet standards being played live on a piano while you dine?Are you 50 years old and Caucasian?Then the Golden Buddha is the place for you! Its in the Chinese Cultural Center Mall on 44th, and a popular weekend spot for Dim Sum. For a DIm Sum starved Valley of the Sun, Golden Buddha's is decent. For dinner, though, it is awfully Americanized and not very authentic Chinese. But with a bunch of American customers coming for dinner, what do you expect? They probably think they are getting "real Chinese" food by going to the Chinese Mall, but then again, they are used to PF Chang's or Stix normally in their neighborhood, so this is a step up.The best thing about this place is the decor, which is clean and nice, with a Hong Kong Junk boat design covering the ceiling from the bar into the dining room. The next best thing is the Piano interludes on weekend nights. The service is next, which is a little overly eager to remove your plate, and the last thing is the food. They do give decent portions. I ordered Guo Teh (potstickers) and got 6 fat ones. But they weren't served with the usual soy, chili oil and vinegar, but a soy and green onions mixture. The Mapo Tofu was ok, as they used a nice silky tofu, which was nice, but no green onions, and sliced black mushrooms instead, which I like, but not in this dish.Come here for the ambiance and music in the evenings, or on the weekend days for Dim Sum.
We got an online coupon to try this place and went on a Sunday around 7pm for dinner. The decor is very cool-neat floral booths with plastic overlay, beer taps at the booths, amazing mural on the far right wall. We both enjoyed our margaritas, which for the size were fair on the $8 price tag. The food was tasty, but not original. We ordered the ceviche app (which we liked the best), the mushroom tacos and the house salad with shrimp. Although our waitress came back and informed us that they were out of shrimp so we opted to try it without as there aren't too many non-meat or fish options on the menu. The smashed plantains and pumpkin seeds were a nice touch in the salad, but it was lacking something special. I can see coming here for happy hour or for a fri/sat night drink. They had a DJ booth which was cool, but (and I may sound old for saying this) it was just too loud for a Sunday night dinner.
I don't know how this place stays in business. The menu is so limited. Would you like chicken or chicken? Chicken in a pita? Chicken on some lettuce? Chicken rolled in a tortilla? And the pita chips are bland! Yuck! And  the potato salad has something in it that is way too tangy. I've only been twice and tried different dishes both times but I just don't get anything greek about this place.
Unfortunately, my birthday always falls right around Mother's Day.  Which means that every time I want to go out to eat for my birthday it is packed.  We thought we'd celebrate early by going on Saturday, but it was still packed.  We called ahead and the earliest reservation was 9 PM, but the person on the phone said that if we just came down, they would fit us in.So we sat at the bar for maybe 20 minutes (IN YOUR FACE CHAIN RESTAURANTS!!!) and our beers came with a small appetizer of cheese and salami.  These people think of everything. And the wait staff is pretty damn attentive.  The hostess heard me say something about my birthday, which was passed on to the waitress so my super huge and yummy meal ended with a delicious dessert of my choosing.  The bread and relish tray would have been more than enough of an appetizer for me, but my partners in crime also wanted the spinach artichoke dip, which was soooo tasty.  My steak was SOFT but cooked exactly how I like it.  These are true professionals.  Asparagus was cooked perfectly.  The chicken pot pie soup was exactly what I expected and so yummy.  And the dessert?  Triple creme brulee - kahlua which tasted like a caucasian, chocolate which managed to be super chocolately but not too rich, and a mixed berry that would have been fabulous if I was a normal rasberry eating human.Yes, it's a little pricey, but you easily get 2 meals if not more out of one dish.  Especially with the yummy bread and relish tray that is also presented before the meal.  The atmosphere is cozy and a little crowded.  If you are wierd about personal space, this is probably not the place to go.Overall: I love this place and go every time I get the opportunity.
This place is the best place I've found so far for sushi in the Phoenix area.  The wait staff is always attentive, the sushi isn't overpriced and  their specialty sushis are actually good.  They stick to the basics, and don't veer too much into the west for their ideas.  The plates and silverware are clean, which is more than I was able to say at a different place I'd tried.  The sushi prices are similar to other places I've seen - except you get 3 pieces, not 2.  They don't stick too much rice in the rolls.  The pieces can sometimes push the limit, but most are manageable.  All in all, this is a great place that I will come back to time and again.
There's different kinds of Mexican places around.  Type A:  Pseudo-Mexican fast food (Taco Bell, El Pollo Loco, Del Taco, etc.)Type B: REAL Mexican fast food (whateveri-berto's, Baja Fresh, Rubio's etc.)Type C: Various traditional taquerias (Los Favoritos, Rivas' Mexican Food, etc.)Type D: "Mexican Denny's" or chain-type sit down Mexican Restaurants--traditional-style or not (Chevy's, El Torito, Macayo's, etc.) Type E: REAL formal or semi-formal Mexican restaurants (I don't know any in the Valley yet, but in the Bay Area there is the now closed La Michoacana in San Mateo, CA, etc.)Valle Luna is a Type D, and a pretty good one as well.  Delicious traditional-style Mexican food.  The interior looks like what you usually see in a Chevy's or Macayo's.  It's visually pleasing, and service is friendly and helpful.  They have all the beers, margaritas, and tequila that you usually find at places like this (you know what I mean).  It's the kind of Mexican place you take someone for their birthday--exactly.Do you check in to places on Yelp using your iPhone?   Come to Valle Luna!  Show them the check-in on your phone and you get $5 off of a meal costing $20 or more.  Perfect for lunch with your co-worker.Valle Luna means good Mexifood.  If you're in the mood for a Type D, bypass the "Fresh Mex" and come here.
Live music, plenty of beer on tap, and a very happening place.  This place was packed with people however with a group of 6 we still found tables and chairs.  I enjoyed some beers on tap, but wanted to try some food so we ordered the Copper Blues Burger.  Very good burger, fresh tasting and the bacon and cheddar hit the spot.  The fries are good, which I normally do not eat at all.  Nothing like enjoying a nite out with friends.  Live music, great food, and plenty of drinks and beers on tap to enjoy.  We all had a great time out.  Service was great and everyone seemed pretty friendly there.  Great atmosphere here.
Just OK.  But like pizza and sex, there really is no bad BBQ.  I think there is something lost in translation from its Texas roots to AZ.  Gone is the appeal of the gas station dive.  Atmosphere feels a little phony in a pretty, new building.  The biggest problems I have with the food is the overpowering mesquite flavor and mediocre sauces.  The Texas roots explains the loyalty to mesquite, which is understandable and you cant fault them for staying true... but a little hickory or less creosote-tasting smoke would be nice for a non-Texas palette.  The sauces seem a little amateur.  I know Rudy's is no amateur in the business, but I think they settled too soon on their signature sauces - they taste like the first ones I made in my backyard.  If a true amateur (me) can evolve into better sauces, so can Rudys.  Now I need to stop at the new BBQ joint next door to see which one will get my BBQ dollars... stay tuned.
Very good place for breakfast & lunch tucked away in the crowded shops at 44th & Camelback.  I kinda found this place on accident.  I meant to just run into AJs and grab a salad to go, but was forced to park basically across the driveway from Taylor's, and, being closer, I opted to go there instead.  Taylor's is open 6-4ish (I couldn't really tell, they probably just changed the hours and scratched off the hour number on the door), and they serve breakfast all day- well, all day they're actually open- which is always good with me.  I was in the mood for corned beef, and , bingo, there it was.  Nice mound of lean tasty beef with melty cheese (no saurkraut or thousand island, please.).  And the bread- oh the bread- grilled to be crispy on the edges but still soft inside.  How in the hell do they do it?  I don't know, but I'm in love.
Shopping around TMP made me thirsty for a cocktail.  There is some type of Cantina I passed by that did not look relaxing so I went to my Yelp app to see what else was around when I saw the Thirsty Lion.  I was expecting an English pub-like atmosphere and I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in and saw the clean and modern decor.  I sat at the bar, a great thing about this place is that it has HH on the weekends!  The bartender wasn't that great.  He just threw down a drink coaster and walked off.... uh... really?  When he came back around I ordered a specialty drink - mint and cucumber cooler or something like that - I was hoping for more cucumber than mint but the mint was overwhelming, it tasted more like a mint julep.  They did have a great selection of beers on tap but I really wanted a cocktail so the next round was a jack and coke.  I wasn't planning to eat but I noticed some hard-boiled eggs wrapped in sausage on the HH menu, I had to try those, it's not often that I see something unique on a menu.  They were pretty good actually.I can't wait to come back.
Being a Phoenix native, I almost felt embarassed that I only ate at Pete's for the first time seven years ago. I had gotten back from England and was trying to recreate the orgasmic fish and chips experience I had there. Pete's was around the corner from my complex and after all, I DID see so many  of those "I'm Addicted to Pete's Fish & Chips" bumper stickers all around Tempe. I had to try it.I ordered the two fish combo, and my reaction was...what the..?..are they serious? 1.) The "chips" suuuuck. No salt, overcooked and stiff. I couldn't even eat them. 2) The two squares of fish I got were alright, but I may as well have gone to Safeway and bought a box of Gorton's fish sticks. 3.) The red "special sauce".  Wtf? And you have to pay extra if you want tarter? Lame. 4.) No malt vinegar. Enough said. Why there is such a collective hard-on for this place is beyond me. It's a laughably bad example of Fish and Chips.
I am one step closer to completing my goal.  I want to visit every Grimaldis in the US before I die.  After tonights visit to this one, I have most of AZ taken care of.We decided to come here because we had never been to this one.  We arrived and were seated right away.  Surprisingly this one wasn't crowded at all and that was fine by us.  We got a small caesar salad, a small pepperoni and garlic, and a personal white pizza with roasted red peppers.  A few minutes later we got our salad.  It was really good.  Just enough dressing, lots of cheese and croutons.  It was a good starter.  A few minutes after that, our pizza came out.  If you have read my other reviews, you will know that I think Grimaldis is the best.....this pizza was no different.  I really liked the white with roasted red peppers.  Everything was delicious and even though there was some doubt we could finish off 2 pizzas, I turned on my inner fat boy, and finished off all the pizza.  It was tough, but someone had to do it....little kids are starving in Africa somewhere....lll be damned if I'm going to waste some slices of this amazing pizza.  Down the hatch it went....my stomach doesn't like me right now because its so full, but he will forgive me once he doesn't get any of this delicatessen back in San Diego LOL.
Owned and operated by Eugenia Theodosopoulos (an Ohio native, fyi) and considered by many to be the best patisserie/bakery in the state I approached Essence with a note of skepticism largely assuming much of the hype was derived from Tempe's plethoric college crowd but arriving at the doors of the small shop on a particularly lovely 80 degree morning I gathered quite quickly that my original conceptions were misplaced; not only does Essence not look like a college haunt, neither do its prices or products - a vast selection of at least twenty items aside from the posted menu sitting beneath and atop a glass case forcing me to make more than one tough decision that was not helped by my server's accurate assessment that everything was really good.Now bearing in mind that the original impetus to visit Tempe on this particular morning was to visit Caffe Boa and that Essence was more of 'pre-meal' activity what follows may seem slightly gluttonous, but to be fair once I took my first bite of Theodosopoulos's École Lenôtre trained almond croissant I knew I was in good hands and everything else just sort of followed.  Without a doubt my favorite breakfast pastry and perhaps my favorite French pastry overall, Essence's $3 twice baked option arrives slightly smaller than the average but with a shell that crackles to the tooth and an interior that is at once yawning pockets of air and nearly overloaded with butter and light frangipane there is no doubt that this is a case of "big things in small packages," and particularly in its still-warm morning state the flavors and textures rivaled those at Dominique Ansel and Payard Las Vegas for best I've had stateside.Moving next from the baked goods to one prepared from the menu my second taste of the morning aside from the slightly earthy and lightly leather accented coffee was Essence's "Signature" French Toast, a $7.25 selection featuring three griddled slices of eggy brioche and a sidecar of what I can best describe as banana infused caramel.  Rich but thinly sliced and therefore nicely saturated each piece of the French Toast was exactly as it should be - the exterior crisp and the interior custard-while the sauce provided a pleasant balance of fruity notes and intrinsic sweetness that complimented rather than overwhelming the bread.At this point submitting to the fact that I was going to eat even the items I'd bought 'for later,' my next two tastes were a pair of $2.95 macarons that, much like the croissant, rivaled those both here and abroad in terms of taste and texture while opting for a much more rustic approach terms of size and presentation.  Beginning first with Pumpkin Spice and then proceeding to Vanilla with Dark Rum each palm-sized cookie was exactly what one would expect from a well trained pastry chef as the exterior shell provided a slight crackle on bite subsequently giving way to a soft meringue followed by dense cream that slowly dissipated on the tongue - the cinnamon and nutmeg notes of the former particularly notable while the rum in the second was appropriately understated thus serving to highlight the vanilla of the shell.If there were any 'misstep' on the morning, it *might* have been the "Summer Berry Croissant Bread Pudding," though when I say misstep I must temper the comment with the fact that my quibble is only that I prefer the French/English take on the dish while this one was more based on the French Custard style, a rich vanilla bean pudding without a lot of crunch or textural variance but instead laden with blackberries, raspberries, and strawberries plus a sidecar of lightly sugared strawberries.  Focusing more of the natural sweetness of the fruits and aromatics of the vanilla than the typical overly sweet versions served stateside it was more panna cotta than bread pudding to me, but chalking that up to personal tastes it was still delicious.Moving last to the one dish that gave me trepidation, the "French Napoleon" gave caused pause not only because the name clearly skewed towards a subset unfamiliar with a proper Mille-Feuille but also because so many pre-made versions of this layered pastry have failed to wow in the past...thankfully this was not the case at Essence.  Featuring light and crunchy layers of choux easily withstanding the tines of a fork without turning into a smooshy mess (see "Mille Feuille New York") intertwined with rich pastry cream speckled with dots of vanilla bean and ripe raspberries what truly made this version stand out was the manner in which Theodosopoulos caramelized each layer of choux, a technique reminiscent of Pierre Herme and as good as the French icon's version was I'd be hard pressed to say Essence's was any less impressive.  It would be awesome to see what they could do a la minut like Savoy, L'Arpege, or Genin and given the names I've dropped in the paragraphs above plus Essence's proximity I've no doubt I'll be returning to see what else the small shop is capable of soon.
Every time I go in this place it's always a great experience.  My wife and I have been going to Lucille's pretty much every other Sunday for the last couple months.  Her favorite is the pulled pork mine is the Kansas City ribs, but we always have to start our meal off with the fried pickles.  If you're on a tight budget even buying one meal and sharing it is a definite option.  Sometimes I get full on the biscuits and spread the provide in the beginning.The bar area is a great place to have a meal and watch a game.  I would highly recommend this establishment to any of my friends.  But make sure you get the fried pickles... you will not be disappointed.Oh yeah.....please please please order the Mac 'N Cheese as your side.  You will thank me later.Q
Great donuts but horrible service... Didn't get anything we wanted due to a language barrier between us and the limited English speaking employee. She claimed, in broken English, to only speak Spanish. She understood ONLY the word "dozen" and we got a dozen of what ever she felt like giving us, then proceeded to ignore us while using her cell phone!Donut shops are a dime a dozen and we will never again return to Bosa.
I've been visiting, and thinking, and visiting again, and thinking, and finally, after a long deliberation, I am ready to issue a verdict. Ruling: It's OK and a worthy stop in Scottsdale for a pre-dinner beverage. Sure, I could front load my review with spicy adjectives, overinflated superlatives, some forced humor, and throw on an added star and hope for a ROTD (come on, don't pretend that you don't know the formula), but I am not selling my stars for a day on the big screen. If it's been said once, twice, and even thrice, need I repeat it? Yes, because it is true -- this is not Postino, and for that matter, this is not Kaz. It is a good, local spot to grab a glass of wine, maybe even with your mom, who may not be hip enough to chill at Postino on Central (which really requires little hipness, I mean they let me in), or your dad, who may not be able to read in the dark at Kaz, or maybe for that friend from Gilbert, who you know, wants to walk the wide straight path of predictability. Predictability isn't bad...in this case, that means a good wine selection (could rotate more), full bar, usually one good draft or two out of 5, decent cocktails, and decent food. The food is not really what you come for. The bruschetta is sub par, but the salads are above par. And, I have to add, hummus with no flat bread or pita?? No. No pita for you! Service runs from friendly (read, management) to disillusioned and inattentive. The latter tends to happen if you sit outside. The last time I was in, I think grapes were crushed, olives were pressed, and chickpeas were ground...at least they could have been. Often they have live music too, which runs from the somewhat awkward jazz guy who keeps talking to you to the Motown wedding singer -- which on at least one occasion brought out near Elaine Benes-style dancing -- now that was worth the visit and waiting for the grape crushing.
I am a hot dog lover. For the past five years I've found no greater joy in Phoenix than hitting up Nogales Dogs for the best meal on the planet. Each evening when the Keyboard City on 20th St. and Indian School closes, the parking lot is converted into a quaint little dining atmosphere. I most enjoy going around six, the sun is setting and the buzz of traffic makes Phoenix seem more alive. This is my own preference and I know many people who hate going at this time because of the loud traffic. The bacon wrapped dogs are made to perfection with your choice of mayo, beans, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, cheese, mushrooms, and lettuce. And to top it all off you can wash it down with a Mexican Coca Cola, mmm so sugar filled. Don't forget to bring cash and your appetite.
Best Greek food I had in Arizona and excellent entertainment.The dolma's were the best I've had, their version of Babaganoush was very good and they had many lamb-based dishes.The entertainment was great. Live music, belly dancing, greek-style fun, broken plates, and dancing.Since I had the sampler plate I can tell you that if you're vegan, vegetarian or any other wacko thing like that, you might not enjoy the food here (Greek Lasagna?....really?) Also, the chicken was no good but I don't really like chicken anyway.
Clean, organized, and well-stocked (for the most part), Fujiya's carries my favorite car freshener, chips, bread, and iced coffee (in a can) among many other good things. Reasonably priced and extremely courteous customer service, I am always happy to shop there. The bentos, I wish, are kept in warmers like Suruki in San Mateo, CA, but Fujiya has an area adjacent to the register which includes a microwave to heat your purchased bento, so you can sit and eat and relax after shopping. What I love so much about their service is that I can place my order ahead of time and they'll have it available and ready. I think this is the only Japanese store that has just about everything I need to stock my pantry. It's no wonder I've been coming here year after year.
Sorry Banana Leaf... I'm usually not picky at all but the Thai Curry Tofu and Vegetable dish I picked up last night was awful.  Really... it was almost not edible.  The packaging was not great, so it kind of spilled a bit in the bag - not a good start.Perhaps the curry is the 'yellow curry' that Jenny R refers to in her review - maybe the chef should taste it before serving it - it was nasty!Seriously, I've had better Asian food from the food court at the mall before!I will say, you did listen to my request to add eggplant to the dish - thank you... but if someone requests eggplant, perhaps you should make sure it's cooked fully next time.  I had a bite that was barely cooked - it was crunchy.  So, needless to say - I don't think I'll be giving you another shot.  First impressions sometimes last a lifetime.  Sorry Banana Leaf!
Too long.......it took me way too long to make it to Sens. Sens is what we need more of in Phoenix!Seated promptly on a Friday night by Johnny Chu himself, Johnny Chu really has put together a winner here, Johnny Chu.....alright, I admit it...I like saying his name!The Asian tapas idea is new to me, having dined at some great Tapas places from Chicago to Vegas,  but alas never an Asian tapas joint. I must say no Spanish tapas place ever made me feel like Sens did (except the time I drank a pitcher of Sangria)!The Tofu dishes are amazing. How do you learn to love Okra? Get it at Sens. The Hong Kong rice noodles were not what I was expecting so I was a little taken back by them looking like a plateful of water chestnuts. One taste was all that was needed to cure my trepidations about the flavor - fantastic!I will be back to Sens Tapas & Sake Bar soon - do you think you could invent an "Asian Sangria"? C'mon Johnny, I know you can do it!
Being the B, L, and D (breakfast, lunch and dinner) restaurant of a major valley resort takes allot of versatility. From scrambling eggs to grilling a piece of meat the new Rico's American Grill at the Point Hilton Squaw Peak Resort shows that all this can be done and more on a daily basis. With two massive patios, a large bar and lounge area coupled with a fantastic selection of locally made beers on tap, just beckons you to try them all out. This is easily done by ordering up a Beer Flight ($7) which gets you 4 5oz glasses of their best brews, though this will be tough to chose, they're all good. Then you can order a capped 64oz growler ($20) to go! A growler is simply a large glass jug filled with your favorite beer, your choice. These are all the rage in other cities so I was excited to see Rico's making this offer. Id fill it with my latest favorite, Left Hand Milk Stout Sweet Stout. Think rich flavors of chocolate and coffee blended with milk sugars to give a sweet and creamy taste. In the large dining room you'll notice a wood fired oven. Unfortunately Rico's doesn't take full advantage of this, only offering a handful of menu items cooked in it including the BBQ Chicken Flatbread ($12). Covered with pulled chicken, red onions, Rico's BBQ sauce and mozzarella, this paired well with our beers though could have used a bit more salt, easily remedied. Another glimmer of what could be was the Wood Oven Baked Penne ($13). Several large meatballs, roasted tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella and pesto ricotta cheese and al dente pasta made for a hearty satisfying meal. A bit lighter but bold with flavor, the Chopped Salad ($10, add grilled chicken $3) made with grilled corn, black beans, bacon, tomatoes, cucumber, avocado, and BBQ-ranch dressing was shaken, not stirred, literally. The salad is brought out in a large martini shaker, dressing added on the spot then shaken well. Kind of a neat twist on table-side salad service, what's old is new again. The Wicked Meatloaf ($15) could have used some of Rico's BBQ sauce for a sweet contrast instead of the semi-boring-more-like-brown-gravy cracked pepper demi. The meaty slabs were paired up with roasted garlic mashed potatoes that were well seasoned and comforting.   Perfectly cooked and perfectly tender, the New York Strip Steak ($21) had a warm poblano and bacon relish that I could have eaten by the spoonful. The smoky sweet relish made the need for any sort of steak sauce not necessary. Along side was a heaping helping of green chile mac 'n' cheese, so creamy and so gone, delish. Apple Skillet For 2 ($7) takes apple slices simmered in a brown sugar and cinnamon, thanks to the wood-burning oven, then topped with cake crumbles and served with cinnamon vanilla gelato. If the skillet weren't so hot I would have licked it clean. While Rico's may not have yet achieved culinary greatness, what you do get is solid Southwestern influenced American grub.
Feeling yucky one day and wanting nothing but some reminders of my bay area asian food... My search began with my iPhone for Pho.. AND I wanted good Pho.. (Im skeptical of some dishes in the desert, just sayin'!).. I drove a good 20min from my loft to find this place.. worth it. Usual toppings you will find with real Vietnamese Pho.. but awesome! I asked for a variety of tofu and seafood.. I couldnt finish it all.. but never can with Pho.. its a big bowl, and filling! Extras on tables to get your Pho on.. Ordered the Vietnamese Shrimp Rolls too.. left feeling not so stuffy! AND full.. OH yeah, and I still had money for a bit of shoe shopping the next day... :-)
Wow. Worst food poisoning of my life. Ate here Saturday night for my birthday. Started to just not feel right about 20 minutes afterward. Sunday I never left the bed except to go be sick. I lost a full FIVE pounds in one day. Stay away from the salmon. I for one will never go back. I'm really sad too because I decided on it from the reviews. Another reviewer said they were disappointed in the recent quality. I should have listened!!
I knew when I was heading to Papago Brewing that I was going to get some good beer. What I didn't expect was some pretty decent bar-style thin crust pizza as well. My table ordered the T-Rex, which is basically loaded with every pizza topping made from a pig. My friend was in from out of town, so I said F it, and ate plenty without worrying about it. The pizza was thin, crisp, greasy and delicious. It was everything bar-style pizza should be. As for the beer, I got to try a few of Papago's own brews that I hadn't tried before. Their beers are either very flowery or have a bold coffee bean kind of aftertaste. Good stuff all around, but go with some of the other beers on tap if you're looking for a classic tasting brew. Although the food and beer were good, the service kind of sucked. The server was helpful for sure, but he was all over the place and the food took a very long time to be served. I'm not sure if they were short-staffed the night I went, but if the service was more consistent, my experience would have been better. That being said, Papago is still a pretty great little spot. I'd definitely head over there again the next time I'm in the mood for some pizza and their beer.
Let me tell you about my first crush in Phoenix. It happened to me when I least expected. I was sitting at my small cubicle during my first job. Birthday cake graced the break room practically everyday but today was different. When I walked inside to sing an out of key version of the birthday song to my coworker, I noticed a masterpiece in front of my eyes. A white cake topped with the freshest of fruit and the creamiest of white chocolate morphed into a piece of artwork. One bite into the white cake filled with fresh strawberries and I was in lust. It later turned into love and I've been happy every since. I silently thank the coworker who introduced me to Honey Moon Sweets because I can't imagine life without knowing about this sweet Phoenix treat. Over the years, Honey Moon Sweets has been my go-to bakery for a special occasion. I've purchased the "basic" cake for birthday parties. Let me just note here that a basic cake from Honey Moon Sweets is practically a masterpiece in any other bakery's mind. When planning my sister's baby shower, I knew exactly where to go. I wanted the perfect cake and a work of art to grace the baby shower table. And behold the Honey Moon Sweets baby cake. It was three tiers, blue with rattles, pacifier, building blocks, a crib, a teddy bear...you name it filling the top. Some of the pieces were frosting creations and some were real toys. It was almost too gorgeous to eat, but we couldn't resist it so enjoyed every bite. It was just as good as it looked if not better. Honey Moon Sweets does a fabulous job of using the freshest of ingredients and you can tell upon the first bite. The scariest part of this cake adventure was the travel time from the bakery to the Biltmore for the baby shower. One wrong move and the cake would have been toast so be prepared to move lightly with this cake in hand. As you can imagine, cakes from Honey Moon Sweets are not budget-friendly, but for what you get from the cake, it's reasonably priced. Just save your coins for a special occasion because it's worth it. I promise.
I have to laugh at the person that stated the service was bad. I have now been three times (can you blame a gal for craving a burger?) and each time everyone is almost too overfriendly. They ask if you have been in before and if you state no, they offer to go over the menu. Now this might stop after this location has been open longer, but it's helpful since there are only a few locations in the valley. When your order is ready, you are paged and you go up to grab your meal, and they always find it necessary to read back your order, when right in your hand is a tray with a juicy burger begging you to take a bite... so I am always a little feisty for them to read it off, since I want to chow down! They also seem to want to check in on you while you are eating, which is nice... but can be overwhelming if you are on your lunch break and trying to catch up with a friend... but I won't complain about good ol' polite customer service. I order their original char burger without cheese and without the onions (I did try them with the onions and honestly, I liked the taste of the burger better without)I like their crispy onion rings, they seem healthy if that is even possible for an onion ring... but they are crispy and not greasy. Try them, you'll understand what I am saying better :)The fun item I always get "to go"??? Their coffee flavored milk shake. It's light, it has nice flavor and is a little bit of heaven.PS: Parking is not like it was with "My Florist" there are many more available spaces now, which is totally awesome.
Saw this place in the Yelp email.  Needed to take my son to Toys R Us to use a gift card and it occurred to me that Habit Burger was right there, so I suggested we have lunch there rather than the usual McD's.  I temped him with the offer of a chocolate shake.I was amazed with the cleanliness and brightness of this place.  There was a line when we got there, but it moved quickly.  The tables were packed but we managed to snag a 2-top pretty soon after getting in line.  My son had the kids grilled cheese meal (something you don't find at your standard fast food place) and I had a charburger.  We shared his fries and the shake.OMG - the burger was heavenly!  The roll gets a little grill to it so it has a little crunch on the inside.  It was not greasy at all, just tasty and soooo good!  The fries were equally ungreasy and good - crunchy too.  The chocolate shake - my son only had about 3 sips which left me to drink the rest of it (dang it) - was absolutely delish.  And the prices were outstanding!Its a good thing there isn't a Habit Burger closer to my house.  I'd eat there all the time!  Five Guys?  Forget em!!!
So I've been back to Ra a few times now, and while the food is always acceptable, the service has gotten progressively worse each time. Today my co-worker and I actually waited an unbelievable 50 minutes for our food, which - if your waitress stops by, checks in with you, apologizes, lets you know she knows you've been waiting - wouldn't have been nearly so bad. Still extremely annoying, sure, but forgiveable. Not this waitress - we had to call her over for every thing we needed. Serioulsy, not once did she just stop by to check on us. We had to call her over to place our drink order, ask for sugar for our tea, to place our food order, to get the check, everything. So by the time the food came, I had to scarf down my grilled apple teriyaki salmon brick in 5 minutes to make it back to work on time. That's it, Ra - you've lost another customer.
Unlike Cassandra, I love kids and brought 4 of my own to Joe's. We all loved it. Fresh tasty food, great outdoor seating and lost of room for the kids to play with all of those dogs etc. The ahi tuna was cooked right and the slaw on it was amazing. The french fries might be the best I have ever had. The Chocolate shake was good but a little too rich for my taste. My wife said that the Buffalo chicken sandwich she ate was the best chicken sandwich ever. Her ice tea was amazing. My eldest daughter had the grilled peanut butter and banana split which had chocolate chips, pineapple, strawberries and of course peanut butter that was very different but great! The only drawbacks were the sweet potato fires ( not bad but I have had much better) there was only one condiment and drink area and that was clear on the other side of the fairly large area of land and the lone garbage can was also quite far. The pluses obviously are the tasty fresh food and of course plenty of room for kids to play and bother Cassandra.
The obsession started about 2 yrs ago and I haven't looked back since...Started with getting them catered for lunch, then a trip here or there to the restaurant. SO. GOOD. The bread is amazing, but the love, sweat, tears and what ever else they pop in there is addicting. Hmmm, now I am wondering what it is they put in there?? Anyway, I won't think too long and hard about that one. But tomorrow I'm definitely heading back for the Vermonter, gotta feed the addiction.
Blue Martini hosts "Take The Stage And Be The Lead Singer Of The Band" on Monday Nights. Usually there is a band that sings top 40 but on Monday nights anyone can go up there and sing. My friend loves karaoke and was dying to get up on stage and have her moment so I went for moral support. BTW she rocked! Most bars are dead on a Monday so I was surprised that there was a decent crowd here. No cougars in sight the whole night! The drinks specials aren't that great but you can get $7 specialty martini's or if you go with a group of people you can split a bottle of vodka for $100.
Love the idea - vegan Mexican. Have tried to eat there twice. Both times checked their FB page for hours, both times they were closed. Called their phone number, no one answered. No sign, no explanation on FB. Pathetic.
Happy hour was hopping today, unlike last week.  Bartender Ryan wasn't there, but no worries, as Stefan was just as able and gracious.  I selected the cab to go with the RF "Big Ass Burger," even though I wanted to try the zin.  Did I choose wrong?  I'll try the zin next time.Since I enjoyed the chile-pistachio bread last week, I asked if I could have the commercially-made burger bun swapped out with the new-recipe chile-pecan bread.  No problem.  Ordered it medium, no pickles.  By the time I had thought to take photos of the burger (I was starving so I dug right in!), the scene was a mess!  From the very first slice, the longhorn cheddar-topped patty crumbled into many pieces- I kept wishing I had a spoon to scoop them up!  No matter, as it was still a wonderful meal- loved the smoked bacon, and the chipotle mayo worked well both as a burger condiment and as a dip for the wonderfully crisp and seasoned fries (see photos).If only there are more happy hour meal selections (only two, excluding the salads) for me to enjoy.  Guess I'll be forced to try the Huckleberry bread pudding with creme anglaise and vanilla bean ice cream next time... woe is me ;)
I think its about time I wrote a formal review for this establishment, considering I have recently bestowed it as "My Favorite Restaurant" - that's a big title to carry. I often judge Mexican restaurants based solely on their chips and salsa and Gallo Blanco passes that test.  They have a delicious green tomatillo and smoky chipotle - as well as the typical hot sauce and fresh pico.  Their chunky guac is delish and summery, as they put orange slices in it. Although the chiccharon gets a lot of buzz (I think it taste like Cheez-Its), their best appetizer is the Elote - grilled corn-on-the-cob with cheese on it. It literally melts in your mouth! Oh, and it doesn't get stuck in your teeth like most corn-on-the-cobs tend to. The orange cake is AMAZING and reminds me of my beloved red velvet - except, you know, orange. I love everything about this restaurant - salsas, food, drinks, atmosphere, prices, entertainment (on Wednesday!) - they just need to get rid of that damn giant, ugly, silver air conditioning thing they have running through the bar.
A very tasty place for breakfast.  I strenuously object to any place that doesn't serve hash browns, but really that's my only complaint.  They have a ton of different omelets/scrambles (you choose) and you can make your own.  Example: spinach tomato sausage bacon with american cheese.  As a scramble.  With salsa.  The coffee is good (I hear from my wife) and the cinnamon roll is a real treat.  Not the best cinnamon roll ever in a million years but a good 8.5/10.  It is true that there can be a very long wait so plan ahead for sure.  You'll be waiting outside.  They grill their wheat toast-solid.
I am excited about this place, even though I have not had many opps to try northern style Chinese food.  Think dough, and don't mistakenly believe it's the same dough steam/cooked/fried/stuffed in different ways.  The kind owner lady proudly told me each of our 3 dishes was made w/ a unique dough recipe... At first I was worried all the dough would overpower my tastebuds, until I asked for some dipping sauce... they kindly made me a black vinegar, ginger, and scallion sauce... that just upleveled everything.  Who knows if it's traditional or not, but I implored the owner to start dishing this out when Americans like me (smiley face) come over and eat.The off-menu items are written on a small whiteboard sitting atop the freezer stuffed w/ to-go dumplings... luckily the folks there speak English, so I'll be working my way thru this secret menu and who knows.. this might go 5 stars!SW corner of Ray and Alma School, next to the JCC.
Been to the Rose and Crown a couple of times now and have sampled some food. They have an extensive beer selection, including Sessions. It's an American lager. Very tasty! They also have Carlsberg, which I am told is the Bud Light of Europe. I still love it! The french fries are the TITS! They are so good I was unashamedly eating them off of someone else's plate without asking. I have had the Reuben and was uninspired. The corned beef was good, but overall just lacking. I guess that is what I get for getting a Jew sandwich at an Irish pub. The decor is cool! There are futbol kits and scarves along the walls. Ya know soccer? Wonder if they show games there on the weekends? Do they have TVs? Oh well. The place is a little small, but quaint. They do have a nice patio that has ample space. Cool place to hang out on a spring night. I think they had live music too.
So I'm apparently oblivious to the fact that anything with the name Joe is owned by the same person.  Luckily for me, I wasn't stupid enough to order bbq pork again.  Joe's Farm Grill is a pretty cool concept and probably the only decent place to eat on this side of the 202 (since Mobsters INC closed, at least).  There are enough review here that clearly he is doing something right.  Suburbanites love to feel like they don't live in a city and, I'm sure, love the idea of a restaurant with picnic tables and trees.  They must because the place was a freaking day care when we went, with snotty brats running all around and climbing on everything.Anyways, back to the food.  I ordered a BBQ Bacon Burger.  I didn't bother to specify how I wanted it cooked and it was, surprisingly, cooked to a decent medium-well.  I subbed some sweet potato fries with it and they were pretty good.  Little more pepper would have made them great but oh well.  The wife had wanted to sub the veggie fries with hers but they made us order a side of them.  That side was literally 3 pounds of fried veggies and was way too much for any human to consume.  They weren't really my thing but the wife enjoyed.This place does a lot of things well but they suffer from a lot of the logistical problems that Joe's BBQ does.  The line is better and it keeps people from getting backed up but they seem to run out of menus quickly.  People grab them, carry them in line, and leave them at the window.  As a result, there are no menus left when people walk in.  I refilled the thing twice while I was standing in line.  Also, the condiment/drink counter is outside and all in a row right by the door into the restaurant.  These weird clusters of people trying to get a drink or some sauce develop and creates an obstacle course for people going in and out of the restaurant.  This leads me to my final problem - the indoor pickup window.  While the summer is long and hot (and I'm sure leads to a lot of people usually sitting inside), the day we went had tons of people sitting outside.  When their buzzers went off, they had to go inside to pickup the food.  The single door seemed to be all sorts of hazardous for people going in to get food and people coming out with food.  Finally, and I know this sounds stupid, but the trash can outside has the smallest opening ever.  You cannot actually stick your plastic basket inside the trash can and turn it over to dump your food out.  You have to pick the stuff up out of the basket and throw it away with your hands.  I just finished my meal, cleaned my hands, and now I have to wash them again because I had to handle a greasy, sauce-covered piece of paper to throw it away.I know this sounds nitpicky but it turned what would normally be a 4-star peaceful lunchtime experience into a logistically stressful nightmare for me.  When you make it hard for me to get in and out with my food, it makes me feel like you don't want me there.  I know they are going to read this and I know they are going to dismiss it just like my gripes about Joe's BBQ but do me a favor, when you build your next restaurant, hire someone with a degree in urban planning to help with the layout instead of just cramming things wherever you think they will fit.
This is a great place for grilled cheese and tomato soup.  They also have a great selection of beers on tap.  Parking is hit or miss, but you can't miss a cute house that has been converted to a great gastropub.  Always a friendly face and you will always run into good folks.
I have visited Tokyo Stop twice now for an a-ok lunch. There's nothing really bad about Tokyo Stop, but it just hasn't blown my socks off. On my first visit I had the bulgogi plate. It was HUGE. Full of hot marinated beef and a large serving of white rice. I've had bulgogi several times before and this bulgogi is a-ok. Again, not the best I have had, but not bad! I poured Sriracha all over it and I was a happy girl! The second time I visited, I ordered the teriyaki chicken combo. Again, another a-ok dish. Nothing fancy! The prices for each dishs is VERY reasonable. I don't think I've paid over $7 for anything.I would most certainly visit Tokyo Stop again. They offer a solid lunch at reasonable prices.
Love this place. Quaint.  Nice owners.  The meatloaf is fantastic.  Reminds me a little of home in Mn.  .. . old house.
Strolled in with a posse of 14 people for a birthday party. The staff was accommodating in getting everyone seated and served with drinks, especially as people funneled on in throughout the night.  The place isn't huge, it can really only accommodate one large party at a time.First off, if you are a vegetarian or Muslim, be aware that you are going to an authentic italian restaurant - meaning that 75% of their menu items will have sausage/ham/salami/etc. Being cognizant of that, it was a smart idea to peak at the menu before arriving. We got the Vegetariana Pizza ($14), which came with Mozzarella, Provolone, Caramelized Onions, Roasted Peppers, and Parmigiano Reggiano. I thought it tasted great, it was crispy, thin-crust and had plenty of cheesy to it. I thought it was an above average pizza, but nothing that would have impressed Emeril.In addition to the pizza, we split the Spiedini al Forno ($16), which was Marinated Beef Tenderloin in a Shish Kabob style with Onions, Bell Peppers & Tomato. The waitress advised us in ordering the beef "medium" and no higher because it may get too dry or overcooked. I don't usually do medium, but she advised us correctly. It came out with only a little bit of redness and packed a good flavor. The onions, bell peppers and tomato are Kim Kardashian, meaning that they are all show and no substance. I didn't think they added anything to the entree and in fact, I didn't even eat them - which is rare for me to pass up on food. It wasn't like I was full, they just tasted bland.For dessert, they brought the birthday boy a Dolce Della Casa ($12), which is a slightly charred sweet calzone filled with chocolate hazelnut sauce and topped with bananas and vanilla ice cream. Everyone shared and It hit the spot. However, once the ice cream runs out, you're outta luck. The dessert is really complemented with the sweetness and coldness of the vanilla ice cream. The environment was kinda noisy (probably because we were a group of 14), and the wait staff was kinda slow (once again, because there were 14 of us), but they had a TV playing the knicks game so I was happy being able to watch LINSANITY, and the woodfire oven was blazing away for some good ambience. Overall, this place would be much better for a date or small group gatherings, otherwise you may be waiting for your food too long or feel a little crowded. Oh and just beware, the bill can become a little pricey if you aren't splitting entrees....
Two words for you. Mouth.  OrgasmWifey and I decided to eat here for our 5 year wedding anniversary. I have to say this is one of the best meals I've ever eaten, hands down. We bought a Restaurant.com gift certificate that cost $10.00 for a $50.00 Gift Certificate. They also have half priced bottles of wine on Friday nights as well.I went with the 5 course menu. I chose 2 of the dishes, and let the chef pick the other three. We started out with the Crudo Cheese plate that was phenomenal! It had goat cheese, goat feta, goat mozarella (sooo good), cherry compote, roasted dates, tomatoes, cured lamb jerky, smoked olives and truffles with toast. If that doesn't give you a food stiffy, your not human. The first dish I had, which was one I picked, was the butterfish crudo. It was served with oven roasted tomatoes and lardo with some sort of escebeche type sauce, hands down my favorite plate in Phoenix right now. Holey cow! Next, I had the albacore crudo with truffles, apples, black garlic and pepper. Another amazing dish. My next dish was one the chef selected as well, it was their Japanese Fish Market Special. I don't recall the type of fish, but it was good. I felt bad for this plate though, it had to follow some illlll dishes. The 4th course I had was the mushroom gratin. It had hen of the woods, crimini, potato and was topped with an egg. I felt it was just too much, a little clunky. That's probably just my taste though, there was nothing wrong with the execution of the dish. I finished with the roasted veal served with parmesan creamy polenta. Friggin amazing, I wanted to whisper sweet nothing into it's ear and smack it on the boohiney.  We went with a great bottle of Nebbiolo, that was exceptional. The service was excellent. At first I was kind of weirded out with the restaurant being inside a retail shop, but we moved to one of the high top tables and it felt more like a quaint little cafe. What a great meal, fargin amazing!!  Pics to come
This was stop numero uno on our group's light rail bar crawl.  None of us had ever been there before so we were excited to see what this place was all about.Situated about a 10ish minute walk from the light rail station, it is a nice walk through a part of town where I wouldn't normally be.  You wouldn't think this place is a brewery because of its small size but it is.  The inside is very quaint and taverny.  It has a very relaxed vibe going on.I ordered the sampler and all their beers are pretty decent.  I decided on the Amber for my pint, but they were all good so it was a difficult decision.  Not bad for a little local brewery at all.  For a quick bite before we moved on we ordered the calamari and the bratwurst splitter.  The calamari was pretty standard and the aioli had a nice kick to it.  The bratwurst was excellent and unique.  Each was perfect to split among 4 people.  The rest of their menu looked good but is pretty much typical bar food.  Well probably a bit better than average bar food.  Anyway, it is perfect food for the place and looking back we should have probably eaten dinner there instead of only an appetizer.Pro Tip:  Cross over to the north side of the street at the light as soon as you exit the light rail station.  Otherwise you will be dodging traffic as you try to cross because the place is located on the other side of the street far from another crosswalk.Anyway, I would like to come back for a few beers and food.  I would also like to do the brewery tour.
Q: How many people and how many minutes does it take to make a "toasty" sub?A: At Quiznos?  A LOT.The food is decent, especially the tuna melt, and $5 for a large is a great deal.  But this place is SO incredibly slow, every time I go there I swear it's the last time.  Alas, living across the street from it I have caved and gone back a few times...  But seriously, don't come here if you've got groceries in the trunk, kids waiting in the car, or anywhere you need to be in the next hour.  Also: I can't stand the oregano powder crap they dump on every sub.  Come on, Quiznos, there's gotta be a better-tasting distinctive touch.  I always tell them to leave this stuff off, and half the time they put it on anyway. FYI - once the sandwich is out of the toasting machine, toppings are available by request only.  No one's gonna ask what you want on it like at Subway.  You really have to speak up if you want onions, olives, or whatever else they've got hiding back there.Please God grant me the willpower to stop coming back to this Quiznos!!!!!!
How can anyone not give these guys a 5 star?  Cafe Rio invented the sweet pork burrito and nobody...and I mean NOBODY can do it better.  I moved here a year ago from Utah where Cafe Rios are as abundant as Micky Dees .... and I was so happy to see the Cafe Rio sign.  I eat there to much.  Its a 30 min drive to get there from where I live, but I love that I don't ever have to wait in line as long as I did when eating at the Utah ones...Let me help you with what to order:  No serious if you are reading this...go there TODAY and order this - Sweet pork burrito with black beans, hot sauce, enchilada style with pico and guac ... no lettuce (unless you like lettuce ... I don't)
I've heard way good stuff about this place for a while and finally had the pleasure of sitting down and having some lunch there.Thoughts: Staff was friendly and quick, nice place, very clean and some hi-tops and lots of tables and outdoor seating as well.Chicken salad bagel sandwich wasn't too bad at all, except for the nuts in it - I'd probably eat it again however.  Had a tomato basil bagel toasted with it... yum!  I'm wanting to go back to try different menu items now :)
Wait a second...I have not written a review!  This is nuts!!!!!Anyways...I adore this place.  LGO and the pizzeria are my favorite places in the world...lol...I am here at least 4-6 times per week.  It is nuts!  Anyways..the reason I am here all the time is because it is FABULOUS!!!!  This place can never go wrong!  The orange and fennel salad it amazing!  It is the perfect mix and each bite and a delight in your mouth and to your taste buds!  I often get this salad through out the week.  I love the kale and quinoa salad too!  It is my go to salad.  I am obsessed with the avocado pizza with prosciutto and goat cheese and the roasted corn pizza with prosciutto.  I wish I could get enough but I cannot!  The ambiance is awesome! Mr.Lynn is a genius and made this place so welcoming and open.  I love how its so laid back and romantic at the same time.  The parking is difficult, but you expect that since it is so popular!  Now the Peanut Butter Pie!!!  OMG OMG OMG!!  There are no words...it is DELICIOUS!!  I try to refuse every time but I cannot.  I really enjoy the sangria.  The wine selection is great!  I just love this place!!!!
Our dinner club ended up at Maizie's this month after the other pick was closed.... we lucked out! We were unknowingly there on $3 burger Monday, so pretty much everyone ordered the burger. They had told us the wait would be short, 15-20 minutes. It ended up being about 45 min, which was a little frustrating. But our waiter was awsome and fast and we received our food very quickly. I think us ravenous girls had a turnaround of about 30 minutes once seated. First I have to give homage to their fries... Both the regular and sweet potato are excellent. Well seasoned, with potato skins, and a nice balance of crispy and soft. Their chipotle dipping sauce is reminiscent of the yummy sauce at Delux. I got a basic burger with cheddar cheese - it was cooked perfectly to order and tasted great. Total bill: $5.00 ($3 burger + $1 cheese +$1 fries= amazing deal!)My friend's salad was huge and delicious looking with all kinds of good stuff on it. I want to go back and try a salad, and maybe pizza and sangria night (Tues & Wed) or, ooh, one of their stuffed burgers. I think I'll be back a few times...
Southern hospitality? Yes ma'am (or Mister)  :)The first thing that struck me was that my server had a lovely accent. My daughter looked at me & asked me if it was part of her job to fake an accent,,,, I went with no. I'm not sure where it's from, but it's a 'honey & y'all' accent :D She had a very friendly disposition & made our lunch experience a pleasure. She made her mama proud. The food was decent AND you can have breakfast all day. I love having breakfast for dinner, so that's a big selling point to me :)The building is fairly new, not too brightly lit & clean. In all honesty I would have given them an A OK rating, 3 stars, but our server pushed them to a 'yay! I'm a fan', 4 star rating. Good people make the difference!
I think for my sesquicentennial review, I've gotten to a point where I'm letting the food direct the show of stars. Sure, we have the servers and cooks as producers, the location as our stage, lighting, sound and supporting staff. But the meal, ah, that is our celebrated lead actor. Without it, all other pieces may paint a pretty picture, but what good is a painting when it medium is missing? The Mission really delivers its lines well. Almost too well. Like Dakota Fanning well. Each plate has a spectrum of flavors--bold and smoky with subtle and delicate undertones of fresh herbs. Each dish is skillfully plated and ready for its closeup. My steak tacos were so intensely flavored, I didn't really dwell on the fact there were but three petite tortilla shells mounded with strips of magnificently grilled flank steak and slices of fresh avocado. And the papas y chorizo, which I ordered as an accompaniment, helped balance the palate yet was still a strong item on its own. Robert M's pozole was as unique as it was flavorful, delicious, satisfying and, ironically, humble. The bread pudding he ordered at the end of meal was, according to him, a premature ejaculation. Apparently, that means it was good, so I'll take his word for that. Those who joined us for this meal seemed to share some of the enthusiasm over the dessert, but I don't eat sweets so will have to believe their accolades worthy. What, pray tell, denies The Mission of the much clamored five-star rating? Primarily, it's the associated fees. On one hand, I was blown away by the sensuous flavors apparent in every edible item. On the other hand, I was blown away upon seeing the bill (especially since I had nothing but water to drink). Does one negate the other? Perhaps. Am I at a place in my life where such a statement rings true? Not necessarily. While my initial response was, I wouldn't likely return to The Mission if it was my decision, I confess that I would, willingly, give myself back to The Mission if only for the sublime sins of doting on sustenance.
I am in love.  This restaurant does everything a good restaurant should.  Ambiance, service and product were good.  The only disappointment I had was with the hour wait on the Monday we went without a reservation.My party of four had an excellent time celebrating a birthday.  Two had the short ribs.  Tender to a fault, served with delicious Bar-B-Que sauce and pecan grits.  One had the fillet with a spicy aioli and delicious potatoes.My meal was a huge pork chop, stuffed with Maytag bleu on a ancho bread pudding.  For an app I split the chop salad.  It deserves special mention and I do recommend it, but it is not a sustaining salad, more of a amuse-bouche.  For dessert we split the peanut-butter cheese cake, delicious.The beverages deserve some mention.  The wine list is this restaurants' only fault, it is tooooo long.  There is a smaller, delicious by-the-glass selection.  The beer selection is well crafted.  I had two of my favorite beers, Dogfishhead Chicory Stout, something I had only had by bottle, wonderful.I normally don't like high-priced eateries b/c there is often a lack of creativity, Cowboy Ciao doesn't disappoint.  Recommended over any Capital Griller or Flemmingsery for creativity and value for dollar.
OK, I went based on Tim C.'s Yelp review of this place, and I am so glad I did. I rode my bike up there around 1PM Wednesday afternoon, and I have to say I was not disappointed. Even though it was hot out, the outdoor table was surprisingly cool and comfortable. I got an iced soy latte and it was so good. I don't know how to explain it, but there is great tasting espresso and there is bland espresso. This place just has great tasting espresso. I found out while I was there that Ted (the guy who made it) had roasted the beans himself. You can buy the beans from them if you are one of those industrious people who grind and brew your own espresso drinks...I am not. I prefer to leave that to the professionals.  He actually ground the espresso when I ordered my drink. If you get the chance please go see what I am talking about. You will notice how much better the espresso is.The place itself is so beautiful and relaxing. If you sit outside like I did, you are basically sitting in a big outdoor garden. It is kept cool by the overhead canopy and the swamp cooler air blowing out from inside the coffee shop. Ted was really friendly, I felt comfortable just hanging out for a while reading my book. Unfortunately, the coffee shop closes at 2 PM, otherwise I bet it would be beautiful at night. This place definitely looks like something that would be in a cool little town somewhere, and  not off of a busy street like Hayden Rd. Ted also told me he makes the lemonade himself fresh squeezed, something I love and will definitely try. When I go back, I think I will go a bit earlier.  I may do a bit of plant shopping as well while I am there...Bottom line: Great atmosphere, drinks, and service!
Let me qualify my review by stating that I have not been to Butter & Me.  I have had their yummy mini cupcakes at a Yelp event.I tried the red velvet mini cupcake.  It was really good.  Moist and flavorful with a rich creamy frosting.  Yum.  I chased it with few sips of Cruz tequila.  Hey, it was in my other hand.I also tried a chocolate mini cupcake.  Yummy.  Again, moist and delicious.  I don't know how they keep the mini ones from drying out.  When I make mini muffins at home they dry out easily (that is if any survive the first half hour...the survival rate for any kind of pastry in my vicinity is exceedingly low).I also garnered a few extra cupcakes to take back to my wife and a friend and score points.  Mini cupcakes=brownie points.
I consistently enjoy Chelsea's Kitchen, even in uncomfortable circumstances (long story). This last time was no exception.We started with "white" sangria, which none of us had heard of before, despite prior visits. The "white" is a pinot grigio so it was an easy decision to order the pitcher. The sangria was delightful - we didn't quite finish the wine, but the pitcher-ful of fruit was polished off.My swordfish tacos were delicious and filling. My friend's fried chicken (a special) was good but a bit dry. I suggested gelato after dinner; no one had room.Service was a bit inattentive. The table seated after us received menus, waters and had their order taken before we had a server approach the table. After the first server, another seemed to take over and things got better.The atmosphere at Chelsea's is good, as others have pointed out. It's a great place to hang out. The setting is beautiful. I will return.
Treachery! Seek it out:Let me begin this review by saying that mine is not an indictment on this particular location but on every single P.F. Chang's I've had the misfortune of being dragged to.P.F. Chang's is effectively the Cheesecake Factory of bad Chinese food, with the disadvantage of not being as capable of delivering passable food. They bill themselves as a "gourmet" Asian experience, which is a bit of a laugh when they turn around and sell you their equally horrible frozen entrées right from the convenience of your local Wal-Mart. Everything is bland, overcooked, and ridiculously priced. Once you've paid nearly $14 for their "orange peel chicken", you may privately hope to yourself that they might have the audacity to include some fried rice. This is your second mistake. Sadly, the bistro calls you on your bullshit. You get white or brown--fried rice is several dollars extra and not at all worth it.Everything seems to be cooked just wrong--things that shouldn't be are too crispy, things that should be sauced are too dry, things that should taste good make you question the will of the gods, all the while you find there's no way to escape the treachery.Things get more and more frustrating as you dig deeper: P.F. Changs, while sounding vaguely Asian, is a wholly American creation. It was founded by Paul Fleming (in Scottsdale, actually) with SOMEone with some Asian influence to spice it up a bit, named Philip Chiang. (They literally cut out the poor bastard's "i" so that it would "fit on the signs better," or, as I like to believe, not scare away the flyover-states-white-folk so.) It's highly Americanized (and yes, I've had Chinese food in China, but I've also enjoyed great "American Chinese" food here) to the point of regrettable blandness and it is SO VERY EXPENSIVE you may find your credit score taking a ding after eating a plate of "wok charred beef", listed as one of the saltiest foods in America.The decoration is clumsy and their famous inclusion of terra cotta warriors are literally symbols of death. From Jennifer 8 Lee's Fortune Cookie Chronicles:'But not everyone finds the terra-cotta warriors charming. "Chinese people would never put that in a restuarant," Jim told me, pointing at the statues. "It's not lucky. It's something you put at a burial site! But in America, they think it's a Chinese thing." From a Chinese perspective, P.F. Changs is decorated with death.'Which is just fine, because everything there tastes like death anyway.
I worked here when I was 20 and I couldnt fully appreciate what they have to offer.Its unfortunate I didnt take advantage of my 30% employee discount, but I was poor since I worked there. I really enjoy this place now, the dining room tables are the best buy ever! I was shopping fore like 5 months for a table with bench seats instead of chairs. Then I remembered how many Cost Plus had.I went in and they have 4 different kinds for 199.00I dont know if you have been bench shopping lately but I find them ion the price range of 700-1200.I liked a lot of the tables but they didnt match my style so got a table somewhere else and bought the benches here. They also have walkers shortbread cookies on sale all the time. Ok the ingredients on that: Butter, sugar, flour, saltSooo GooodBut yeah great buys on tables, but they have midget couches.They are for like a childrens playroom.
Wow, what a blast from the past!  I hadn't eaten at a Sizzler since it was popular in '80s, so when we saw that they opened up again where Taco Tote used to be, we had to go and check it out!When we walked in, it was like reliving my childhood, when we went to Sizzler as a special dinner, to gorge on the salad buffet and the unlimited fried shrimp.  Seeing that the salad bar itself was $8.99, and that for only a dollar more I could get a half dozen of fried shrimp, I figured I might as well!  The shrimp comes with your choice of side: either some incarnation of potato (fries, baked, etc.) or veggie (Such as steamed broccoli).  The shrimp looked just how they did in the '80s, pounded then battered and fried.  They were decent, nothing too special, but not bad.The salad bar has various salad greens, toppings, and dressings to choose from.  There's also an area with cold shrimp and halved avocados.  I was excited to see that they had such high quality items, but unfortunately the execution was something left to be desired.  The shrimp was deheaded, but whole, so if you wanted de-veined shrimp you had to de-vein them on your own.  The shrimp was also overcooked, and a bit tough as a result.  The avocado was a nice touch, but unfortunately many of them were slightly under ripe, so they tasted a little sponge-like rather than creamy.The hot foods section along the corner area of the buffet has items such as buffalo wings, meatballs in marinara sauce, and a taco bar.  There are also desserts here, like brownies, bread pudding, and soft serve ice cream with various toppings to choose from.  The taco bar was probably the best part of the hot bar.  There are various outer shells to choose from (Tostada, hard taco shell, soft tortilla, taco salad bowls), 2 meats (Ground beef and carnitas), and veggies (Such as pico de gallo, jalapenos, guacamole, cheese, lettuce).  There's also gooey nacho cheese and refried beans at the counter.  The carnitas was probably the best out of all the taco toppings.  It was slow cooked, and had a rich, deep smoky flavor.  Service was good, drinks were refilled and dirty plates were removed as needed.  One thing to note is that you cannot add tip to your receipt since you pay for your meal first, and then sit down, so cash will help for tipping your waiter!
Let me preface this review by saying that for the past 2 years I have lived in Boston, which has some decent Chinese restaurants, great food, but rude/curt/abrupt service. I had learned to keep my head down, not make eye contact and not ask any questions. Eat as fast as possible and get the hell out before someone starts yelling at you!So understandably my guard was up when I entered Mu Shu Asian Grill. However, complete opposite here. Mr Mu Shu welcomed me to his establishment, asked me if I had ever been here before and took the time to explain the stir fry/salad bar station.I was in the mood for Mu Shu, and a place named Mu Shu must have great Mu Shu, right? Mr MS described to me his version of MS, I heard him say something about a burrito, but I really wasn't paying too much attention as I smugly thought I knew everything there was to know about Mu Shu! Boy was I wrong! When I get it, it's bigger than my forearm. It's packed full of shrimp, veggies and fried rice. Wow, what a great flavour!You've heard of Asian fusion? This is Mexasian!
Good food, good service, good price, shitty location.I had the carne asada plate which came with guac, beans, and corn tortillas.  The tortillas were amazing, the carne asada was above average, as were the beans.  Unfortunately, as good as it was, it's still Mexican food.  Not that I have anything against Mexican food, it just, for the most part, all tastes similar.  Nothing really stood out as AMAZING.  If I'm in the area (god forbid), I'll def. eat there again, but I'm not going to drive from the E. Valley to go here.  Bonus points for having 7-Up in a bottle, made with sugar.
Wow! This newly opened little food shop in the Mekong Plaza is fantastic. Very authentic Hue Food. Although I'm not a Vietnamese, I have been to Hue in Vietnam and had their famous Bun Bo Hue. Must say that this store was very close to the authentic Bun Bo Hue. The pork hock and the other meat used was very tender, the noodle was perfect. The broth is lightly flavored so that you can use the Shrimp Paste for those who like it a bit more salty. The veggie was very generous.The Banh Beo was another neat Hue snack. It's a very thin rice cake snack which is steamed. You dip it in Fish Sauce. It was very nice and moist.Their menu is pretty limited as they only have about 6-7 items, but they are definitely featuring the best of hue to serve. Very impressed to see. There was a good crowd too, so lot's of people have been dying for some nice Hue food.Only thing to note is they were a bit disorganized the opening weekend as their register was not even working, and the service was a bit slow. I'm sure after a few weeks, this place will be running smoothly.
Wow... i don't think I've ever been in a more narrow place.. ever! but it was just perfect in ever way!!! They have tables along one side and a bar with tall stools along the other side... you can watch them make your food.... its like the food network... but live and you can smell it :) my coworker and i sat right in front of the oven... every time they would open the oven i would only get hungrier!! :) we could see all the fresh and yummy ingredients!! i had the Reuben (Pastrami, corned beef, homemade sauerkraut and Swiss with a side of 1000 island dressing) WOW... it was amazing... for their sauerkraut they use red cabbage... it was more sweet than bitter... and the crust of the pasty was flaky and buttery... so delicious!! and i honestly forgot how much i love corned beef! over all it was very rich... but great to share.... My Coworker had the Italian.. (pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, basil, tomatoes and marinara sauce) it looked great... he loved it... you could see the fresh basil and tomatoes... it smelled divine we didn't speak for a full 20 minutes... just barley loud enough mmmmmmmms and o-m-g this is amazing... said quietly to ourselves.... all of the employees were so outgoing and laid back at the same time... just really cool guys... i loved the atmosphere and the attitudes that filled this place... i cannot wait to come back!
How can I not show yelp love for the original fro yo shop that kept my addiction fulfilled in the early days of the fro yo phenomenon? Yes, that is what Golden Spoon is to me. When I first moved to Phoenix from college, I was coming from an area that was overloaded with frozen yogurt shops for the college girls who shared my love of the frozen treat. Unfortunately, Phoenix hadn't quite yet jumped on the bandwagon and so the only choice was Golden Spoon. To make matters worse, the only locations were north on Shea or South in Awatukee. So, since I was living in Old Town, the Shea location was typically my choice. I can say that I added several miles on my car very willingly to treat my taste buds to Golden Spoon. Yes, it was the closest shop to me but it's also creamy and completely delicious. The frozen yogurt is served by staff and comes in different sizes. You can choose from multiple toppings and it's just your "old fashioned" frozen yogurt shop. I'm using old fashioned very loosely in this sense, since frozen yogurt is anything but old fashioned, but with the self-serf trend, Golden Spoon is "old fashioned" compared to that. I don't visit Golden Spoon as often as I'd like anymore because it is still a bit of a drive, but anytime I'm in the area, I know just exactly where to stop for a sweet frozen treat!
The waiter got the drink wrong: "up" means served strained without ice, not on the rocks, but I was happy about the mistake, The Salmon melted in my mouth and the bread pudding made me fat for hours, but was so worth it.  Great atmosphere and none of our plates were empty when taken away.  I would definitely go back.  Good service, great food, fun atmosphere.  Great flexible hours on a Sunday.  GO !
We planned a happy hour here this past Fri night.  I had heard good things so I was really looking forward to some fun with good friends and good beer.  Unfortunately, I was drastically disappointed.  The service was absolutely terrible.  The question of "What do you have on tap?" should not be a difficult one to answer.  Our server didnt feel like answering and instead pointed to the menus with attitude as if we were making her night miserable.  Strike One.Our group quickly turned from 4 to 8.  When we turned to our server to assist us in relocating to a larger table, she told us we could look around if we wanted to, but she didnt think it was possible to accomodate a party of 8.  We asked about the upstairs and she told us there was a private party and no room.   A friend of mine went up anyways, to see a perfectly open table with 8 lovely chairs.  He asked the private party, which was paying the check and getting ready to leave, if they minded we sit at the other table.  Of course, they didnt care at all and we moved ourselves.Strike Two.Despite the bad attitude and completely unaccomodating service, we managed to rack up quite a bill between all of us.  I waited tables for four years and consider it a given with such a large party and hefty bill to offer separate checks.  Before we could even ask, the SINGLE check was dropped with 18% Gratuity added to it.       Stike Three.The food was average at best.  I've had better Potato Skins at TGI Fridays.  Its a shame, because this place is a $5 cab ride from my home and I really wanted to like it.  I will make the drive to Rula Bula over this place any day.
I'm a regular at Lux. Haven't reviewed it out of sheer laziness. And it's usually laziness that brings me here: when I have a major thingie to get done by Day B but I spent all of Day A at the office surfing the Internet instead of working on it, I pay the price with an all-nighter, which I like to start at Lux. (Damn them for not being open past 10). This is usually the story when anyone spots me here. I'll grab a small table for myself, plug in my laptop (free wifi), spread out my papers everywhere, then go up to the counter for a large and extremely delicious Velvet Latte. When it's done right, there's a perfect swirl of white cream that forms the shape of a leaf on the surface of the caramel-colored coffee. Mmm.Since I am ADD I take frequent breaks of course. Like every 3 minutes. Whenever I hear a strange piece of music I really like that I've never heard before (this happens often), I strain to catch part of the lyrics, stick it into Google, find the name of the band, stick it into iTunes and download it. I'm not making that up. Like half my music collection was created through this method. The last few bands I downloaded tracks from are... let me open up my iTunes... Kasabian, Feist, and the Detroit Cobras. I'm not even remotely hip enough to have heard of those before on my own.
Sam's Club is having a ground beef recall. Call the store for details.  I am just all about the FYI today! ;-)They said they sent paper and electronic mailers - but I did not get one. I just got lucky and happen to be returning the brown ground meat that I just bought.I am rarely able to find fresh ground meat or chicken here, but their roasts have always been fresh and very reasonable. I can get double the size here for the price I would pay (for a smaller one) at Fry's. And, if it is not quality meat, just return it for a 200% refund = one of the only reasons that I will try to get meat here. Although, for the hassle, it is really not worth it. Also, if for any reason you don't like the club itself, they will refund your membership. Look it up; it's on their website.They are trying - but be wary of the ground meat and chicken there. It is often not very fresh. But.... I can sometime find fresh ORGANIC produce here - nothing much really - last time it was spinach. It was really cheap however, and getting organics at wholesale prices is rare.
This is my favorite seafood place in Phoenix!!!! I have loved this place since it opened when I worked at Nordstrom years ago!  They have a great happy hour.  There are not many places that you can get a $5 cosmo, appletini, and lemon drop martinis...not many!!  They are not Grey Goose martini but they are delicious all the same!  They offer greta choices from their menu on their happy hour menu as well...of course they have a fabulous happy hour its because its the same owner as Roaring Fork and their happy hour is to die for...Anyways...their menu...The potstickers are just something different that you would not expect...and they are delicious!  I love the crab cake too!  A guilty pleasure is the bacon wrapped shrimp with goat cheese and the onion rings!! OMG!!  I cannot get enough of the lobster tacos too!!  I could just have the appetizers for dinner!  I do often!  Also, I love the Fuji Apple Salad because the candied walnuts just make you want more and more and more...the dressing just tops it all off...Now the entrees that I love are the Crab stuffed shrimp with the vinaigrette...It is FABULOUS!!  Of course...if you love lobster tail this is the place to get it!  You get two of them!  Now make sure that it is the right season because they are not cheap, but they are so worth it!The sides to get are the twice baked potatoes, truffled mac and cheese, and sauteed spinach!  They are fantastic!
This is your run-of-the-mill sports bar that caters to the not-so-blue-collar 30something crowd of Chandler.  The ambiance is nice, darker, big screen TVs everywhere... the waitresses are attractive (a staple at these types of places) and they are friendly and attentive... ours was on this very day.  It's Beer Week in AZ this week and they had just hosted a SanTan event (pub crawl) today as part of Beer Week, so they were understandably out of SanTan Devil's Ale and the place was quite quiet when we arrived at 5pm. We got seated at the patio where the have a nice little Bocce ball area and it was nice to enjoy the great Phx February weather.Alright, so we ordered burgers as we were both in the mood for a sizable piece of beef, hopefully topped with bacon and other yummies.  They did a pretty good job for being a sports bar, but not impressive. They claim their meat is fresh ground, though when that's the case, the patty has a different type of form and is less flat and compacted.. okay, maybe they grind it in the AM and then stockpile patties for the day.. that's fine.  The bacon (I ordered the #9 All Star - cheddar, bacon, beef) was lame... thin, a bit stale-tasting, and not crispy.  The cheese was fine.  I did like that the meat was char-broiled and so it has a good taste to it.  Also, the inside wasn't over cooked and the bread they served it on was kinda sweet and giant... tasty, actually.The sides were blaaaah.. cole slaw was really boring and had literally 3 ingredients (white cabbage, carrots, sugary mayo) something I would expect from Chili's or Denny's.Well, the burger hit the spot but the rest was plain and boring.  The Stella was not as cold as I prefer.  Our staff was very good.  So far, an OK place to visit, but a 4 star place is somewhere I will likely go out of my way to visit.. this didn't make the cut.
I still really love coming to LGO...especially to relax on their patio with some good food and good drink. I love that LGO sells Framboise and I love the hectic and busy atmosphere. HOWEVER, the time has come for me to drop a star. I am a regular fixture at LGO and lately have noticed that they seem to be running out of some of my favorite items on a regular basis. For example, the MJ Cookie...it is one of the few items that makes my mouth water at just the thought of it. It's like a brownie and cookie rolled into one. So heavenly. Unfortunately, LGO has been out of the MJ Cookie 4 out of my last 5 visits. And these visits are at all different times of the day/week. I know they get busy and I know a restaurant can run out, but it seems to happen so frequently and every time it's a big, BIG let down. And sadly, the cookie is not the only item that they run out of regularly. Lately, I've had a hard time finding the pre-made salads that I like too.My other issue just occurred and I cannot seem to pull myself out of the depression that it has caused. They no longer serve the green chile mac and cheese! Seriously. When I stopped in recently for lunch, I was so disappointed that this has been removed from the menu that I thought about walking out. I know that seems like a silly reaction to macaroni and cheese, but their green chile mac and cheese was by far one of the best items I found on their menu. Their sandwiches are tasty, but almost impossible to hold together. Their pizzas have great fresh ingredients, but always seem to be lacking something. And now this...no more mac and cheese. And they're always out of MJ cookies! It is a sad sad day at LGO. =(
I finally tried Spicy Pickle last week. I like the name and was intrigued about their menu. Paninis, soups, salads, pizzetas, nothing out of the ordinary. I had a half sandwich ( Sausalito Bandido?), half salad combo( Spinach salad). Food was fresh and good. The sandwich could have stand a little more meat, it was truly flat. The salad was crisp and dressing was on the side, which I appreciated.  On my way out I got a chocolate chip cookie that was OK. I love cookies and they have to be pretty bad for me not to like them. This one, I kid you not, must have had maybe 3-4 chocolate chips? So if you're craving chocolate, this is not the cookie for you.
Dear Weather & Coffee,I'm really sorry you had to close.  We had a lot of good times together.  Every time I came in, you always seemed really happy to see me... even though you knew me by the wrong name.  I may be Kelly to everyone else, but I'll always be Aubrey to you.
This place was just 'eh' to me!  I was just whelmed, not over or under!  The service at the bar leaves little to be desired!  I am not sure what it is about Scottsdale restaurants thinking they have to be snobby to people.  We ordered drinks from an un-friendly bartender and then waited another 20 minutes to even be acknowledged again!  The food was ok!  The bf had the berrimundi which he liked but wasn't wild about the side it came with.  I had the meatloaf, which was good.  The gravy and mashed potatoes had a great creamy flavor.  My sister had the lamb burger with fries that were cold and not very tasteful.  There is not much on the wine list either.I probably would not come back here because I dont think it was worth the hour wait for the crappy service at the bar.  I would rather venture down the road to Olive and Ivy.
Concept is great.  Stores are cool, but expensive.  Lunch was a bummer!  Ordered chicken salad sandwich and the tiny sandwich on a great roll with the tiniest amount of chicken salad was disappointing.  For that money I expected at least a regular sized sandwich.  Glad we tried it, but won't eat there again.
I've been back a few times since the last review but the most notable was to see DJ Z-Trip. He was awesome, no complaints there.Bar Smith though? They failed on so many levels. I got there sometime between 10:30 and 11:00 and there was about a 20 minute wait out front. Not the end of the world or anything but after finally getting in, there was a sea of bodies and another very long wait. About 50 people were lined up by the stair case waiting to get upstairs. There was a bouncer not allowing anyone up there until people would slowly trickle out. Why they put Z-Trip on the patio, I don't know. It's the size of a shoe box and was clearly to capacity before 11 PM. FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL!! I was in various lines roughly 50 minutes and still hadn't made it upstairs. Forget about stepping out of line to get a drink because you'd lose your place. The short of it is I paid for pre sale tickets, managed to get there at a decent time, and still had to wait close to an hour just to get in the same room as the guy. It was a total let down. At that point I was so ready to just walk out and ask for my money back. They clearly oversold the event and didn't give much thought about their patrons who paid money to see this DJ. They were going to fit every last body into that place if it killed them...and everyone else in there. After finally getting upstairs there were so many bodies, no one could move at all. It was a total clusterfuck. I finally made it to the back bar and stood in line for 10 minutes just to find out their card reader broke earlier in the night. Fantastic. No signs saying it was a cash bar, that would have been a nice gesture. Also, the bathrooms were downstairs, so forget about having to pee AT ALL during the 2+ hours you're there. If you had to go, you better hold it, otherwise you'd be waiting in line for another 30 minutes just to get back up. By the time Z-Trip came on, the sound was bass heavy and mildly distorted. I inched my way to various parts of the patio but the sound didn't get any better, so my partner and I said fuck it and went downstairs for the rest of the night. Thankfully they were playing his set downstairs and upstairs. At least people could move more easily downstairs. Plus the sound was better. And the bathrooms were actually accessible. Even at the end of the night, there were people standing in line waiting to get upstairs. Bar Smith gets a huge "F" as far as I'm concerned. I won't be back to this place for any headlining DJ. They obviously don't know how to run an event.
Not impressed and probably won't be back. I came for lunch and was immediately turned off by the lighting and décor. I sat down and began to peruse the menu when I saw "Ask server for bento box selection". I asked the server and he looked at me as though I had grown a third eye. He told me they didn't have bento boxes.. I showed him the menu to which he said "hmff that's weird". None of the lunch items on the menu struck my fancy so I ordered the lunch special. I got the chicken katsu, it was over fried, hard and dry. The accompanying mammas roll had an overwhelming mayo flavor. And guess what? It came in a bento box. There are a ton of great sushi spots in this area so Shogun really needs to step it up to be in line with their competition. (Thank God for Yasu's!)
My experience here was awesome from start to finish.  I was greeted by an extremely friendly, smiling man (I believe to be the owner) who helped me with my order decision, took my order, then asked me to "please, sit down, be at home".  Awesome.I inquired about the salad and asked if they put any feta on the salad (they don't), he followed up informing me the sauce they serve has dairy, but that he would substitute garlic sauce instead.... now this might not seem like much, but to someone who has food allergies like myself, having someone with intimate knowledge of the ingredients and the care to make sure they don't serve you anything that might not agree with you is really a blessing and gives you assurance when you eat there.  Huge bonus.I had a half chicken shawarma and  half gyros plate which came with hummous, salad, rice, cucumber (substituted instead of pita since I don't eat wheat... nice touch) and a side of garlic sauce.  I do not normally enjoy chicken shawarma, but he insisted I try.  Well, he was right, I will say now I love chicken shawarma, Aladdin's chicken shawarma.  Their gyros was awesome too.. homemade, not the typical Kronos Meat Cone variety.  I paid after my meal and was welcomed back with a handshake.  Service was awesome, food was awesome, and they were able to easily cater to my picky food needs.  A+!
This hole in the wall quite possible has the best Chinese food in Phoenix.Deffinitely the best Wor Won Ton soup and pork Egg Foo Young.Great for carry out and they have a large delivery area!
As much of a sweet tooth that i have (dark decadent chocolate is my weakness)..Toffee was never my thing ,never on my mind ..And then i sampled Goodytwo's toffee ..wowzer !Sweet and salty toffee is regoddamndiculously good ..seriously good !They have a toffee topped popcorn ..these gals are killing me ..oh ,oh the twozels sinfully delish magical pretzel mix with kettle corn ,nuts and chocolate .Listen ,you can't put a price on happiness ,ha ha Everyone i love is getting their stockings stuffed with a box of salty-sweet love from Goodytwo's.Nothing more delicious or sexy ,ya sexy then a salty sweet combo ..it is a heavenly pairing ..Goodytwo's has perfected this,worth every penny !Rock on ladies !
The classic example of why we need half stars.  Doesn't merit a four star endorsement but slightly better than the three star Meh.  The hot dogs are decent but you'd expect more due to the pedigree of the owners.  The place also doesn't feel well put together and like it's been neglected in recent times.
When I think of Richardson's, I feel warm and cozy inside.  I've been on several occasions and I love the atmosphere... I always have a good time at this hidden little gem of the city.The 'Cuisine of New Mexico' is unique... they are known for their green chile potato as well as several other pork dishes.  I usually go for the fish or seafood specials... they have a standard menu and then specials posted on chalk boards around the restaurant.Most recently I enjoyed the blackened scallop appetizer as my entree along with a huge house salad.  The scallops were a little bit salty but cooked just right.  They were served on a tortilla with rice, beans, and a yummy spicy sauce.  Their salads are really tasty, and many of the entree specials come with a starter salad.  I went with a group of 4 and we had a couple of bottles of wine and a plain pizza as an appetizer to share.  Needless to say, none of us had room for dessert!Be prepared for a crowd whenever you go, but enjoy your company and the people around you.  Call ahead and make a reservation if you can...  if you do have to wait, sit at the bar or by the fireplace; you can't complain once you have a drink in hand and the scent of the fire mixed with hot food and good energy.  I'll be back again soon, Richardson's!
I'm a huge fan of Grimaldi's Pizza.  The Better Half and I stopped in here for dinner and we had a huge appetite.....which is dangerous in a Pizza joint for me.I ordered:Caprese Salad - $7Personal Sized Pizza ($9) with:Sundried Tomatoes - $4Red Peppers - $4Ricotta Cheese - $2Mushrooms - $2Jalapenos - $2http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=DZ7xu0LF2IIg2_dI1c_CrAThe Better Half ordered a personal sized Pizza ($9) with:Pepperoni - $2Mushrooms - $2Feta Cheese - $2Basil - $2http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=1PaOTe8Ys9uJUP3u4DjHiQYeah, all toppings are al la carte here....so it's not cheap.  The Pizza was awesome!  I enjoyed every bite.  The combination of the sweet taste of Sun Dried Tomatoes combined with the spicy kick of Jalapenos mixed in with Ricotta, Mushrooms, and Red Peppers hit the spot!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=l4mZAt7mXpslp4LqexFy5gThe Better Half enjoyed her Pizza too.  Since I'm on my no Meat diet, I took her word for it....as much as I was tempted to give it a try, I resisted....maybe next time.To wash it down, she had 2 glasses of Brazin Zinfandel $8 ea, I had 2 O'douls $4 ea.  All in, the dinner was $72 before tip.Overall, it was a nice dinner.  I finished my food, she took home 1/2 of her Pizza.Return Factor - 100%
I finally tried out Valle Luna on Sunday.  I must say that the food is authentic and one of the better Mexican restaurants in the Valley.  The salsa and chips are homemade and simply tasty.  I had the fish tacos that were fried and came with cabbage and soft shells - delicious.The waitress that served me was attentive.  I must say that the seating did take a while and I was one of two people in line, hence no five star here.  The portions were decent, the tacos could have had more fish in them.Overall I am pleased with the restaurant and you will be too.
Me and my sis were greeted with a pleasant smile and I like the whole $5 part with the coke and fries. I dont really enjoy drinking soda but I'll take it anyway especially if its fruity, they have all the old school pop in cans Shasta and RC I should learn to take more pics but this place is cramped inside and I may be claustrophobic. I had the portabello mushroom burger see pic it had rice and all this other stuff that just kinda fell out all over the place it was super messy but pretty tasty. The fries are soggy which ordinarily we wouldnt eat but they were really good we couldnt stop eating them. We sat on the back patio and got checked on by I am assuming was the owner she asked how we liked it, was way nice I love the friendliness of the place we left hekka full and happy! Next time we go we will probably just share an order of fries though.
I've been a Da Vang devotee for years and wanted to try a new Vietnamese place tonight and Pho Thanh didn't fall short. In fact, I think I might like this place a little better than Da Vang, but I'll rotate between the two since they're both so good.First off, the portions are gigantic! The Bun bowl could easily serve two and I had tons of leftovers for lunch tomorrow. They use the fat rice noodles instead of the vermicelli, but I think it made the dish a little heartier and certainly easier to eat with chopsticks.Hubby had the Pho and the broth was amazing! Savory, a little salty, and the spices were perfect. Perfect to warm your bones on a rainy day.The restaurant was more of a cafe style than family sit down, but exceptionally clean and the service was great. There was quite a diverse crowd in there for a Sunday night and everyone's dishes looked fantastic.
Can someone please tell me why people go here???Went to breakfast with Deb L, and she had a Living Social deal or one of those deal thingies. The place was packed, probably because it's a holiday week.That doesn't excuse the EXTREMELY poor service. We sat down and waited. And waited. Servers walked by every few moments, nobody stopped to fill our water glasses or take our order. Finally, we both said something to a girl who walked by. She seems mystified that there was a job to do. With that many people working, getting a cup of coffee shouldn't take 15 minutes. Yes. 15 freaking minutes.Food? Mediocre at best. I got the traditional eggs benedict with home fries. The only saving grace with the amount of ham on it. The English muffin didn't seem to be toasted. The eggs were *ok* but nothing great. The home fries? My 9-year old niece could do a better job. My burps right now aren't even good enough to brag about.I'm sure if the service had been better, I wouldn't be so miserable right now. My food coma isn't satisfying. I will *never* go here again. Ever. I felt stupid leaving a tip, it was THAT bad. Total. Fail. Blech.
Located in the W Hotel in Old Town Scottsdale, this hipster hangout is always busy.  I recommend a reservation if you're planning to dine here.  The Better Half and I drop in here from time to time.  Since I don't eat Sushi, I order:Ji-Dori Chicken Skewers withTeriyaki Sauce - $10http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=x_60nAIMvJX9k_s9HAPiOAFilet Mignon wrapped Asparagus with Soy Mirin Sauce - $15http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=19cHPtx8ahwZTPC5xIARFQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=_4XhXTuYKQnypHmylm-mQgAnd for Dessert, a warm Chocolate Cake...yum!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=KoyBtoSTBrhM2dLD8zs_PAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=iKBiwthdGtENIqWfGK1V1AThe Chicken Skewers are very tasty.  The Teriyaki Sauce they are glazed are sweet and have the right amount of "sour" kick to it to balance the flavor.  The Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus is awesome...the Filet is tender and juicy and the Asparagus compliments it well.  Of course, the Chocolate Cake dessert is a nice ending for the meal.The service can be a bit slow at times, depends on the server.  Generally speaking, it's pretty good considering how busy they are.The people watching here is pretty good...watching all of the hipsters is hilarious.Return Factor - 93%
Great Italian food with portions designed to share.And it was a good thing our waiter brought that to our attention (he must have heard our comments on the prices).  We ordered 2 half portions and one full (lobster ravioli, a brick of lasagna, and something else I couldn't pronounce) and it was just enough for the 4 of us.  After the alcohol we even kept the bill under $100.  I would definately recommend this place, just be sure to bring a few friends and an appetite!
Now open on Saturdays!!!! Yes!!!!!
This was my first time visiting Tandoori Times.  After seeing it advertised on Groupon, I thought I'd give it a try.  My friend and I decided to go for lunch to celebrate her birthday.  It was very busy, which was promising.  The waitress was on her second day working there and was unfamiliar with the menu, but she was friendly.  The house salad was mediocre, the entree (Algoo Gobi) was delicious, but the desserts were AWFUL.  The "mango" ice cream was a neon orange and tasted nothing like mango, or any flavor of ice cream Id ever tasted actually (kinda vanilla, kinda puke).  YUCK.  The rice pudding was not worth eating either.  The worst part of the experience was being followed out into the parking lot, after leaving the Groupon and cash tip, to be told that we needed to come speak with management about not ordering at least $40 worth of food!  Really?  I told the waiter that we had spent just over $30, and we obviously didn't expect any cash back from the $40 Groupon.  He said his manager was "fussy" and wouldn't like it.  I basically told him that was too damn bad, and that I wasn't ordering $10 more in food; I was actually kinda saving them $10! He finally figured out what I was saying and left us alone.  I did end up calling the manager though, who was not pleased to hear about our experience with the dumb waiter. I don't foresee returning there.
When I say a certain food contains ingredients such as blue cheese and bacon, what comes to mind?No, I'm not talking about a salad, I'm talking about an ice cream sundae!Sweet Republic is an awesome little ice cream parlor located in a strip mall in Scottsdale, Arizona. This amazing place makes all their ice creams and sorbets in house. Sweet Republic makes some pretty creative flavors. These are just a few examples of what we sampled:Basil Lime SorbetSalted Butter CaramelApple PieDessert HoneyMaple PecanAlmond ButtercrunchCashew TurtleAll of these flavors were wonderful but there was one more that really got me all hot and bothered, and that was their Honey Blue Cheese. That's right, Blue Cheese ice cream. When I first saw it, I did not know what to think but after my first lick I was hooked. It tasted just like a sweet vanilla / honey ice cream with blue cheese crumbles mixed into it. I know it sounds weird but this ice cream is phenomenal. It was sweet, tangy and somewhat salty, all at the same time. Instead of just enjoying this ice cream alone I decided to make my own blue cheese sundae. They have many toppings to choose from, including bacon brittle. When all was said and done my creation contained two scoops of their Honey Blue Cheese ice cream topped with a salted caramel sauce, bacon brittle and a homemade marshmallow that was toasted with a blow torch. This sundae was exploding with flavor. Every bite was crunchy, salty, sweet, tangy and delicious. My fiancé had a waffle cone sundae that contained Salted Butter Caramel ice cream, Almond Buttercrunch ice cream, salted caramel sauce, brownie bites and a homemade marshmallow. Hers was also amazing.The service and prices here were both great. The girl working the night we visited allowed us to sample as many flavors as we wanted and was really friendly and patient with us. The prices here are similar to  Coldstone's. I'm absolutely in love with Sweet Republic and would seriously make a special trip to Scottsdale just to have their ice cream. I shouldn't be telling you all this, for fear that you all would think I'm a pig but I liked their Honey Blue Cheese ice cream so much that after I finished my sundae I ordered a Honey Blue Cheese milkshake to go. It was so yummy!
Great happy hour deals here! I loved the Cotija grilled corn and BBQ pork cheese crisp and was extremely jealous of my friend's order of the shrimp and corn cheese crisp that she enjoyed. Drinks were yummy and reasonable. I can't wait to come back to order that shrimp and corn cheese crisp and maybe some fresh guacamole.
I am really surprised by the previous reviews here. This has been at the airport for many years now.  There is a lot of other places for food, and this is one of the BEST!They have a huge menu, i think and you can even get breakfast.The prices have even gone down. You can get a full meal for under $6.00.That is a screaming deal at Sky Harbor airport. Hard to choose a favorite, but Chicken Delight is really good!! With red or green sause.  Their Salsa is excellent as well. We sometimes get it to go, when through with a trip for our journey home. Hey then you don't have to cook!
So, I have to admit that I once threw up in the Pita Jungle bathroom, but it was not Pita Jungle's fault - it was definitely something I ate the night before.  It certainly made for a memorable first date experience with my now husband, and we have been back many many times.Oh, how I love Pita Jungle.  I haven't tried anything that I wouldn't have again in a heartbeat - currently I am hooked on the Potato Pizza.  yummy!Their breakfast options are wonderful - definitely try it on a lazy Sunday morning.  There is usually no wait.The ambiance is fantastic, casual and arty, with a little bit of crunchy granola thrown in.A++ for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  Eat hummus and pita.  Try falafel.  Try anything on the menu, because it is all good.
I've gone back a few times since my last review. Every single experience has been fantastic! The burgers are pretty good, BUT do yourself a favor and get the pork tenderloin OMFG!!! Sooooo freaken amazing! Also their onion rings are pretty much perfect! And the fried cheese curd...just get it! I was a little creeped out eating something called cheese curd, but holy deliciousness!
I love this place. I sit in the bar and as one other reviewer noted, there is always someone interesting there to start up a conversation. The burgers are top dawg, the condiment bar allows me to fulfill my jalepeno quota, the wings are perfection, and the drinks are reasonable. When the weather is nice, grab a table outside. The service is a smidge slower, but the courtyard more than makes up for it. If the weather is warm settle in and enjoy whatever game they have playing (if you aren't seeing your team, just ask and they will happily turn at least one set for you).
Not good. The patio is top notch for relaxing if the weather's good but I couldn't shake that chain feeling when inside. Table and chairs had a slightly sticky feeling to them (nice, eh?). Food was typical pre-cooked, oven heated dollop of too much grease and cheese. Not impressed. It's a shame cause the garden and even the nachos & salsa had me expecting big things.
Some colleagues invited me for lunch the other day and decided to pick this place.  It was my first visit.  After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided to order the California Wrap (Spinach, Tomatoes, Avocado, Feta Cheese, Sun-Dried Tomato Vinaigrette Dressing, Tomato Basil Tortilla, $8.95) with a side of Cole Slaw & Iced Tea.I took one bite out of the California Wrap and was in Heaven!!!  The sweet flavor of Sun-Dried Tomato Vinaigrette Dressing was a perfect compliment to the Feta Cheese & Avocado....the Cole Slaw was amazing too!  What a great combo!The only knock on this experience is that the service was kind of slow.  We had to constantly look for our waiter....to order.....to ask for extra napkins.....to get refills....to get our check.  Maybe we caught him on a bad day?  Because I enjoyed my meal so much, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.Return Factor - 92%
It has been awhile since I have visited the Dubliner. The only reason I haven't frequented the place lately is because I don't live near them anymore so I can't just either walk home or call a cab for 5 min ride. However there drinks are strong and cheap! Either that or the bartender was being very friendly on the few times I have visited :) The food is not to shabby either. I mean you can't possibly mess up fish and chips. Hmm fish and chips. So go, check it out, but remember if you have too many, call a cab. Did I mention that their drinks are strong and cheap! #winwin!
What an awesome sushi place! I highly recommend How do You roll, if you want some sushi done quickly and freshly and without wait. what a novel idea. I want to thank the manager Amanda for taking good care of me, can't wait to come back again!
I'm being on the generous side in giving MEBAD (as I've seen others refer to this place) 4 stars...It's kind of a unique gem that you don't see anymore with the owner at the register and a slamming lunch business in addition to the grocery items for sale that are rare foods, snacks, and ingredients from the Middle East.  I suggested this place for lunch with Amy D today after reading about it on Yelp awhile back... so happy I finally made it there myself!As Amy said in her review, we shared the baba ganoush and hummus plate and we each ordered a Greek Salad.  The salad was decent but nothing special, but the baba and hummus with the whole wheat pita was so damn tasty that we didn't even leave a bite.The free cup of homemade daily lemonade was a perk and the owner was really sweet... and I really did like the flavor of it.  I happen to love lemonade!I'll for sure return to MEBAD when I'm in the area to try more from their menu... this is the kind of place you want people to know about since you can tell how much work the owner and staff put into it each day.  If you haven't been, stop by... maybe I'll see you there - but please don't ask me to share my baba ganoush and hummus with you - I'm ordering my own next time!
There are so many good things for me to say about this place that I have no idea where to begin.The ambiance is so amazing no matter what time of day you go. The small, intimate bar area (with quite a few pretty men!) is lovely on a sunny day out, while the tables inside are the perfect place for a romantic date. The menu is so great, carrying lots of new age food items (quinoa, black forbidden rice bowl, kale,and lots of dishes carrying local food items). It does make me very sad that they do not have a lot of vegetarian/vegan menu items. One time I tried to order the wood-fired vegetables and the waiter *swore* it was vegan. As soon as I tasted it I knew it had butter on it, and the waiter subsequently learned he had no idea what "vegan" meant. We ended up having to call a manager over.The cocktail menu is so interesting it's hard to decide what to get. My favorite is the Dark and Stormy, which has ginger beer. *the BEST* cocktail around IMO. Do not pass up dessert. The bananas foster is amazing! Not traditional but good in and of its own.
Asi-Asi ,Menza-Menza,Comme ci Comme ca...you get the jist .So -so ..(a solid so-so ).He liked the taco's ,i liked the steak salad ( it had a nice little kick to it) Service was good.The atmosphere just wasn't my cup of tea ,that said ,i can see why some people like it here .Drinks were solid,menu was decent .Good place to get hammered ,I suppose.I had a Pinneapple mind eraser that was ......
Huh. I guess it's a love it or hate kind of place. Me? I love it. But put butter on a shoe and I might just kiss you. Oh butter, is there anything you can't do? Is there?This is one of the high roller places in Scottsdale. I saw a guy take a wad of Benjis out of his pocket that seriously made me consider rolling him. But my boss might have objected. Damn boss.It's all about service and steak here. And I'm down with that. We had crab legs for an appetizer. Quite nice for a land-locked state. Fresh and tasty. A tomato salad with sharp onion that I enjoyed. And shared a porterhouse the size of my... yes. My ass. If one could give a nice slap to a porterhouse, this would be quite a spankable piece of meat. I love the way you can hear your steak coming to your table in all it's sizzling glory. The first thing to hit your nose is the lovely perfume of the butter. Chanel # Yum. Then that aroma of the meat. I know we had a couple of sides. But I honestly can't remember because the steak was so freaking perfect. To a corn-fed born and bred midwestern girl this is perfection. The service is near perfect too. Our waitress gave us a wine selection for the steak that was spot on. Not too tanic. Not too tame. Held up nicely against the butter and the porterhouse. At the end of the meal I was I nearly unable to move. And that says a whole lot. I've been known to out eat grown men without batting an eye. Oh, and if you don't like butter on your steak? Three words. "Hold the butter." May save you some pain.
My favorite thing about this place is the decor. It is crazy beautiful.I also like that you can get better than average bar food until late and there are so many places to sit, you'll never have an issue with waiting.Their food is okay, but nothing spectacular. I used to live in Arcadia, and I miss it every day. If I were to move back to Phoenix/Scottsdale- I would never even consider a different neighborhood. Across the board, it is the friendliest and most beautiful neighborhood in Maricopa County.That being said- The Vig represents the lame element of the neighborhood. People with too much money and bad taste. I think someone else called it "schmoozy" and that's exactly it!As a neighbor, we usually rode our bikes- so I can't speak to parking. Do they not still have the shuttle?Give me The Great Escape, JTs or Postinos any day.
I personally will never eat there again.The chips are actually amazing though, I would eat those a lot if it didnt require me stpping foot in the ultimate bro/slut restaurant.The food is gross, the tortillas are ok, I like the decor actually, but the employees are slutty (and by slutty I saw skirts soo short if they picked something off the floor you for sure would see vagina)Apparently the uniform is jean skirts and heels.This is the male glittery shirt wearing capitol of Scottsdale. The food sucks, dont eat here!
Service was great, and always an interesting time on a late Saturday night.
I'm sad to say that I wasn't in love with MacAlpine's.  The fact that the building has never been restored is cool, in a dirty kind of way.  The floors will never be clean enough, because they are so old.  That may seem ridiculous, but cleanliness is important to me when I'm eating somewhere.Our server was odd, but helpful and attentive.  We spent a good amount of time oogling the random items displayed throughout and were entertained with our surroundings.The food is where I saw the problem- my Mac Cheeseburger was bland and tasteless.  My broccoli and cheese soup was below average.  I wasn't impressed one bit.We ended up having dessert.  I opted for a single scoop of Chocolate Malt Krunch, which I'd never had before and didn't love (total personal preference as my friend loved it).  MacAlpine's is cool, but I think purely as a place to get something sweet.
I found Lisa G's while driving through phoenix with a friend. The exterior looked promising and we prepared ourselves for a treat. We were in for a a shock! We ordered the antipasto plate and while there were serious issues with it, it turned out to be the best thing we were served. I ordered the chicken rolatini (the special of the day) and it was just plain bad! The chicken was dry and under seasoned, the Rosemary potatoes were soggy  and the veggie medley  (squash, corn, green beans, etc.) was over cooked and the juices spilled over into the potatoes. It was one of the worst $17 meals that I have ever had! My friend ordered the veggie salad and it was one literal hot mess. Just horrible food! I see that others had the mini burgers and bowl of balls and found them to be tasty. I wish I had ordered those. As it is this is one place I would never revisit or recommend to a friend!
Great outdoor patio, couches, big bar, tables, great burgers, huge side of crunchy fries and they carry sweet tea vodka. Do not order the sangria, unless you like it super sweet. I don't, I'm sweet enough already.
Eh.It's alright. If you want to have a couple of drinks and watch chicks make complete fools of themselves on the mechanical bull, be my guest.  For food and other, don't bother.I suppose the crowd is a nice change of pace amongst Old Town's usual suspects but if you go expecting a bunch of cowboys (and cowgirls), best to turn around and go up north.  Somewhere.  Far.The food's crap, the service (at least the server we had) was nice but a little slow (or deaf? or on something?). I will give it 3 stars, 1 for crowd, 1 for entertainment, and 1 for just being different.  Word of advice, skip the nachos my friends.*** Edit: My boyfriend would probably give this place 5 stars for the music they play.  Lot's of rock, some heavy metal, old hair bands, and some new stuff mixed in there.  No Rap.I give it that much.  It was definitely good music.
Shortly after I wrote my 3 star review, Christopher contacted me. He was very apologetic about our experience and wished that we had enjoyed our meal more.  He immediately offered to refund us the cost of the meal because we weren't 100% satisfied.After discussing his offer with my friends, we decided to take a 50% refund.  Let me just say that I was personally a little uncomfortable with this because while I have received refund/free meal offers from other businesses in the past, I've never taken them up on it.  I don't think it's about the money and I certainly don't write reviews to elicit free meals.  However, since the 3 of us split the cost of the meal evenly, I felt that it would only be fair if I took my friends' suggestions into account. Anyway, the refund check arrived in the mail yesterday.  I decided to upgrade my review to 4 stars given the overall experience.  It's rare to find business owners who value their customers as much as Christopher.
the food is excellent but the waiters and waittresses need to get fired. some standouts on the menu are the hummus app, the greek platter (hummus, pita, and all that other stuff everyone knows but can't pronounce), the chicken wrap thing and the gigantor fruit salad. make sure you don't go on a friday night with a group of  8, otherwise you'll have to wait 45 minutes only to be sqozen into a table for 4.
I'm glad I made a second trip to Papago before writing a review, because they have redeemed themselves from my original visit. The problem with my first visit was two-fold: 1) The beers that were most interesting to me had run dry; 2) The food I ordered was pretty hard to grunt down. And although I sat at the bar with my compadre and tried to make conversation with the bartender about the different beers offered, it was fairly one-sided. I did not get a dose of craft beer expertise from what is arguably a brewpub that showcases a true love for beer.So regardless of the less-than-stellar first visit, I still was impressed with the selection of draft beer especially the regional offerings. The built-in beer coolers are also a testament to a great place to sample different labels. The one thing I must caution others against is the food. The steak sandwich I ordered (with special gardiniera) was pretty lousy. The beef had a precooked-then frozen-then reheated quality. The gardiniera was essentially all jalapeños and too fiery to eat... I had to scrape a fair amount of them off to make it edible. I had a good time drinking some decent beers with my friend, but we both regretted our food choice.My return visit restored my faith. The beer list was current and updated. There was a large variety of new draft beers to choose from, and my group ordered two pizzas. This place has delicious pizza! Our waiter was especially knowledgeable about the beers being offered and was able to help us choose especially interesting ones. I like the atmosphere and crowd at Papago and intend to return. But I will definitely stick to the pizza.
This place was the answer to my German grocery shopping dreams! I thank the Yelp community for leading me to Old Heidelberg. I was picking up a number of items for an Oktoberfest party I was cooking for and hosting at my house, and was able to fulfill most of my exotic German needs at this one stop. I picked up pumpernickel rye bread, authentic concentrated Maggi Würze seasoning (not the soy sauce-tasting stuff you find in most American grocery stores) and Knorr zwiebel-kräuter salat krönung. They also had lots of Knorr sauce mixes that you just can't find over here (for instance,  sauerbraten gravy).I stuck around for a few minutes to talk to the two women who ran the place (Andrea and Chris). I volunteered that I had lived in Germany for years, including Berlin and Bavaria.  They were totally friendly and even suggested some other places nearby that I could check out for German grub or rarer German beer selections. I promised I would be back... especially since I spotted that they had frozen leberknödel (liver dumplings). I made these once from scratch years ago but that was a lot of work. Knowing that they carry such delicacies has snagged me hook, line and sinker, as I am now destined to return and once again indulge my German food fantasies.
Oh Porter, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways... I had a, ah, as in just one, porter and was feelin' fine. And I was extremely glad to have the sweet potato fries instead of the regular ones with my sammie. Our waitress was pleasant, prompt and next time I'm going to ask to be seated outside or at a high top table. Our booth was great for chatting with my friend, but I like a little people watching at the pub!Now, if you are avoiding SunUp because you remember that there used to be something called  the Sonora Brewhouse in that same space.... You're in luck!! The brewmaster, Uva, is still there, still brewing his witches draught. But now, you won't get them confused with the Sonoran Brewing Co. in north Scottsdale. Hooray!
Barrio Cafe is a favorite of mine, the margarita's before you get seated are a must.  When in season the pomegranate guacamole is second to none.  A refreshing escape from the cookie cutter chain restaurants.  When you go go with friends and don't have a schedule as the wait can be long, but worth it.
In a sentence: Culinary Dropout is a foodie mecca with its plush and lux furnishings, amazing location in the heart of Scottsdale but away from the duche-ery of Old Town, on point entrees that range from classic to what I call contemporary chef-y food, and its trendy lil touches like dishtowels for nanpkins and placemat menus. After a short afternoon of shopping, I and the other Musketeers ventured into CD in search of yummy goodness... we weren't disappointed. We scarfed down the Pretzel and cheese fondue. Sorry, I can't remember the exact cheese used, but it tasted like cheez whiz without the nasty chemical aftertaste. Musketeer #1 had the Shrimp Po' Boy sammy and was overwhelmingly awesome! With its fresh baguette, crispy shrimp and cole slaw topping, this po boy claimed to have died several times. The fries were good, I'm sure they are awesome with the steak. Musketeer #2 had the truffle egg scramble. She said that it was good... not bad... but not terrific. We love the truffle, and this did deliver however... it just missed something... je ne sai quai... just something. I stole a bite and concurred... the low point in a overall great meal. and me, Miss Musketeer #3 had the coq a vin... a MUST! If that or braised short ribs are on the menu... they MUST be ordered! That's the rule my friends. My braised chicken was good, kind of on the sweet side, but over all very good, although the chicken did have an odd texture, it seemed to me that it could have used a few more hours in the oven. I think this is a dish best served before closing when all the flavors had their chance to really marry. We arrived at the top of dinner service and so the chicken was done... but barely.Musketeer #2 and I both NEEDED bread and butter, our cooler-than-thou waiter was happy to oblige, even though it took a VERY long time t find him to ask for it in the first place. We capped off the meal with their "famous" Monkey Bread, it was definatly worth going bananas over! Warm, gooey, delicious and crazy sweet with its pull-apart goodness it didn't need the ice cream it was served with, but we certainly weren't about to send it back! The three of us died over that one! To my yelpers I say: if you have the cash to spend (three of us cost a lil over a hundred clams), a few hours spend on dinner (we were there a while) and a NEED to reach foodie nirvana in order to keep from jumping off a cliff into the chain resturant valley... then this is the spot for you! Bring your most expensive IT bag, a pair of oversized shades, maybe a sweater (the outdoor heaters really didn't work) and your most predestroyed designer deconstructed jeans and get ready!! It's gonna be a blast!!
I woke up late on a Saturday, and I was craving Indian food! To my relief, it was almost lunch time! I remembered that there was an Indian restaurant close to me that I had been meaning to try. I headed to Flavors of India to try their lunch buffet. I walked in and I was immediately greeted. I noted the Bollywood videos playing in the background, I love those dang videos. The host was also my waiter. He invited me to help myself to the buffet. I'm not one of those people that knows the names of each and every dish. As I write this I'm kicking myself for not taking notes. As a whole, the buffet was a-ok. Nothing in particular knocked my socks off. I did notice that nothing was powerfully flavorful. It was kind of a "safe" seasoning restaurant. I would visit Flavors of India again. There was plenty of food, the buffet had a lot of variety, and the service was good!
Because sometimes you just want to flip the bird at calorie counting and healthy living.  This valley landmark is the place for satisfying that once in awhile sinful urge to screw up your carefully laid out dietary plans.
Cute place!  Nice drive-thru window.  Adorable, really.  Nice patio-dining/lounging.  Noise-level inside was a little loud, but there were eight people, six of w/c were talkative yelpers (ha!), plus Kyle and Chad, owners of D'lish (who were, btw, easy on the eyes... a great asset for any business!).One special request- please offer Maya Chai!  While Oregon Chai tastes OK, I'm allergic (I suspect there are "natural flavors" involved), and organic Maya Chai is multiple-times better (and, most importantly, I don't recall feeling negative effects after)!Great spot to unwind and rejuvenate.  Will come back soon to try the food!
This place has to get all five stars. Ok, the area is a little suspect I will admit; that can be countered with the excellent food and excellent prices. This is the kind of food that goes for $12 - $15/plate if it were located in an upscale area.  They have done a great job with the interior and the food is really wonderful.5 Top reasons I love La Condesa: ~ Beautiful food. Unique flavors.  ~ Great salsa bar: aver a dozen lovely hand made salsas; I liked them all ~ Price: you can spend under $7 and have a really good meal ~ Convelient: It is only a 2 minute drive from 24th & Camelback. ~ Atmosphere: the interior and the service create a great place to dine.***We eat out several times a week, and this place is now at the top of the list for my wife and I both.***
Cashew brittle, almond brittle, bacon brittle!  Go now, before it's too late!
I liked the tiki theme and torch lights in the patio area. During the past few times that I came here, it was normally packed inside and I always ended up finding a seat outside. Since it was packed the last time I came, getting drinks took a while, but it wasn't too bad. Drinks were cheap and not stingy compared to CA. Music was not the typical main stream songs that you hear on the radio, which wasn't my favorite and the crowd consisted of older professionals. Definitely not a dress up type of lounge, everyone was dressed casually.
Bliss, Delight, Contentment... words to describe our evening Monday night at Sens. I could go into a very fluffy review, but, with a nod to the simple zen-like restaurant, I will only address and highlight. ~Spa Like atmosphere - welcomed and enjoyed.~Attentive, but not aggressive server...great attitude! ~The Bar Menu I expect to see if I go to heaven. ~Homemade infused alcohol.. finally in Phoenix! ~Open kitchen, I was able to watch the chef CRAFT my meal. All items served "tapas" style... great opportunity to try many items! Food is prepared and served to allow the diner to choose the experience... either enjoy the food natural, or enhance with dipping sauces. These are not the heavy, sticky sauces of Pei Wei fame. ~Mango Spring roll.. light, fresh items in rice paper 2 rolls sliced ~Soup Gyoza, 4 little light dumplings filled with pork and a delicate broth..divine! ~Volcano Beef sear your own tender beef strips (5) on the hot stone, then wrap it up in a lettuce leaf with herbs and peanuts,... try a dip of the accompanying sauce...ecstasy, prepare to order 2 they're so good! ~Panko Shrimp - liken to little shrimp "hushpuppys".. very good, but not the highlight of the evening.. Mr Chu could improve upon these in my opinion. ~ Red Thai Curry - 4 unique, yummy curry / coconut milk dipped wings perched on a Asian "slaw" ~Spicy Wontons - Americans will love these.. familiar flavors, with wonderful dipping sauces. No-one in our party was disappointed... everyone was very pleased and anxious to return.  ** Personal Suggestion *** Have a food allergy ?? .. Use common sense when dining. Take personal responsibility and ask questions of your server BEFORE ordering.
This is our new post-hockey game hangout.  It helps that it is in the rink and that our usual server Rachel is prompt.  It helps that she is cute also.  We came the first time on one of it's first nights and it wasn't very busy.  The manager let us play the virtual sports game.  It has hockey, football, soccer, baseball, and golf.  We played for free, but it is rather pricey to use.  It was fun, but I don't think it would be worth using your dollars on.  The bar is owned by the same people who own Overeasy in Phoenix.I have only had the Black Bean Burger so far, but I tell you what.  It is f-ing good!  It has tomato, lettuce, red onion, and avocado.  I don't normally like avocado, but it's creaminess adds to it.  It has just a little bit of spice too. It comes with fries that are good enough.The bar itself has cool interior and has lots of TVs around the place.  The booths even have their own televisions.  There is a large monitor at the front with a Wii hooked up.  I strained my shoulder after last weeks game bowling and playing ping pong.   So if you find yourself cheering on the Rubber Mallets, enjoying an ice skating session, or watching someone at a figure skating competition at the Alltel Ice Den, be sure to stop into 18 Degrees for a brew and a bite.
This is a great place to have a casual meal.  It's obviously a pub atmosphere but it's large enough to accommodate a lot of people without it getting crowded.  They also have many well placed flat screen tvs. (I just wish they would turn on the closed captioning!  Its one thing if you're watching a sporting event but when they have on an analysis show I want to hear the analysis!)   My husband had the beer sampler and enjoyed most of the varieties, the Raj IPA was his favorite (the 8th Street Ale and Kiltlifter are the more popular ones).  We had the soft pretzel appetizer which was ok, but I'm spoiled when it comes to pretzels having lived in Philly and lived on them for my entire college career.   I wish it came with a honey mustard to dip in and not just regular spicy mustard.  I had the French Dip which was solid - not the best I've had but still pretty good.  My husband had the Tap Room Tenderloin sandwich that he enjoyed - the onion straws and bleu cheese were a nice touch.Now this is just stupid.  (Saturday, 4/13) Ring ring ring. . ."Hello, Four Peaks""Hi, will you be showing the Red Sox/Yankees game?""Yes, definitely.""Even though it's being blacked out?""Blacked out?""Yeah, Fox won't be showing the game because the Diamondbacks game is on at the same time.  You're getting an east coast feed?  From NY or Boston?""Feed?""Yeah, you know, you're getting the broadcast from the Fox affiliate in NY or Boston?"". . .Um. . .we'll definitely be showing the game. . .""Ok. . ." Drive to Four Peaks"Hello! Welcome to Four Peaks!  Table for 2?""Yeah, somewhere we can see the Sox/Yankees game.""Oh sorry, it's being blacked out""What?!  But I called 15 minutes ago and you said you were showing it!""No sorry, that Diamondbacks game is on at the same time so we're not getting the Sox/Yankees game""THAT'S WHAT I SAID ON THE PHONE AND YOU SAID YOU WERE SHOWING IT!""Oh, well do you know who you talked to?""It wasn't you?!  I don't know!  Some moron who said you'd be showing the game!" You're not getting my business if you blatantly lie to me just to get me in the door.
This place is so damn tasty.  I love a good burger and I recommend this place highly.  I don't know why I didn't give it 5 stars.. 4.5?  Ok, there we go.I ordered a mushroom Swiss burger and the thing literally melted in my mouth. You have to be careful cause you could literally inhale these things in a matter of seconds.  They are that good!A big plus that his place has is that they sell fried pickles.  I don't know of another small place like this that does.  Veddddy goood.  Thankfully this place is two blocks from my house, so easy access.. lol.
Cibo is a really adorable place, but I can't say that I think it is extraordinary.  The atmosphere and ambiance is totally five star, but too much goes wrong after that to give it an overall five star.  Food stuff:  I've been twice and both times I liked it, but it wasn't love.  We got the bruscetta plate and I wasn't really thrilled.  The traditional tomato one was the most solid choice, the bean one was strange and soggy and I don't eat pig so I can't comment on the third one (though everyone else seemed to enjoy it). The pizzas are pretty decent except that they lay out the toppings in a weird way, for example, if you order the vegetarian rosa pizza, if you like zucchini, it is all chopped up on two slices and so on.  It doesn't really make sense to top a pizza in such a way, to me.  I prefer draft beer over bottled beer, and all they offer is bottled.  I did enjoy a couple glasses of the Rossi Cabernet Sauvignon which was a solid wine choice.Service:  The host/ess was a pleasant person, and the time quoted was less than we actually had to wait so that rocked.  While waiting, we attempted to get a drink.  The bartender was cool about getting our drinks in a timely manner despite the fact that it was busy.  Our actual server was super attentive at first and then lost for a good chunk of time as well.  Too hit or miss.  Cibo is an adorable spot with awesome ambiance but it isn't quite that awesome when it comes to food and service.
This place is absolute perfection.  From the setting to the service to the food, I loved every moment of it.  The only way I found out about this place was through Yelp.  You seriously are my trusty sidekick.  From the previous reviews I was a little worried that it might be packed, but then I remembered it was a Monday night so no worries.Walking in the restaurant, it is quite small, but just absolutely adorable.  It really does feel like an upscale country home.  Wood lines the whole restaurant and they have mini chandeliers hanging over every table.  Even the touches of place setting are just perfect.Our server was Gina and she was a complete sweetheart.  We started off with the Bohemian Sidecar and the Cucumber Vesper.  Both were absolutely delightful!  Then we moved on to appetizers, because while getting drunk is fun, I was really excited for the food.  We had the steak tartare and mussels in the saffron and white wine sauce.  I loved the steak tartare with the potato chips and fried egg on top.  Put fried egg on top of anything and I'm sold.  Put fried egg on top of raw steak and I'm in love!  The mussels came out just as we were finishing up the steak tartare, perfect timing!  The mussels were equally amazing if not more, and I am so sad that they only give one piece of bread!  Well that, along with the bread and butter.  But that still wasn't enough for me!  I wanted to soak up all of that saffron sauce goodness!After Gina cleared that out of our way, she brought out the glass of Bordeaux and Rhone blend.  I hate when I don't have a drink in front of me, and she made sure that never happened.  Then the entrees came.  The pork shoulder with the bacon for my bf, and the stuffed chicken with the pome puree and mushrooms for me.  Again, absolute perfection on both accounts!  I loved the mushrooms that were slightly charred and crispy, with the sauce and the puree and the chicken with goat cheese.  I'm getting hungry again just writing about it.  My bf loved his, but I still maintain that mine was better.  And both of these entrees were incredibly reasonably priced at $15 and $17.  Could life get any better?Well apparently it could!  After we polished off our entrees, then came dessert and after dinner drinks!  We had the souffle which was amazing with the creme anglaise.  And the berries with the creme fraiche.  Heaven in my mouth!  We finished that off with the chocolate martini and the pear tini.This review cannot do this place justice.  This is truly a unique experience that is far above any of the restaurants in Scottsdale.  Please go in and experience this for yourself, you will not be disappointed!
This is a nice asian take-out style restaurant (you can order and sit down too). The portions are pretty big, and they have a good selection. WAAAAAAY better than Pei Wei which is in the same shopping center. The only downside is their breading is a little heavy, but other than that I have enjoyed everything I have tried there.
Most of my excitement and "love" of this place has more to do with what it represents -- not what it is right at this second, but I fully expect that to get better. TFM representing a place in Central Tempe to get basic groceries (all the better that they're local and organic!) without needing access to a car. When I looked up the location, I felt heartsick at the thought that this is right across the street from where the Co-Op used to be. What's there now? An empty dirt lot. The Co-Op was driven out by an over zealous real estate company that, in the boom of condo building, bought the location, driving Co-Op to another spot where it eventually failed. Know what else failed? That condo endeavor. Now, a few years later, we have this budding marketplace with a lot to live up to.My first trip in, I didn't have anything particular I needed, I just wanted to check things out (though I was making enchiladas later that day, so had a few items I was on the look-out for). It's pretty small right now, and in the former building of Jake's Shop, which is also another Tempe staple now gone. But it had the basics such as milk, peanut butter, a small selection of produce -- local, of course -- cheese and even some gift-type items for sale in the back. I picked up some green onions (99 cents for a bunch) and red peppers ($1.29/ea), and thought those prices were exact with a chain grocery. And bread - this is my favorite part of the store! A big selection of sliced wheats and grains, and rolls and longer Ciabatta styles too. And the favorite of my favorite? Fresh "Made this morning!" tortillas! They looked delicious, and were HUGE. The size of a large pizza, they came in flavored varieties for making yummy wraps.When I checked out ($5 minimum for credit card purchases, and a sign said "EBT coming soon"), I was offered another red pepper from a basket by the register because this small batch was about to go bad. So instead of letting them and then throwing them away, they *give* them away with each purchase - wonderful! Oh, and I was surprised and pleased to see a small corner of the store set up with a couple small tables and a couch, all within view of a large flat screen playing Alice in Wonderland. Sure enough, a kid sat there, out of the way and quiet, while is parents shopped. Both parents and the childless thank the owners for THAT kid haven, I'm sure.I really look forward to coming in again and again and watching this place grow and thrive.p.s. I highly recommend becoming a fan of their FB page, so you can get daily info about what they just got in, specials, new additions, etc.
For those who gave this place low marks, forgive me. I really like this place. Now I haven't tried various dim sum places so I'm reserving the right to downgrade the place as needed. The variety of food is plentiful, and the carts just keep on coming. I love the steamed pork buns, and the shiu mai (not sure if I spelled that correctly). Yesterday, my favorite pick was the deep fried rolls of taro and shrimp. YUM! I have never ordered from their menu so I can only talk about their dim sum. My friends and I try to go eat dim sum almost every Sunday. It's a cheap way to try new foods, and if you don't like it, well.. you can get away with pushing it aside with minimal guilt. Give it a try! You might be surprised.
I have been coming here since discovering them after their opening week last year and I haven't stopped coming back. The food is predominantly Filipino; the Filipino-Mexican fusion comes in the burritos, flautas and quesadillas filled with Filipino meat dishes. A great starter would be the Chicken Adobo burrito. Karey's does it right by not dumping rice and fillings inside the burrito; they're served on the side. For those more interested in rice plates and combinations, Karey's serves daily prepared dishes such as Pork Adobo and Chicken Adobo (pork or chicken simmered in garlic and soy vinaigrette) and Beef Mechado (a type of stew with beef chunks, potatoes, and onions in a light tomato gravy) with either white rice or Garlic Fried Rice (yummy). There are also specials that rotate each day, which can be checked out on their Twitter account. This is a great idea as one can find out when they are serving Lechon (roasted pig)! Yum!There are dishes that can be prepared fresh but are not part of the combination specials.  The ones I've tried that I highly recommend are their Lumpia (fried eggrolls in chicken, beef, or vegetable) and Pancit Canton (stir-fried noodles with vegetables). The pork lumpia was great when they used to serve it, and I preferred it to the beef lumpia that they serve now...but it's still good ;)Not only is the food delicious but the warmth of the staff is something to always look forward to. Karen and Rey make you feel truly at home. The best thing about Karey's Kitchen is having a Filipino restaurant in Phoenix and not having to drive all the way to the East or West Valley!
I love supporting such local businesses in my neighborhood- and you should too!  If I worked in the area, it would be in my lunch rotation.The customer service here rocks- it appears as if they actually care if you enjoy the food you have ordered.  I appreciate this and think they deserve a huge kudos on that one.  The hours are pretty ridiculous- they close at 5 on weekdays and are open from 10:30-3:30 on Saturday's.I've had the Route 66 (Buffalo chicken) and the Ringo Starr and have enjoyed them, but it wasn't true love.  Don't get me wrong, fair choices but no real excitement.  The Sirachi chili sauce helps out- but I love that stuff.A solid choice, although not mind blowing in any stretch of imagination.
Bleh. I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of this spot, since I frequent the other spots on the same corner.  I had some pretty high hopes that this might end up rivaling Postino's or Bomberos... or well... something other than a drive-thru.I ordered the daily flatbread pizza.  It was a Chicken Teriyaki with prosciutto, pineapple and red jalapenos.  The ingredients didn't seem to be of the best quality.  The chicken was a little gristly (sliced breast meat would have been nice), and the cheese was unspeakable.  It was straight-from-a-bag mozzarella... which was congealed into a huge mass of grease.  The pizza was so wet with sauce and grease and heavy from too many toppings, that I couldn't even identify the crust... it was disintegrating before my eyes.  The prosciutto was all in one large clump, instead of being sprinkled throughout.  So disappointing.  My friend's caprese salad was mainly a plate of tomatoes with a garnish of cheese and a sprig of basil.  I love a good caprese - and especially enjoy when there is a fairly equal amount of all ingredients.  Helps balance out each bite, you know?  No such luck with this one! Our service was fine.  Helpful enough in the beginning, but I think once she sensed we weren't thrilled with our food, she just tried to get away with a minimal amount of interaction.  The waitress never asked me how my meal was... even though I was clearly picking at it, and only ate half of it.  She offered to clear it away - not box it - so, she must have realized I didn't enjoy it.I will definitely wait a while for a return visit.  Since it is close and has a great layout/atmosphere, I am hoping that they work out these rather large kinks and become the kind of place that I would like to revisit.
this is my favorite music venue in phoenix. it is a smaller venue best for local or indie bands, but every show i've been to their has been far more memorable then any show i've been to in phoenix.the place itself isn't too stunning, it is just a rectangular brick building with a bar area on the right when you walk in, booths on the left side of the wall, some high tables in the middle, a stage and standing area at the back, and an eclectic mix of art on the walls. however, the place has a really good feel to it and excellent sound that leads to really wild and memorable concerts.the two that i remember the most were the presets/the rapture and spinto band/art brut/we are scientists. i thought the presets were pretty lousy until i saw them play there and the rapture played an absolutely amazing set that lasted almost 2 hours and inspired an epic, comfortably out-of control dance party. the other show was equally long and boisterous, highlighted by eddie argos coming out into the crowd to sing 3 songs.the bad things about the place are that last time i went there was still no alcohol because they lost their liquor license. however, i heard that they have got it back now, but i'm not sure. the shows i went to i had to go down the street between sets and drink at alice cooperstown which isn't cheap. it also doesn't have a patio at all where you can hang out and hear the music or what is going on inside and drink or smoke. the venue reminds me alot of the lounge in the back of Plush in tucson except for the lack of a patio which is really important in a state like AZ where the weather is so good at night most of the year.of course the worst thing is just the lack of bands that go there. most bands come to either marquee (heaven help us poor phoenicians) or even worse, the clubhouse. if you happen to be a tour manager reading reviews on yelp, please book your band at the brickhouse.Update - 8/31 - Had to downgrade to 4 stars after my most recent visit. Its hard to believe that I'm downgrading them now that they have liquor available, but it's happening. They normally have local draft brews at this place for 2 dollars, but apparently when they have a show they don't sell it at all. Only bottles for 3 or 4 dollars. What's worse is that every bottle I ordered wasn't cold, tasted like they just threw it in the ice bin 30 minutes before. AND they kept running out of beers. What's even worse is that the mixed drinks run 6 DOLLARS for a really tiny glass. This place needs to get its act together. I'll be drinking beforehand and elsewhere in between sets from now on. I don't get why the music venues in Phoenix don't understand how much more money they can make at a show with drink specials.They also apparently haven't invested in air conditioning which makes summer shows not even worth it. Okkervil River still put on a great show to my surprise, which is the only thing (along with the other great shows i've seen there) that kept me downgrading this place to 3 stars or lower.They are also in the middle of remodeling so the place looks kindof like crap right now.
Being from NJ I am always on the prowl for my hometown pizza and Italian food. They have absolutely the best cannolis like my grandmothers!  The pizza droops like Ray's Pizza in NY. I'm not a big fan of sauce that has any sugar in it which most do so to many their sauce is awesome. I prefer unsweetened everything.The service is great and they are from New Jersey!  It's a great place to grab their special 2 slices and a coke for $4! YUM!
I met fellow Yelpers Brian S and Shannon M here and learned that it's all about the sandwich.  And feeling like you have walked on to a set for "That 60's show" or "That 70's Show".  It's pretty clear the owners of Casella's are focused on the sandwiches, not updating the decor.I had an Italian beef sandwich.  It was great.  And I sat and soaked up the 70's decor as the bread from my sandwich was soaking up the juice.This place is old school all the way - old school awesome.  F#%*ing A.  Now where's my Trans Am?
This little taco shop gets 5+ stars! The fish tacos were out of this world, breaded and fried to perfection. I also tried the al pastor taco that was marinated well and you can taste the marinade in every bite. I also tried molotes for the first time. The cilantro salsa and red salsa was homemade and oh so good and spicy. The quesadillas are like cheese crisps. I am so disappointed that I did not find this place earlier since it's so close to home. I have to try the other items in their menu soon. Price is very reasonable as their tacos range from $1-$1.50.
I like to think of Trader Joe's as a "specialty food/health market." It is simply in a league of its own when compared to large commercial grocery chains. Honestly, there is no comparison! With that being said, this is the BEST Trader Joe's I have been too! (and I have shopped quite a few in my travels across the US) The sheer size of this store, in TJ standards, is IMPRESSIVE!  The isles are plenty large enough for TWO people (with carts) to maneuver through.  And more importantly EVERYTHING looks fresh and delectable!  Some of my fav's are: $3.99 Trader Joe's Coastal Cab...FABULOUS for the price! (Quite honestly though, I haven't EVER had a bad wine at Traders...they have an amazing selection that isn't overwhelming but isn't sparse either.) I also LOVE that they CLEARLY label each of the wines and/or regions so they are quick and easy to find! The Haircot Verts (French Green Beans) are simply delicious! Their Brussel Sprouts are the perfect size and quantity; just enough for two people at two different meals.  They even have Nulaid "Ready Egg" (i.e. egg beaters) for $3.69! At the grocery store the SAME stuff will cost you TWICE that!! Their cheese selection is delightful with almost ANY kind of cheese imaginable! Their artesian breads are so yummy...although not a "low fat/fat free" food, so that is a once every few months splurge. (and even then we only get the small loaf (which I want to say is called a "little bastard." That name CRACKS me up!) And although I am not a "sweet" eater, my hubs is...so he has a dozen or so goodies that he constantly gets here. The one I can think of off the top of my head are their Chocolate Covered Joe Joe's with Peppermint Crumble (or something like that.) I'd go look at the box but we are fresh out because the hubs thinks that eating one box over a two-three day period is acceptable! It also fun to be rewarded for bringing your own reusable bags; as any good eco-friendly shopper would do! There is a weekly drawing for a TJ's gift card (I think the value is $25) and you get a ticket when you bring your own bags. (not one for each bag...just one ticket for bringing them to put your goodies in) Then they draw a name out of all the tickets (which you drop in a box on your way out of the store) once a week.  If you shop more than once a week, you can "earn" a ticket for each time you shop there in a week therefore increasing your chances of winning. (although I am PRETTY sure the majority of Surprise/Sun City Grand shop there so maybe the odds aren't THAT great! )Regardless, this is just a great little "market" through and through. I used to get excited to shop at TJ's...now I am always looking for an excuse to buy something just so I can go there! (and it's not just to try and win the gift card either..that's an added bonus!)
Is this great sushi?  No.  Does this food reinvent the sushi wheel?  Not even close.  Will I have a foodgasm?  Not a chance. When I am craving an amazing sushi meal, I'll go to Yasu.Why I really, REALLY like Teharu:The food is fresh.  While it's not amazing fish, there's nothing wrong with it - nothing here to get sick from.All the standards are readily available and if you want something not already on the belt, they'll gladly make it for you.The conveyor really feeds into my lack of patience.  I sat down, ordered an iced green tea, and started pulling plates off the belt.  Yes, I was eating sushi within 90 seconds of sitting down!The price is a HUGE plus!  I met a friend for lunch - we each had iced tea, several plates with 3 or 4 roll slices, seaweed salad, sunumono salad and a couple nigiri and I was out of there for less than $20, including tip.The place is kept incredibly clean, staff is friendly and Teharu fills a nice niche for a super casual, quick sushi place.  When it comes down to it, I can't always afford to spend what that quantity of food would cost me at Yasu or any of the other great places in town - I like that I am not committing to a whole roll - I can sample from 5 or 6 different ones.Fills the need for the sushi craving on a buget and/or when strapped for time.
My return trip to SaBai was excellent.I stopped in due to an irresistable craving for something with shrimp.  I was in a take out sort of mood, so as I sat at the bar the friendly owner gave me a glass of water with a cucumber slice in it.  I was pretty floored at how refreshing something so simple could be!I quickly got my order of Garlic Shrimp (extra spicy) and headed home.  The shrimp was perfectly cooked.  So perfect that I can't think of any other shrimp to compare it to.I was happy to see a decent crowd in the restaurant.  I know I'll be coming back again.
Feeling a bit weary from a steady stream of travel, we decided to head over here for my favorite Rx, Pho.A couple of summer rolls filled with shrimp, pork and vermicelli, dipped in the sweet peanutty sauce, a dash of their house hot sauce(a tad more fire than the "cock" sauce) and we were off to  a fine start. I was feeling better already.The Pho arrived, and the aromas were simply intoxicating. After a short interlude of vaporized euphoria, we dug in, adding the usual lime, cilantro, basil, sprouts and aforementioned hot sauce. Commence slurping.The broth was simple yet complex in layered flavors. Noodles were perfect in abundance and texture. My companion chose beef and shrimp and declared they were cooked perfectly. I selected the special beef which included shank, brisket, tendon, tripe and meatball. Outstanding.Service was with a smile, prompt and attentive. I honestly felt like I was sitting in someone's home enjoying what they might eat on a daily basis. I do not think that Cyclo can compare, while good, this just seemed more authentic.
Owner Daniel M. is one of my most favorite restaurateurs in Phoenix. His stamina and passion for the business of serving fine cuisine is a rare find. Daniel is from South America but you wouldn't know it; his knowledge of the secret kitchens of Tuscany, Umbria and Amalfi is uncanny. I know this because I traveled with him and his chef one year on their odyssey through Italy.Daniel takes special pride in personally choosing a very select few bottles of wine to fit any budget. OK, it's not Etienne's Different Point of View's list of 4000, but know that any choice you make is going to be a good one. If you're not sure, just ask for Daniel and tell him what you have in mind -- likely he has (with a wink) a special bottle in the back.When we traveled through the Italian countryside I was constantly astonished by the warm greetings and special invitations we had from local proprietors who shared with us exquisite homemade wines and dishes made with pride from the finest vegetables and livestock. We frequently stayed long past closing with the owners and into the night sampling rare port and grappa. At one restaurant in Orvieto the owner took us deep into the dank recesses of the wine cellar for a special sampling  of cheese and wine. Talk about knowing people? One afternoon while drinking our 5th bottle of wine, who walks by but Jan D'Atri! Wow. (That's another review.) And speaking of reviewers, I also ran into Phoenix Magazine's Nikki Buchanan (also extremely nice).When Daniel first opened in this location with that little stone oven in the corner, it was a pizzeria and guests could belly up to long tables in a casual environment that was made easy by his banter with the heavy Italian accented waitress (name?) who made a comeback some years later. For quite some time the restaurant was Il Forno; that is until corporate giant Il Fornaio entered the fray and sued him to change the name. After much rigmarole he changed to aqua e sale -- and notice Il Fornaio has since closed its doors? LOL. Again after much hoopla, he made it Daniel's. The current wood-paneled decor makes me think of a city club in San Fran or London. Very posh, yet understated. Selections of sculpture and art from his travels dot the restaurant's three small dining rooms.The menu is a very difficult one. I say that because it has all of your favorites and it is difficult to make your final selection. Great for steak, ravioli, the best carpaccio in the city, best buffala mozzarella, mmm.... I could go on and on. So does the menu, page after page.Some might call the preparations simplistic. This is the Tuscan way. Simple ingredients and simple preparation. Let the ingredients make their own magic. Grilled rack of lamb is not drowned in some Smucker's lime jelly, but gently brushed with rosemary and garlic, tickled with salt and pepper and finished with a squeeze spray of lemon.Unfortunately the artful one-of-a-kind plates and bowls handmade in Vietri chipped at the edges over the years and the health department made him throw them away -- UGH!! -- they were a beautiful motivation to make you lick your plate clean to see the painted pictures beneath your scrumptious dinner. Not that you needed an excuse to dab every last bit of sauce with the wonderful mini loaves of bread cooked right there in the hearth that started it all.Daniel himself is a wonderful host. He loves to give his guests a wonderful experience. There are many choices for Italian food in Phoenix. Most of it is just American Italian. Daniel's is a unique touch of the simple yet elegant. Enjoy.P.S. [post edit] OMG. How could I forget the Tiramisu? It's a generous portion, so you can share with your guest, but after your first bite you may not want to. Light and airy, yet fantastically flavorful, the quality of the coffee really makes this dish a reason to go back again and again. I'm not going to tell you the secret ingredient. You'll have to ask Daniel.
I have been to a buffet like this before, but I will never go to this particular one again. The food all looked fresh as we went through the food line selecting our favorites and stacking our bowl to the sky. We selected our sauces and turned it over to the grill. The cook doused our dishes with water, quickly cooked the ingredients, and returned them in a new bowl. There is a selection of crispy wonton bits, rice and soups for you to add to your tray at no cost. I selected no rice as they were all old and burnt to the pan. I chose the hot and sour soup because it is ma favorite. Free-range and refills on beverages. Sat down to eat, was not impressed. I could not muster to try a second spoon of the soup as it was absolutely disgusting. The bowl of ingredients were all bland, perhaps from the overuse of water at grilling, and I am almost certain the tofu had gone bad, The slivers of meat that my husband had selected tasted fowl as well. We obviously did not get to far into our meal before leaving. Had we not already paid there would have been several complaints from me, and changes in selections. We could have taken the left overs home, but opted to leave them instead. Suffice to say, I do NOT recommend.
This place needs no more great reviews really but damn was it good.Recent Sat night: first time.  Busy, hour wait, unless you sit by bar which was zero wait.  We sat by the bar.  Very cool, hip place.  I remember the Clarendon but had no idea it got all cool and modernized, when did that happen?Anyways, ordered 2 house margaritas (excellent, very fresh, perfect), then ordered 2 more..... buzzed alert***Elote, teeth sunk in, amazing alert***Spit shrimp cocktail, oh yeah.....its on.Tacos carne asada, so fresh, so good.  Great chips and salsa, the thick kind of chips, authentic type, like in Mexico.  For some reason I ordered a burger?  Huh?  It was a hasty decision and the burger was just OK.  Next time, no burgers, just tacos etc for me.Even as busy as it was, the service up at the bar was perfect.  I will certainly go back at some point.  Maybe not rush back just because of the busy factor, but hey what isn't busy at these hip trendy little places in town, right?
We stopped by Switch the other night after getting raped by the IRS and while we were still feeling quite sad and pathetic.  We wanted something casual, inexpensive, and fast, and that is what we got!  Service was great!  We were one of maybe 3 inside tables and a full patio, and our waitress was fantastic.  She was very attentive and kept our drinks full.We had the wedge fries, a weakness of mine, and they were pretty good.  Not great, but definitely good.They had several vegetarian options, and I chose the Chop salad, which was SO yummy.  So yummy in fact, that I have been trying to duplicate it at home for days now.My husband had the turkey berry sandwich, which I didn't try (no meat for me), but he said it was good.  We would definitely go there again. Try it!
I have long been a fan of AJ's and lucky for me, they didn't open a location on the West Side of town until after I moved back to California. If they had, I would have been more broke then I was as a single working mother.The daughter and I stopped in before her hair appointment for some coffee and pastries and then I came back in once her hair was getting done. The first thing I did was order some iced tea from their coffee counter. It was absolutely delicious iced tea and very reasonably priced. I want that tea now, I think it was pineapple or something yummy. I perused around the store, picking up some Goldwater Salsa and a stuffed Cornish game hen to cook later in the day for my Grandma from the butcher counter. I was thrilled that they still had the stuffed fresh hens for the same price I used to pay $4.99. Something inflation hadn't touched.I also picked up some huge honey crisp apples (something again Grandma can afford but won't buy for herself) and a small bunch of flowers for her. Next time I am in town, I am going to hit up AJ's right away for some iced tea!
I play squash racquet's, a sport favored by the east coast "elites" from them Ivy League schools, those snooty Britishers and the Pakistani leisure class:) Why they let me play, I'll never know:)Last evening, we had a little tourney in which a group of us from the Village traveled to the outer reaches of Tempe to play a group from Lifetime Fitness:)It was a jolly good, show, ever so much fun and our Village group gave the Lifetime group a bit of a "Rodgering":)So it was with happy hearts and high spirits that we headed down the street to the post tourney repast at Skip & Jan's...let me start by saying that the Lifetime group picked this place, and it's almost like they knew they were going to lose and wanted to select a venue that would be the grimiest, greasiest, grubbiest, grossest spot to try to eat...they succeeded:)Where to start...I know...the parking lot:)When we arrived, the total Kelly Blue Book value of the 50-60 cars in the parking lot was about $832...we raised that by several orders of magnitude, just by driving in...this parking lot hasn't seen a lot of traffic from the Mercedes/BMW/Lexus/Jaguar crowd (and may never again:)After I safely parked a block or 2 away, I went inside and took in the look and feel of S&J...crappy old wood paneling...tables and chairs from a circa 1955 high school cafeteria...an intriguing mix of flat panel TV's, regular TV's and OTB results screens (yeah, you can bet the ponies here...the sport of Kings, in a slightly less than "regal" atmosphere:)They must have 20-25 pool tables...faded felt...and a whole bunch of people playing pool (and frankly looking like they weren't enjoying themselves...extremely tight and serious expressions on the faces of the people playing and watching...aren't games supposed to be fun? :-)...I suspect there was gambling going on:)The smell in S&J can only be described as "extreme humanity"...the place smelled like it has seen a century's worth of spilled beer, cigarette smoke, BO, vomit, urine, spoiled food and every other aroma that humans create for themselves...remarkable, given the fact that this place can't have been here for more than a few years...how did they do that so quickly? :-)S&J has menus, they have some sort of kitchen, they have Jagermeister on "tap", they have a bunch of beers on tap and they had a buffet (or "boofay" for my friend Ryan C) set up for our group.It was supposed to be a Taco Bar:)S&J provided a table full of taco "fixin's"...the centerpiece of which was the taco meat hot tray...Holy Crap, was that disgusting! :-(They told us it was ground beef, but I know my beef, and I don't think this was it...this was ground "creature"...possibly some sort of unfortunate non-distinct animal which happened to be near the kitchen when duty called.I kid, of course...as far as I know, this was indeed, "beef"...just not very good "beef":(The hot tray holding the "meat" looked like a relief map of the Hawaiian Islands...small mountains of "meat" rising out of the ocean of brown/orange grease that was the real body of the dish:(But, I was starving (a banana for breakfast and nothing else) so I tried to make a taco.I decided to forgo the slotted spoon that everyone was trying to use to fish some meat out of the soupy brine, and use some tongs instead...my idea was to try to squeeze as much grease out of the concoction as possible...I was sort of successful, but in doing so, I probably squeezed any flavor out as well:(I got back to the table and tried a bite...not good...I added several shakes of Cholla and tried another bite...and that was that:(One of my buddies had decided to forgo the mystery meat tacos and ordered wings from the menu and offered me one...I'm not sure what the deal with the wings was, but the wing I tried seemed to be boiled (no, not "broiled"...boiled) and then dipped in buffalo sauce...not crispy, just wet...all the way through:)Then they announced that Karaoke was going to start soon...and that was enough for me:(Adding amateur singing to this tableau would have just been too much:)Still, it's not all bad news...the tires and wheels were still on my car when I was ready to leave...I didn't become immediately ill (although I had kind of a rough morning, this morning).They say shared adversity can make teams grow together, so I think I should thank S&J for making the Village Squash group nearly invincible:)
Pure Bliss - I haven't had a quality meal experience like this in a very very long time.  The full 4 course dinner was stupendous and well worth every cent. You MUST try the Yin & Yang Martini!  It was  a very creative and well presented drink  that had me all smiles.  I had the Smores & Chocolate desert and it was hands down my favorite (I've tried at least 5 others).
Given the dearth of German restaurants in the greater Phx area, this is about as good as it gets.Had the sausage sampler.  The krakauer wurst was pretty unique.  The bratwurst was good too, but brats usually have a pretty low bar to clear to be good.Had the Schweizer Schnitzel as a main course.  Very good.The meal came with a cup of soup of the day, which in this case was mushroom.  Very good.You can't eat ambiance/decor so I generally don't care about things like that but if the owners have a spare dollar or two they may want to paint the place and replace the drop ceiling.  Neither of those things will keep me away but they may want to look into those things.
awesome iconic eatery! whenever i visit az i make it a point to stop off at this ultra friendly, fantastic tasting joint. yeah, it takes a while to figure out the ordering process, but the staff is super helpful, and after the first or second time, one can figure out the system. it's just that everything is abbreviated which requires some thought. i usually mix 2 entrees to get different flavors. love the jerk chicken and fiery pollo diablo.although they are known for their snicker doodles, my dessert is usually ordering another entree to take home for later! hands down one of my favorite eateries. i wish we had one in minneapolis, mn...i would probably eat there daily for lunch, ha!
Meh. As my fellow Yelper said to me a few days after we ate here: "No Brio review, I'm shocked!" I didn't jump on writing this review because I was pretty underwhelmed by the experience. The ambience sucks, the service wasn't very good and the food was totally average. My cursor is blinking at me and I still don't know what else to say about my time spent here. Ambience- looks like an Italian cheesecake factory. Why are the collumns so huge?!Service- the bartender kept interrupting us to take our order when we STILL weren't ready. Jeez, does it look like I've moved my menu in the 53 seconds it's been since the last time you checked? And then disappeared when we were finally ready. Food- -carpaccio, not bad but does it seriously need to be that huge? The two of us didn't even come close to finishing it. -Mediterranean pasta, pretty much the only one without a cream sauce on the whole menu. They split it for us which was nice and it tasted all right with mushrooms and chicken and stuff. -tiramisu came out frozen. They were super apologetic and didn't charge us for the replacement, but it was still awkward. They obviously just heated up a piece which made it melty and just not that great.So yeah, that's that.
RIPI drive by here every day but looked over and saw the place dark inside and the signage ripped down. They never did quite recover from the roof collapse thing. Was the only Vietnamese place by my work, now sadly, there are none. They should have offered Banh Mi for lunch. Woulda-coulda-shoulda.
A very inadequate meal and expensive for the low quality food you get.  Ordered the veal sorrentino and it was not enjoyable to eat.  Very dry, tough...just gross.  Caesar salad was also disgusting and unpleasant, saturated in dressing.  I did like the atmosphere, laid back and comfortable.  Knowing that Pasta Brioni is down the street, I won't go back.
Having been to Dave & Buster's in California, I was pleased to see one nearby in Phoenix.  Our family enjoys the games and food offered at D&B's.  It's not the best bar food you ever had, but it's alright.Some of our favorite dishes...Chicken Sandwich & Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=pL9gMcMhSu66djzRs0EE0gSliders, Wings, & Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=duqkD08yPYfZzK2BdwXSOwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=gmI2y1_o4YxyNsuhu4-PGAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=-SYnpluFm_tcBObKnYpR1wChicken Sandwich w/Bacon & Sweet Potato Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=EkZL6PdNv4kkgopmT6IK8gBesides the video games, my Son and I enjoy shooting pool on their championship size (9 ft) pool tables.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=_L7O1ZhQ9EDnO1LHv9b10ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=6IveT3g9EW-lLEjwbrblZQOverall, it's one of our favorite places to go where the entire family can enjoy a night out.  They serve alcohol at the bar and restaurant, so the adults can enjoy themselves while the kiddos play games, bowl, shoot pool.Return Factor - 100%
I used to frequent this place when it was Long Wong's.  The food wasn't good back then but it was open 24/7 and always available.Since the change in ownership, I have been repeatedly disappointed.  The size of the menu has gone down drastically (which is understandable, Long Wong's menu was way too big).  They only serve slices of pizza at certain times of the day now (noonish until 3pm supposedly I think? and again some time in the evening) and you never know if they will actually have slices.  I understand that maybe they don't sell that many slices in the off hours, but I would gladly take a slice of pizza that was an hour or two old over none at all.  Not to mention even at 3pm it is not uncommon to get a pretty old slice anyways.The burgers are so-so.  Better than McDonald's, but just really not that good.I've only had the cheesesteak once, and boy was it a disaster.  I bit into it and what must have been a full cup of liquid poured out of it.  I'm not sure how this was possible, but it was almost like it was sabotaged.  I'm sure this was a one-off problem and that they are not normally like that, but I was horrified and have not tried another.The owner is eager and you can tell he is really trying to make the business work.  However, the staff he hires can be very rude sometimes.  I've heard some snotty tones of voice saying they had no slices when I've tried to order a slice of pizza during the off hours and have been refused a simple refill of my soda when my order took far longer than expected.  That said, I have not been there in a few months so this may have changed.
Oy ve iz mir!Not to be a kvetch....but I consider myself to be an expert on Jewish delis.  As a New Yorker from a predominantly Jewish area and married to a Jew, I've had more than my fair share of experiences at them.  My husband and I woke up this morning with a burning desire for a good bagel, corned beef on rye, and a knish.  So I schlepped all the way up to the PV Mall to get it.Ok, first of all, the decor is terribly schlocky.  Its kind of like the tourist trap Jewish deli you find in Times Square.  Its like a Disney version of a NY deli.  I take my number and head over to the cold case to get some drinks....of course they didn't have regular lemon Snapple (and why should they?  Its not like every deli, pizza place, and convenience store in NY carries it....) but they did have Dr. Brown's Cel-Ray which is always a welcome sight.  Another thing they had in the cold case which I found to be odd were jars of Nathan's pickles.  Nathan's, like the hot dog place.  I would imagine a Jewish deli would have Ba Tampte pickles....I didn't even know Nathan's made pickles!  It was a little lame to be honest.Anyways, I go up to the counter where there doesn't seem to be anyone working.  There was no organization to it.  So I waited.  And waited.  In New York, the deli is a finely tuned machine designed to move people quickly.  Chompie's? Eh, not so much.  When I finally did place my order, the guy who took it had a hard time punching it into the computer and asked me to repeat it several times.  Despite saying I wanted my bagel toasted several times I was given a cold, untoasted bagel.  I waited a little longer for my order to come up and went on my merry way.  Here is the breakdown of the food we ordered-Matzoh ball soup- Surprisingly good.  I have never had matzoh ball soup with carrots and celery...so much chazerei!  Just give me the matzoh ball! Although, I will admit, it was solid.  I wouldn't go all the way to Chompie's for it because I know that I can make it better in my own kitchen. Plain bagel "toasted" with cream cheese- Terrible.  The bottom of the bagel was entirely too thick and was very hard.  They didn't even cut it all the way through, probably because the crust is too thick! Corned beef on rye- Meh.  The corned beef wasn't very good, it wasn't corned enough.  If they make their own they didn't use a piece of brisket that was fatty enough.  The rye (which was not marble rye...) was lackluster.   It couldn't handle the corned beef, became soggy, and eventually fell apart.  The pickle it came with was the grossest thing I've ever seen.  And it was definitely a kosher dill, even though I asked for a half sour.  The potato salad was actually really good though.Knish- Terrible.  The knishes in my elementary school cafeteria were better than this.  First of all, the outer crust was way too flimsy.  It should have been much, much, thicker, especially considering the gargantuan size of the knish.  We essentially ate a large plate of mashed potatoes.  The potato inside itself was unremarkable.  Not only do I have this Jewish thing going on but I'm also Irish....I've never met a potato dish I didn't like.  Until today.  I didn't even finish my half of the knish. Now for the prices.  What's with this meshugas?  $2.29 for a bagel with cream cheese is a tad much.  In NY they run you about $1.35.  The corned beef sandwich was $12.50!  Now, I've paid that much for sandwiches in NY before but you get 2 lbs of meat and several layers of sandwich!  This was not a $12.50 sandwich.  I was also going to get us some whitefish salad to sample but at $15.99/lbs it wasn't happening.  Why anyone should schlep all this way, in this heat, schvitzing all over, for this dreck?  I don't know!
Ok, so, I finally ate at Wanda's.  It is located right near the Chandler Harley Davidson, and its alright.  The seating is really intimate, and rather small.  The largest table in this place is for seating of 4. I didnt care for how small it was, in regards to limited seating.  They do have outdoor seating, but again, they lost points with me for only having tables for either 2 or 4.  What I DO like about it, is that the service was quick, and its not the usual chain resturants like IHOP or Waffle house.  Limited menu, only open a few hours a day (like 7-3) and primarily have a breakfast and lunch menu.
I think Matt's has had its '5 minutes of fame'.  Note to owners: Your food is good enough,  your staff is great, so please save your money and move to a better location.  Right now, you're next to a rundown hotel with police baracade tape all over the place.The local residents(?) pan-handling all the waiting customers outside your place. Seriously?   Just sad.  Won't go again, won't recommend it either.  Good luck this summer, the heat will melt all your 'waiting area' customers out .
This is a huge improvement over the last bar that occupied this spot. They obviously put a few bucks into the renovation and added pool tables. The rub is that when a band is playing here it totally dominates the conversation, and if the band sucks...  Please put in a smoking-friendly patio, right now customers have to stand by the parking lot sans drink! They have another less-noisy bar in the front, which I was pleased to discover was offering $1 well drinks from 9-10pm for guys -  we took full advantage.
This isn't your typical Mexican restaurant that puts cheese and sour cream on everything. The food here is light, simple, and fresh. We started out with the guacamole which was amazing. My sister doesn't even like mandarin oranges but it tasted so good in the guacamole she was eating it like it was going out of style. The salsa that came with it was the bomb. One was a spicy red salsa and the other one was a tomatillo salsa. The green one was so good I wanted to drink it. I ordered the chorizo and eggs and my sister ordered a couple of tacos with rice and beans. Everything tasted great and I even had room for dessert after my meal. We had some kind of carmel, banana, crepe thing. It doesn't look like much but it was one of the best desserts I've ever had. Gallo Blanco is my new obsession.
This place is very off-the-beaten-track, I'm sure most people overlook it....I only came across it whilst searching online for somewhere 'different' to eat...and when I came across the review on the Phoenix New Times website(http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/2005-02-10/dining/sultans-of-shish/), I knew this was it...I only docked a star for the (extremely) sparse decor and atmosphere...this place could have been any other type of business with just a change of sign and omission of tables...anyway, the food was great! my fiance ordered skewers of beef and lamb(I'm not too keen on lamb, but the beef was tender and succulent...very well spiced!)...I had a cucumber salad(diced, along with onions and parsley, and soaked in vinegar-lemon juice), which enchanted me so much that I created my own version at home and make it every time I feel like doing a bit of dicing(msg me for the recipe--it's a bit death-breathy and labor-intensive but delicious!)...and, during dessert, I could see why Samarkand was voted 'Best Tea in Phoenix'...the black tea was easily the best I've ever had(besides a special brand of blue ginger tea I make a point to keep my cabinet stocked with)...it was strong and rich...absolutely incredible!definitely make it a point to search this place out--it's worth the effort!
I can't stop talking about the fried chicken at Chelsea's. It is sooooo good.We went here on Saturday night with a group of friends, and we had a great time. We sat at one of the large tables on the front porch, which was perfect, although our friend was disappointed that we weren't on the back porch. Supposedly that's the place to be. Since I had never been, I didn't know the difference.I always feel that tables of 8 are a good test for a restaurant's service. I felt like our waitress did a good job, and I was actually shocked at how quickly some of the food came (I am sure they are popular dishes that the kitchen makes in high volume, but still - she did a good job of getting them to our table). I started with a caesar salad, which I didn't think was that great. It was fine, but it wasn't as good as I expected. I then enjoyed the fish tacos for dinner, which were really tasty. The dish was plentiful, and it was more than enough food. My husband ordered the fried chicken, which was absolutely divine. The chicken was so moist and tender, and the chicken was fried without being greasy. Yummmm.I tried the red velvet cake for dessert, and it was quite good. How can anything with cheesecake frosting be wrong?This is a great casual upscale restaurant. I was disappointed that I hadn't been sooner. The atmosphere is great, and the location is good. Plus, there's plenty of parking (and valet), so it's just convenient. I sort of feel like that's what this restaurant is - a convenient staple when you want a solid meal. The prices are slightly high for what it is ($18 for fish tacos and rice?), but I am desensitized to the high restaurant prices here unfortunately.
burnt.china china caught fire :(
Manager got a little whiney when I insisted that he check his shelf before I drive out to pick up a rare item.  Their stock has been in error before, and sure enough... it was wrong this time.  But no apology of course, and no acknowledgment that I was right to have him check his stock.  Otherwise, selection is good on the whole, but customer service can be a little "iffy" at times.  Easy access right off Lake Pleasant Pkwy on SW corner.
I just cannot understand why this place is so highly rated. Could it be that people have never experienced barbeque outside of Arizona, so they have no basis of comparison? But even that cannot be true. We have Joe's in Gilbert, and even Famous Dave's is pretty darn good. I work a block from this location, so I have been there at least a dozen times. While not great, it is something different once in awhile, so I put in an appearance now and then. The food is not bad, per se, it is just not that good. The prices, on the other hand, are far too high for what you get. $11 gets you a "large sandwich" which is not very large, an order of fries, and a soda--RC brands. For a couple of bucks more I could get a combo platter at Famous Daves. Service is all business. I don't think I have ever seen a smile in the place. But it is fast. The place is usually dirty, but I am usually there right around lunch, so it might be better other times. Just not impressed at all. But...it beats the Burger King down the street which is the worst BK in Christendom. But that is another review.
Cibo is positively adorable.  I love the atmosphere.  I love the little house, and the yard.  I love the excessively busy yet amazingly friendly servers.  I love the iced tea.  I love the bread.  I love the Antipasto plate.  I love making ad-hoc bruchetta out of said bread and Antipasto.  I love the margherita pizza.Just on a Thursday afternoon alone, I don't think I'd ever come with a large group of people.  It just doesn't seem like a wise life decision.Really? It's love overall.  Love, love, love, love.  When I can, I'm dragging my family here.
The price is a little high for me.  They don't give enough bean sprouts without asking for more.  The pho broth is a little too sweet for me also
I have had chicken. I have had waffles. And now, I've had chicken AND waffles. Prior to today, I didn't realize the distinction. Prior to today, I never had cause to consider the combination. Prior to today, I didn't realize what I was missing.Now let's be clear: this isn't the place for dieters. It's not a place for any pretentious behavior. The place has "Chicken & Waffles" in the name, OK? And that's what you're going to get. In abundance.Cheap as hell. I had the #1, also known as KK's. Three huge-ass pieces of chicken -- breas, thigh and mutant leg. All battered and fried to perfection. Two waffles the size of Vermont. A bucket of grits with some egg/cheese/onion concoction on the side. OK, I could have done without the last part. But hey, when in a chicken & waffle place...I'm still full. I won't eat dinner tonight. I crashed out for an hour in post-prandial bliss. And I'd have typed this review faster if I could have stopped sucking my fingers like a four-year-old.Damn.
Oooh!  A shiny new pizza spot!  I have been told time and time again to try Barro's, so the opening of this location was the perfect opportunity to put it to my pepperoni and mushroom test.  All I can say is What Took Me So Long!?  This pizza is GOOD!  Zesty sauce, ample topping coverage and a puffy pillow-like outer crust.  It looks like it would be chewy, but it is not.  How do they do that?  Some sort of pizza alchemy, I am sure.This location is brand new.  The dark wood floors and high-backed booths (that don't yet have butt-indentations from previous guests) are not the typical plastic red/green/white decor what you would expect from a casual pizza restaurant.  The staff is friendly, both on the phone and in person, which is nice.  In addition to fantastic whole pies, they also have inexpensive lunch specials (2 slices and a soda for $4 is my favorite!) until 4pm every day.My only small sadness is that this location does not deliver to my house (even though it is closer than the Barro's that does cover my delivery area).  Oh well, I like this one and will probably visit more than is good for me!
We decided to try out Rudy's last night, hoping the lines wouldn't be too long since it was still 107F outside.  We lucked out!  There were only about ten people in front of us, so we felt we scored!  I am a big fan of Texas BBQ, namely beef ribs and brisket.  I usually go for the lean brisket and light to no sauce (in true TX form).  Last night we ordered the moist brisket ($12.98/lb), coleslaw and a turkey sandwich ($4.99) for DD.With three fountain drinks, the price was about $21.  DH also went back and got the banana pudding and the chocolate pudding for DD and himself.  I think he spent about $6 on that.THE FOOD:  The brisket was DELICIOUS.  It was perfectly smoked and not too fatty for my tastes.  It had a good amount of char on the outer edges, which is my favorite.  The meat stood alone on its own.  Very good sign!  I did try both the Sissy Sauce and the BBQ Sauce.  The BBQ sauce was quite good.  The turkey was smoked, which is not my favorite, but it was pretty good.  DD ate it after making me remove the "black edges" off and getting her two slices of bread instead of the bun it came on.  That was fine with me because I put my brisket on the bun with some BBQ sauce and I was a happy camper.The coleslaw was good.  It was sweet, but not too sweet.  It was crunchy and a little reminiscent of the KFC coleslaw, tbh.  We were disappointed that they did not have any mac n cheese.  Mac n Cheese goes great with brisket!!!DESSERTS: The chocolate pudding was yummy and had an oreo cookie crust at the bottom.  The banana pudding was just okay.  A friend of mine gave me a recipe for banana pudding years ago that is really simple and appears to use the same ingredients, but is far superior.  I wonder if I should share it with Rudy's?!  Overall, we will definitely get Rudy's again.  However, we will probably just order the brisket to go.  We can make the sides for a lot less and I am sure DD would prefer something other than the turkey for dinner.  Yes, that's right, will be back.
First, I'd like to send a shout-out to Irma, our server who has given me hope that there are caring hospitable people in the food industry.  Irma receives 5 stars for taking good care of me and my sweetheart during our recent date at the Havana Cafe. Way to go Irma!We step into a well packed restaurant on a Friday night with plans to try the Sailor's Paella Special and a few cocktails. We wait for just a few seconds until we are greeted by Irma and her warm smile and are led to our table. Our cocktail orders are taken immediately, 1 Mojito and 1 White Sangria. Both exceeded our expectations and were just thing to get our date started.The ambiance is whimsical and charming - Reminded me of the movie "The Bird Cage" without the drag queens and dramatic dialogue. Bummer!Now on to the Paella. It was the perfect dish for the evening offering plenty of shrimp, calamari, crab, scallops, muscles, tuna and a healthy serving of saffron rice. This meal also requires a little handy work to get to the crab and muscles but you are given the proper instruments to do so. This may not be the best choice for those who do not enjoy this kind of food activity but we had a lot of fun with it.  We will be back soon to try another interactive meal and partake of a round or two of Mojitos. So if you are in the mood for something different, fun, and oh so delicioso, I recommend you try a night out at the Havana Cafe. I also hope you have the pleasure of meeting a groovy gal who goes by the name Irma.
***** The service was fantastic, There was a nice warm lady attending the shop and the Gelato was awesome as always!!! ** Yummy Chocolate Caramel Fudge Brownie!! :)
Great new addition to the Old Town neighborhood. Citizen is versatile -- the perfect place for a romantic date, a small gathering, or for just meeting a buddy for a drink. A place with a great vibe.My first impression was that they are intently focused on service quality. Lots of smiling staff to greet you as you enter. Every employee is attentive to every table. Our server was gregarious, accommodating, gracious, and highly proactive. We definitely felt the 'warm and fuzzy' atmosphere.They pay attention to the little things -- such as house-made ketchup for your french fries. The food: about as good as upscale bar food is going to get. For apps we started with the calamari and the crabcakes. Portions weren't large, but very high quality. The calamari was flash-fried and not greasy, and seemed very fresh. For my entree I had the wagyu burger, which was prepared perfectly and served on a fresh challah bun.Overall impression: Citizen will have staying power, unlike many establishments that open in Old Town. The formula is really pretty simple -- offer high quality stuff, equip the place with great staff, and don't go overboard with prices. I'm looking forward to returning!
I have a long history with this place, which is where I worked my first job at 16.  It's run by two Sicilian immigrants and there 2 sons.  Originally the owners had a joint in NY, but moved to the valley and opened this place.They run a military style kitchen where cleanliness is enforced to a maximum.  Almost everything is personally overseen by one of the two owners.They offer a regular Italian menu... the regular pasta choices, nothing too fancy and no Alfredo entree.They have some meat entrees with veal and chicken.The pizza is NY style and really good and rich.They offer a Garlic and Olive Oil pizza that is so good.  I get it with pepperonchinis on it.  The crust on the Sicilian pizza is the best I've had. Sometimes I just crave a small cheese pizza from this joint.The Eggplant Parmesan is in the house here, but everything holds it's own.It's priced ridiculously well, so much so, that the senior citizens roll out from Sun City all the time.They have a few beers on tap, all domestic, and some decent wine, but nothing fancy at all.The bottom line is that the food is good and cheap and the place is real.
The burgers here are pretty average.  Thin, flat, kind-of greasy patties with lettuce and tomato.  But what sets this place apart is their other offerings.  My husband got the tri-tip steak sandwich and he said that it was delicious.  The meat was very tender and cooked perfectly.  I loved the fact that they serve sweet potatoes fries.  Those have become very popular lately but this is the only fast food place I know of that has them.    The ones I tried were cooked perfectly and very lightly salted.  The onion rings were also cooked just right with no soggy pieces.  I thought that the batter to onion ratio was slighly scewed toward the former but my hubby thought they were perfect.  Their regular fries are also very good.  I tried the chocolate shake and it was really yummy too.  I think its great that you can get a veggie burger here as well as a tuna steak sandwich.  The extra toppings they offer such as sauteed mushrooms, avacado, and teriyaki and BBQ sauce are all a big plus as well.The decor is simple since it is a fast food joint.  The booths were big and comfy and the faux leather looked slightly more upscale than you would expect.  We went on opening day so the service was phenominal.  We didn't have to wait long for our order and everything was to our specifications.  Servers came by serveral times to pick up trash and offer to refill our drinks.  The restroom was very small but clean. I try not to eat fast food too often but I will consider coming back next time I am craving a burger.  Or maybe I'll give one of their salads a try.  They earned a repeat visit from me and an extra star since they donated 100% of their opening day profits to Phoenix Children's Hospital.  A big thanks to Sarah S for posting that on Yelp events page so that we could contribute... and fill our bellies!
The lemon grass pork is 2 stars on a generous day. Disappointing, since they tout their Vietnamese selections as being specialties. The pork was tough and the noodles were more like lo mein than the vermicelli type rice noodles I was expecting. Portions are certainly generous enough... I like that you can make your own rice bowl. That's the direction I recommend if you come here.
Ok first off, with the demise of Soma and the fact that Green is in Tempe.....this place is a welcome sight, and I know I'll be back. The food is excellent. However I feel that Dr Weil has has has the wool pulled over his eyes by Mr. Fox. Come one "Anazazi Beans" and a drink called the "Medicine Man"? Really- as an American Indian rights advocate you'd think we'd be past this. Actually, you'd think educated white men with lots of money would be past this --but ya know. Just because Anazazi really refers to Ancestral Pueblo people who lived mainly in NM and N. AZ and means "ancient enemy" in Navajo so that term isn't used by nearly ANYONE anymore...means that you probaby shouldn't call your dish by that name. Other than that- I give em props for trying.I recently had another experience there where EVERYTHING was going wrong that night, and the staff recovered....kinda. My advice, shape up if ya wanna last.
On a mission to find some University of Michigan apparel that fit my pregnant body, I started my search with a phone call to Sports Authority.  I struck out there within minutes as I was told that they only carry AZ team apparel.  Shucks!Luckily for me, Lindsey F overheard my conversation and suggested I call Bischoff's Shades of the West.  She remembered seeing a ton of college apparel during her last visit to this touristy store with all kinds of inventory including Western wear, food products, jewelry, etc... I skeptically called and sure enough, Bischoff's carries UofM apparel as well as all kinds of sports paraphernalia including hats, t-shirts, shorts, keychains, and more from the NCAA, NFL, NBA, NHL, and more!I headed over that afternoon and found what I was looking for... and now I know where to go when on the hunt for all kinds of random items from AZ novelty gifts to college football attire.  Thanks Bischoff's, and "go blue!"
My picks:Derby SmashGreen Chili RisottoPan Seared EscolarSticky BunsIf you are looking for Arizona charm, this is the place. Every Arizona resident needs to experience this hidden gem.Thanks Jacquie, Kristy & Tim for continuing to believe in this historic restaurant and landmark!
Rinaldi's Italian Deli is a very good place for lunch if your in this area and looking for something a little lighter than a burger and fries.  They are conveniently located near the corner on Deer Valley and 19th ave, next to Dunkin Donuts.  They are open for breakfast, lunch and an early dinner.  I recommend going during breakfast or lunch if your interested in their "Specials of the Day" that are on their hot plates. These items don't look too appetizing if you go by in the late afternoon or evening. They offer homemade soups and fresh cut salads loaded with just about anything you could imagine.  They have a small selection of homemade pasta salads as well.  I had their pastrami on rye with their spicey, nazzle opening, and horse radishy dressing.  The pastrami was very good but had to be heated in a micro-wave. My sandwich was assembled very well so props to the girl behind the counter!  Their Italian pasta salad was excellent. Their Cob salad was also very good, nothing fancy but a good balance of veggies, bacon, egg, tomato, blue cheese, avocado with grilled chicken.Not one of the better deli's in Phoenix but loads better than any chain deli!  It's a nice alternative to burgers and fries.
This is my first review on Yelp so here you go...I love Yasu!!  This is by far the best sushi and authentic japanese restaurant in Phoenix.  I have been there numerous times and it never disappoints.  You have to try their Sumibiyaki which are items cooked over Japanese charcoal, last time I was there I had the beef tongue..sounds weird but its so goodNigiri/sashimi are a must.  They always have the best selection and daily special, most important...its always fresh...this is definately important!!  The sweet shrimp is my personal favorite and anything else you order, you will find the fish is sliced with great execution.  Request fresh chopped wasabi, you will never eat sushi with out it again!  Love this place!!
5/19/102.5 stars.Didn't really care for the interior, and the tables outside weren't beckoning, either.  It was very antiseptic and cold indoors, with only the menu handwritten on the chalkboard, the plain-looking pastry display case (devoid of any ornamentation or even a sign of any effort in making everything inside presentable), and, what looked to me, an antique-looking espresso machine on the counter to lend decoration to the all-white interior.  It was also very noisy indoors, despite the fact that there were only a handful of people!  Ordered the Mascarpone and fig jam on marble rye ($4) and the Lox w/ cream cheese and tomato ($8 or $9), as well as a latte, no sugar.  The coffee came in a paper cup... why?  Made me feel like she wanted me to leave.  Loved the mascarpone and fig!  (So much so, I soon acquired a jar of organic fig jam from Whole Foods, but I need to find good marble rye toast...)  The lox, however, was disappointing.  While I found the flavors palatable, I thought the lox strips were too thin (I had lox at True Foods Kitchen that were wild-caught and larger for only a couple of dollars more), and the cream cheese rectangles looked strange with its right angles (after seeing such a lovely presentation done w/ the Mascarpone and fig jam).  Made me wish I'd had two sets of the toast!It was nice to see that they still roasted the coffee beans on-site.  I wish nothing but success to Toast, but I won't be going back-- at least not for a good long while...
I took advantage of That's A Wrap for their catering services yesterday and once again, was totally impressed!  I called around 10am for a 5pm delivery... I wanted to make sure that those of us who were working at the Phoenix Art Museum all day preparing for the pARTy had some fuel to get us through the evening.  Sure enough, That's A Wrap delivered - literally and figuratively.  I ordered a platter of assorted sandwiches, fruit, chips, cookies, and bottled water - it was perfect!  Everything was delicious!  It arrived right on time and it was all labeled so it was easy to figure out what you were eating.  I had the "Godfather" wrap (Salami, ham, and provolone wrapped in a honey wheat tortilla with lettuce, tomato, red onion, sun- dried tomato mayo and a drizzle of olive oil).  I don't usually choose salami and ham but for whatever reason, this is the one that sounded best to me yesterday - and it was!Thanks That's A Wrap for fueling me and all of the yelper helpers for the pARTy... I'll be back to visit soon!
Decided to stop by for breakfast by myself one Sunday morning.  The reviews on Yelp were enticing, so I gave it a shot.  I ordered the Sonora Potato and Sausage Hash (Eggs, Potatoes, Hot Links, Chipotle, Garlic, Onions, Peppers) w/side of Sourdough Toast, $8.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nEyREad5GZd3RiEZA-Irpw?select=TKoW6UY1opAaH4wFxLkFpgI couldn't wait to take a bite of my dish as I love Hot Links and have never seen it in a Breakfast item before....it didn't disappoint, it was very good.  The Hot Link was actually spicy, which is often not the case.  The Potatoes were very tasty as well.  My only complaint was that it was kind of a small portion...I was left wanting more.My server was very friendly and welcoming.  She asked how I found the joint and addressed me by name when I left....very cool.Return Factor - 98%
love love love this place for a second i don't feel like i'm in fakville anymore.  Live music and a diverse crowd.  They make a great infused berry tea smoothie no dairy just juice and ice!  Parking is great and the selection of food is appropriate and divine for a cafe.  Very comfortable and not to image conscious inside!  Love that it's independent and staff is so lovely.  I would pay $10 for a latte just to support them!  Punch card too!
3 kids and myself.. 14 bucks.. gotta love a Tuesday kids eat free. While I still had to buy two adults to get two kids free... totally worth it. The place was clean, service excellent. The pizza was looking pretty bad when we goth there but after eating some ok salad, the fresh ones rolled out and were great. Garlic cheese bread typePep, ham and jalapenoChicken wingThey were all great. Cinnamon Roll for dessert...yummy!Really if you have not been here for a few years come back with an open attitude and a hunger to pack in some pizza, chicken, mashed taters, spaghetti, salad, dessert and of course pizza...any kind you want, they will try to make it.
When Tempe Market place was being put together...I though WOW a swanky place where college kids and laid back adults could get together and enjoy themselves.  Cadillac Ranch was being built...and the hype was hot enough to make you buy a meal ahead of time.  Read the reviews but thought...what they hey lets try it out.  And now I see why it has two stars...should have listened to the other yelpers -_-... went there is Good ole' Rada, thought it would be nice to enjoy the day outside.  Nearly Drowned by the ample amount of misters.  Thought to self...hmm well at least the food should be good.  Ordered the sliders meal... maybe they were scarce on meat, but the slider patties were the size of silver dollars, tasty but small.  Yes the service was slow; my glass was getting refilled faster by the misters than the actual waiter. It gets two stars in my book for the service and the overall experience (for lunch that is). you get what you pay for..and for 11 bucks, a couple barbie sized patties in human size buns, a not so 'AHH' diet coke, and 5 oz of wine (and that's on the 2.00 happy hour deal) ... kind of seems appropriate.  I recommend this if you are stuck hanging around Tempe Market place and you have just a few bucks and feel like getting close to full...and now I think that Tempe Market place took Mill Ave's charm...and they need to step up to compensate killing a once adorned chill out spot for ASU and Tempe.  Shopping is good...we could deff replace CR for perhaps Sakana? Who knows...Bye for now!
When I moved to the Valley, our first place was a rental in Old Town.  The previous tenant/owner generously left a bunch of take-out menus for nearby restaurants.  Defalco's was one of them.  But not being a fan of the sandwich, it took me four years and a move to actually go in.  What a fool I was.  This place is fantastic!  First off, it's not just a deli, it's an Italian market.  Had I actually read the full name of the place, I might have known that.  It's also got a somewhat extensive selection of wine available for purchase.  So now we've moved from a deli, to a grocer, to a wine shop.  Don't forget the pasta dishes and the pastry, too.  My fave sandwich is the tomato, mozz, and basil on a sub roll with olive oil and balsamic.  Simple, yet perfection.  I'm a huge fan of those sub rolls by the way.  Crusty on the outside, but not so crusty that it makes a big mess every time you take a bite, yet soft and chewy on the inside.  It's always about the bread for me.  Great selection of prepared salads in the deli as well.  One of the best red potato salads I've had in a long time.It certainly won't take me another four years to go back.  I think I've been there just about every week in the last month!
Camus is a cute little trendy bar/restaurant located in the Clarendon hotel.  I came here for a business lunch awhile ago and really enjoyed it.  We were one of two tables though, so service was top notch.  Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and was able to answer any and all questions we had.The chef even came out to say a hello, which I found to be impressive.  The calamari app was excellent and my dish of mushroom gnocchi was amazing. I definitely recommend this place!
I had the pleasure of visiting FBH with my fave Foodie Bear and Robert a while back. (Yeah I'm behind on reviews). All I can say is WOW. I have become a fan of FBH. We walked in to a small, clean space. You order your yummy meal at the counter and you have to be quick to grab a table! My advice, grab a table then go order. For my yummy meal I had the fry bread with beans and green chile. I was delighted to see that I could wash my guilt-ridden meal down with Big Red Cream soda...mmm.. When I bit into my fry bread it was crispy and light on the outside and nice and chewy in the middle. It was so good. I wished for a little more spice or flavor from the green chile sauce, but it still did the job. We also tried the chocolate and butter fry bread. It was so-so in my opinion, but I'm not much of a sweets person so definitely not a knock on FBH! I will certainly visit FBH again maybe after I do a giant work out or have been fasting for 5 days... it's just too good to eat on a regular basis!
Chai is alive and well, and living at City Center at City North.I had been dating a gal name Starbucks for the past few years. She was a plain gal, generic if you will.  She was dependable and available. I was feeling as if i needed more out of my relationship, as you can imagine. So, at times, I would cheat on my gal with another gal named Coffee Bean. Coffee Bean was Kosher and a bit edgier, yet had a leaner list of qualities. I needed more out of my relationships. They say that when you're not looking for someone new, they appear. Well, that was the case with my new crush named Press. I had been to High Street for dinner Kona Grill, yet most of the other shops and restaurants were closed or not yet open for business at the time. I ventured back during daytime hours to give them another opportunity.  I had heard about Press, so I was more than excited to give it a go. At this point I was still making caffeine a part of my diet, so i ordered something called a "Dirty Chai." This was a Chai with espresso shots. Press uses a powdered Chai which, in my opinion, works better than the liquid or tea bag forms. I was also given the option to have my frothy delight in a ceramic cup.  I opted for that.  I felt like i was having the type of coffee house experience I had only just imagined. Press occupies a well appointed space, too.  From the wood and granite, to the stained concrete floors, I felt as if i were in a European city, not a Phoenix strip mall. The free wi-fi is a major plus, in my opinion. Press goes as far as to have a "dog friendly" cart outside, in its ample outdoor seating area. I spoke with Steve, the owner of Press, at length.  In talking, I asked how Press came to be, and he said that his wife had wanted to open a coffee shop one day.  Well Steve, you have certainly exceeded her expectations, as well as the residents of the Greater Phoenix area. By the way, Press serves sandwiches and soups, as well as an extensive list of wines. Check it out, the staff will make you feel at home, or like you're on vacation in the cozy European city of your choice.
I walked here in the heat and was immediately greeted with an ice cold beer. For free! It was a delicious IPA and the staff couldn't have been friendlier. There were even snacks. I also had another sample of their Camelback ale. Both were heaping samples, almost a full cup. The tour was fun and informative. The co owner George even gave me and my boyfriend a ride to the lightrail stop!! We didn't bring our bikes. So awesome.  Definitely recommend. Lovely way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
Great service, good beer, AMAZING burger and yummy sweet potato fries.  This place is an awesome bar food venue with a cool interior design, not too pricey or pretentious.
It pains me to write a negative review of PJ, but I just have to ... I was so excited for the new location to open because my husband and I go to the Indian School location any time we're down that way, and this is way closer to home. We were impressed by all the room up there! Not cramped like the other locations. Unfortunately, the food was not nearly as good! Both of our meals were not nearly as good as we've had before (at the other locations). Also, our service was terrible. We asked another server if ours was new, but nope: She'd bee there since it opened a couple months ago. She forgot jalapeno our hummus appetizer (to their credit, they brought it out after our meal and gave it to us for free, but it was bland and not that good). She charged me for a side of tahini, even though it was supposed to come with my veggie burger, and she never refilled our drinks. Overall, this was a very disappointing PJ experience. I'll try again one more time, but if it doesn't improve, I won't be going back to this North Valley location. :(
are you joking? Where else can you get the best salami, ham, any cold cuts anywhere? I just moved here 6 months ago and have been searching for a place like this. Their meats are fantastic. I discovered this place after driving by it so many times. thought I'd take a chance. Location is awful. but worth the trip.
At the recommendation of a friend, I met a client here for lunch.  My client was arriving from out of town and this joint is very conveniently located near the airport.  I guess once upon a time, it was an actual stockyard.  Now, it's an old school restaurant that has a lot of character.After browsing the menu, I opted for a BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich & Fries, $10.  To wash it down, I ordered Iced Tea.The Pork Sandwich was awesome, very tasty and a large portion.  You will get full.  The Fries were tasty as well.My client was impressed with the restaurant and put it on his "best place near the airport to have a lunch meeting" list....+++The service was great and we were able to have a good lunch meeting that left us both satisfied.Return Factor - 100%
Still love their product, but their online ordering process just doesn't work.  First time, my order was sent to the wrong market.  Second time, I was shorted a package of chops.  I checked the bag before I left the market, so it was only a minor inconvenience.  Third time I ordered bacon, which was listed as available on the web site, and then contacted and advised it was not and may not be available for a few weeks.  Since I paid upon ordering, I had to go through the hassle of waiting for a refund.I've also noticed inconsistency in portion size which is a problem considering you pay by product, rather than pound.  Boneless chops should be roughly 6-oz each, yet I've received 4-oz chops at times, resulting in 50% less product for the same price.  Not a deal breaker for me, but something to consider.I continue to purchase from these guys regularly, but no longer try to order ahead.  And I do wish they would have bacon available more often!
I have been here countless times since my last review and found myself here for a quick drink and some appetizers last night.  I took a huge hiatus as I was in Michigan for a month and then have been crazy busy since arriving back in Phoenix and transitioning into a new job- I was sad because I thought they would've forgotten me.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that they did not forget me at all.  I love that!We grabbed some brews and shared the patatas bravas (a personal favorite) and the mushroom appetizer.  The mushroom appetizer was heavy on the cheese but still a tasty bite.  The patatas bravas really never fail- they remind me of my Mom's version of french fries.  I'd highly recommend this place for a date- it seems to pay off in more ways than one.  Always great service and interesting eats- still lovin' Tuck Shop for being in my neighborhood!
Look it upsets me that you have to give even one star. I can read the other reviews and I have been here more than a few times but tonight it was just beyond a bad dinner. Yes, we were the table of 7 people at about 8pm, yes we were group at the high top tables that were pushed together. You would have to remember us because we were the table that had 1/2 of a waiter. It was so nice of you to take the time to take our order and then let the waiter go home because he had been there since lunch. You know what sucks more than working 2 shifts? How about being the last table for the guy who worked 2 shifts, it was so nice of the manager to let him leave, but hey how about taking the time to have someone FINISH the open orders? Simply the food was not good and you are over priced.But the worst part is that your staff is just not good at their job, THEY DONT CARE and that is a result of MANAGEMENT not caring.
One star would be giving it a holiday gift!For me Copper Star Coffee Shop has been a place where consistency and pride is taken in their food and presentation. Unfortunately, Circle H BBQ is nothing like the prior statement.My first visit to Circle H BBQ centered on ordering a half slap of ribs. They were extremely over-cooked.  There was more charcoal on the top, back and ends that was just not editable.  Once you scraped away the charcoal, on the tops, ends and the center ribs, there was one that was eatable. The company offered me a second chance to try their food, by giving me a complementary full slap.  Nothing had improved.They say they smoke the ribs, but there was no odor to that effect. In face the ribs I ordered the second time spend over 20 minutes on the grill after the order was placed.Btw...the waitress at the front counter couldn't even tell be the type of rub on the ribs and the type of cut they were. When I asked if they were smoked (cooked) daily, she said some are if you get here early - others were from the refrigerator from last night. The so called "dry-rub" seasoning was tasteless. The BBQ sauce is major strange!The bottom line is the ribs were not worth the cost they were charging. ($14/Half for 6 bones and $26/Whole 12-13 bones both with sides) I have high hopes for the brisket, but it might be a while untill I try that endeavor.Overall if they don't change the way they 'burn" the ribs, run, run or drive real fast to another place.  The charcoal is not good for you and there is lots of it!Honey Bears, My Mothers or even driving to Famous Dave's is well worth the trip.Sorry to burst your bubble, I too, had high hops for a centrally located rib place.  I'm still waiting.
I hate having to give out three star reviews. For me, 1-star isn't the worst possible rating you can an establishment, a 3 is. Because 3 stars means it invoked no reaction to you, neither joy or disgust, no pleasure or pain. I'd rather eat at a really shitty place that I'll remember than a so-so eatery that I'll forget the moment I get back into my truck.If I want mediocre "take it or leave it" food I'll just cook for myself, kthxbye.As BFeF's (Best Frienemies Forever), Clarice W and I frequently have lunch together in the Peoria area. The decision on what to eat is usually made using the following criteria: Where haven't we been that we can yelp about?Our last lunch involved us going to Hope Kee and getting all wrapped up in their cutesy snack section and coming in late to work. So we needed somewhere relatively closer with no Hello Kitty gummi lips to distract us from our voyage back.Clarice suggested Casa Filipina, a Filipino place by the Lenny's Burger somewhere near but not necessarily 35th Avenue.We were welcomed in by the staff and taken immediately to a nice cozy table by the window. We were given our menus by the excited and talkative waiter I would come later to know as "that fucking guy". At first I was a little troubled reading the menu. I was once in a relationship with a Filipino girl that was so tumultuous and unloving that when I seriously thought of breaking up with her that my first thought "but  man, I love her mother's cooking...". But aside from the adobo and lumpia, I saw nothing else on the menu that I could recall from all those awkward awkward family dinners.I can't tell if this means there's more to the cuisine than I'm aware of or that said ex's mother was, as well as a good cook, a fucking liar. Either way, I'm glad I left her in the end anyway.I ordered the Dinguan, which translates as "chocolate pork".Don't be fooled by the name, all you saucy foodies out there thinking of that Iron Chef America where they made savory dishes with chocolate.Chocolate pork is actually pork cooked in pig's blood. I'll repeat that.It's pig's blood. It's called "chocolate pork" because the blood takes on a brownish-black hue after it's been cooked.After hearing this from that fucking guy, Clarice changed her original order (we even order the same thing! aren't we just the cutest!) to the Bistek Tagalog, which she was familiar with and knew she would like.All the entries come with at CFB is a side of ride. I'm not sure if it's jasmine, white, or saffron, because I always opt for noodles when given the option. And if you get that fucking guy, that rice doesn't even come with soy sauce. After serving us, he disappeared into the bakery, talking it up with some of the other customers. Clarice didn't get her soy sauce until after we had finished our entrees and were on our second helping of rice. Thankfully my chocolate pork came with a lot of sauce and I was able to dribble it on my rice. That's right, muchachos. We trannies prefer blood on our rice. You think about that the next time you try to tell us what bathrooms we can use, amigo.I couldn't taste the pork. All I tasted was the blood. They could've just dumped a quart of blood on my rice and called it a day. The texture was nice though.Clarice wasn't as fortunate with her dish. While I've tried to stay away from beef (it's enough of a commitment to keep my vegetarian brother off my back but not interfere with my eating habits), I had some of the Bistek, and it was passable. It reminded me of beef jerky, with its dry spicy roughness. Good, but not sure if that's how it's meant to taste.Moral of the story: Clarice's entree did NOT make its own gravy, which made eating her rice a little inconvenient. And seriously, JUST rice (really good rice, but seriously, how hard is it to make good rice)? Even my neighborhood so-poor-it-steals-its-recipes-from-other-restaurants Chinese place gives you an eggroll or wonton with your meal. As the place is so fucking proud of its desserts, we ordered some. Clarice got the Creme Brulee and I got the mango tart. That fucking guy was in the middle of bringing Clarice her spoon when he caught the attention of another customer, so we sat for a good few minutes waiting to dig in. In the meantime, I managed to come up with a name for the color of the filling in my tart : burnt earwax. My tart was about as tasty and edible as that term would imply.Clarice's creme brulee was good, albeit a little cold by the time that fucking guy came with her spoon.On our way out I learned that the bill had to be over 10 dollars before they would accept debit.After I imagined beating every one of the staff near to death with a rolling pin, I got an eclair to go.What I got was a bunch of whipped cream between two pieces of rock-hard pastry that you'd get at Fry's. Essentially, a diabetes sandwich.Casa Filipina isn't good. But it's not bad.That's the proble
"Fine dining" is not just a setting.  it isn't just good food.  It is many things that add up to an attitude. I have had the opportunity to find it in different cities. I found it the other night at the Stockyards.We were seated by a host who took us to our table and when we were properly seated gave us menus.  Our server came to the table and introduced herself and said she would return shortly.  It was nice to have a moment to chat before we had to think about ordering.  When she did return,  our glasses were filled-not something we should have  to wait for her to do when the service is right.  She knew the selections on the menu and all available options and could make sensible comments concerning them.  Our salads were served promptly by two additional people and were as fresh as I could ask for.  When my friend was finished with hers they asked if they could take her plate.  I was pleased when they didn't ask me if I was finished with my salad and could they take my plate.  If I'd been finished I could have told them.  We were able to continue our conversation uninterrupted as I finished my salad.  The salad plate was removed  when it was appropriate and we had a few minutes before the entrees were served.  All was in keeping with a relaxed dining.  At no time did I have to think about having drinks refilled, it just happened quietly.After a few minutes our dinners were served by the two gentlemen and our server appeared to make sure they were to our satisfaction before we started.  There was no room for error there that couldn't be resolved before we started.  My friend had ordered a small steak. My friend is  quite elderly and Kathy, our server, discretely asked her if she'd like it cut for her.  A potato also was served with her dish.  I asked my friend which of the condiments she would like it prepared with.  She look at me and said "Prepared with?" She didn't understand what I was getting at but Kathy did and was already reaching for the potato.   She opened the potato and smiled while my friend said a bit of everything.  One doesn't go to a restaurant like the stockyards to have to deal with opening a hot potato and preparing it.   When serving is done properly, these things don't have to be discussed.  Kudos to, Kathy!!!.  That is part of the fine dining experience.I had a full rack of ribs which were so tender the meat fell of them.  The sauce had spice to it but not so strong the flavor of the meat was concealed.  I also can tell you that unless you are a big eater, half a rack would fill most people.  My friend said, "Yummy!"  and I agreed.  I am used to getting a finger bowl for clean up after eating, but I can't complain about the two extra napkins and several ways of cleaning my fingers that accompanied my ribs.  My friend let them know we were celebrating the 17th anniversary of my 39th birthday so they served me a free desert.  I can assure you the pecan pie is a delight!  Warm and laced with brandy, it was perfect way to finish our dinner.The stockyards, I might mention, is not inexpensive, but what an enjoyable way to spend your money. They do offer two dinner specials you won't find at most other places.  They do have a luncheon menu that has lower prices.   Don't expect chrome and music that is a bit to loud as many of the new places offer.  Instead, just enjoy a time and place where they pamper you as you should be when you go to the Stockyards.I don't consider the stockyards to be a place you where shorts and Nike's, but of course there are always a few.  I would say a nice shirt and slacks at least.
Came here last night with the girlies to satisfy our craving for Indian food.  We've talked about this place for a while, and I'll be damned if I was leaving AZ before stopping by this place!  So luckily, I was able to convince one of the girls that finals are not as important as saying goodbye to me over a plate of curries.We got their around 8 and the place had a good crowd.  We were the only white girls, so we know we were in for a good meal.  Going over the menu took us a while, because one of the girls had no clue what she wanted, and the server was polite enough to let us take our time.Before we figured out what we wanted for dinner, of course we had to figure out drinks.  So we all order and still continue to peruse the menu.  Then our drinks came out...huge plus for this place right here, they were huge!  My gin and tonic was in an oversized cocktail glass and my friend's Chardonnay was filled to the brim.  No skimping on alcohol here!  The waiter advised us the drinks were strong, which I was fine with but my girlfriend needed 3 more limes to take hers down.We finally end up decided on dinner, with the shahih paneer, chicken saag, and vegetable korma, and an order of garlic naan.  I was a little unsure about the paneer, but my girlfriends swore by it.When the food arrived, we were excited!  Everything smelled so flavorful and the naan was huge, good thing we only got one order.  I loved every single bite I had at dinner, and the feeling was mutual across the table.  All of us ate beyond the point of feeling full, but we couldn't help ourselves!  This food was too good!Luckily, we were able to stop ourselves and save some food to take home.  I got the chicken saag and I am so excited to have some for my own brunch.  Mmmmm...I'm getting hungry thinking about it now.Overall, $20 a person including tip, with strong drinks, good food, and extras to take home we were satisfied.
I love vegetarian restaurants! I support them 200%. So glad this place exists in Phoenix. The quality of the food is beyond excellent. The meals are creative and super tasty. Never disappointed. The only qualm I have is the service. It...is...slow. Whether it's the time it takes for my meal to reach my table or the cashier taking my order to ring it up correctly. The length of time it takes should not be so long. Prices are a bit steep but most vegetarian/vegan restaurants are priced a bit higher than others. I don't mind paying more for quality. Overall this place is a favorite weekend visit. I can't wait for my next meal at Pomegranate Cafe.
This place is pretty fantastic. I actually felt like I was in a real life city when I was sitting here the other day on my laptop looking out the window. I sorely miss living in a real life city, specifically Boston, so places like this make me super happy. Staff are really cool and helpful. Its spacious and clean, and I don't feel like everyone in the place can see my screen, not that there is anything weird on there... okay there probably is, but bottom line is no one else is staring over my shoulder making me feel self conscious about shit I enjoy looking at on the internet. The coffee is delicious and strong. Nothing worse than a weak cup'o joe. I had a pot of their Orange Detox also, which wasn't terrible, but I could tell they used tap water.. I loathe tap water and can immediately tell a difference because I think the tap here tastes absolutely fucking disgusting. I still drank it though, because the chick promised me it would help me feel better.. Guess what, I sneezed all night. O'well.Another thing I liked about this place is that there aren't 500 hipsters or emo-assholes sitting around looking depressed.. maybe I was lucky that day because it wasn't very crowded at all. So yeah, I dug Lola, and the prices are CHEAP. Thankfully this is yet another groovy coffee shop in the valley that is there to help me avoid the Corporate Whore that is Starbucks.
I decided to give this place another shot.  This time around I was sober, and thus have actual memories.After grabbing a drink my friend and I decided to head out to the patio.  A group of 3 guys graciously let us share their table since the place was packed.  A short period later one of the guys pours his drink into the candle holder and storms off.  I made a comment about it being his time of the month and I'm not so sure they appreciated it because they all left.  Although, the most sober of the bunch seemed embarrassed.  Whatever, free table, woohoo!Next table starts having a beer fight.  I'm not kidding.  I then started feeling really old.And overdressed.An employee comes by to clean up the empty bottles from my table and notices the candle holder full of liquid.  I told him about the guy with PMDD.  He made a little joke about the the guy being upset over my rejection of him.  Final analysis- Patron has some cool employees and some not so cool customers.
These are simply the BEST sandwiches and salads. If you like your food (a) locally grown; (b) freshly made; (c) organic/all natural; and (d) yummy - and who doesn't? - this is the place for you.Now, admittedly they have something of a soup-nazi routine set up and if you walk in and don't know the drill, it can be confusing.  So pay attention:   1.  Look at menu.2.  Decide what you want.3.  Wait your turn to order.4.  Order (give your name).5.  Wait your turn to be called to pay the other girl for the order you placed.6.  Pay her.7.  Wait until your food is ready.8.  Leave with your food.Note that there is no place to sit inside - so you can either sit outside, or, (if it is 157 degrees out that day), see if you can find a place to sit over at LUX, they are very welcoming of Pane Bianco diners. It's all good.
After a couple recent visits I can't help but notice that Mellow Mushroom just isn't the place it was when it first opened.  I remember enjoying full pints of St.Berardus Christmas Ale at happy hour prices as well as other "high gravity" options that were served in normal glasses.  Now they're in smaller glasses that look like a highball or rocks glass, but the price isn't smaller.   When I go in prime dining hours somehow 3 of us can rack up a tab exceeding $100 and it just seems a bit extreme for pizza 'n beers.  This isn't the Biltmore or Kierland.  It's a very middle class area and I'm not sure how the prices are a good match for folks who live nearby and dine here.But it's not just the prices I guess.  It seems like a lot of the servers are not happy and give attitude, and I'm a very polite person in public so I know it wasn't me. At the bar last winter I've chatted with a guy who knows a lot about beer but lately it seems the bartenders are just attractive females who don't really know craft beer, and the overall demographic in the bar isn't the same.  Call me an old fart, but I'd rather talk about West Coast beers than have all the eye candy.  Also they have all these wonderful beers but it seems like everyone around me was ordering Coors' Blue Moon.  Why can't those people just hang out at TGI Friday's?
Restaurants that are open 24 hours play an important role for certain kinds of people - ones that work odd hours, people who like to eat at non-standard times of day, and, of course, people who are out late partying and want to put something in their stomach at 3 am. Taco Felix is a godsend for anyone who falls into one or more of the above categories. It provides decent and affordably-priced Mexican food 24 hours a day and best of all, it has a drive-through. My husband and I tried this place for the first time for lunch today. We went at a standard time of day because this place is just a few blocks from us and we wanted to see if it was decent before we tried it out one night after midnight after karaoking it up at Silver Pony (just a block or so away). We ordered 4-5 different items - rolled tacos, bean tostada, carne asada taco, quesadilla supreme, and a chile relleno - and a large soda, and it only came out to $12! As a side note, the credit card receipt didn't provide a space to leave a tip, so you should bring a few bucks to thank the employee working for their efforts. The only major downside was that it took quite a while for our food to come, since the drive-through was hopping (lots of people getting menudo after a crazy Friday night, I'm assuming) and there were only 2 chefs and one server (who had to take and serve both drive-through and eat-in orders). However, the food was definitely decent and the portions really sizable, and we felt that it was a great value for our money. Now that we know Taco Felix serves good food for good prices, we won't hesitate to come back during one of those unusual times - to get a chorizo/egg burrito on the way to an early morning flight, to grab a mid-afternoon snack when most other places are closed, or to fill our stomachs late one night after a few drinks.
While doing a bicycle ride to the Orange Table, I pointed to a friend that LuLus Cupcakes was accessbile from our bike path. She immediately exclaimed- "we are SO there tomorrow!"Today, I get a phone call at 4pm, saying she is picking me up to go get those damn cupcakes. She was serious! Since I had off and she got off early, we were able to visit the holy mecca of cupcake land. She picked me up in what may be one of the most ridiculous blue convertables known to man and we zoomed up to Scottsdale, blasting bad hip hop, psyched about individual iced cakes!Upon arrival, the space was sparse and very IKEA-ish. Pinks and lime greens dominate the palate. To the right of the counter was t-shirts, rubber duckies and other merch. They do have a brown with orange stripes guy shirt...in XL. I guess big men love cupcakes!But the real star are the cupcakes themselves...lovingly displayed under glass domes. Carrot cakes, german chocolate cake, mocha chocolate cake, blonde (vanilla on vanilla), chocolate on vanilla, and the special of the day key lime....oh man. MERCY. I kept dodging between the carrot and the mocha and went for the Mocha. All natural ingrediants and VEGAN sprinkles! (But very much all dairy icings, btw). Our lady, I think Melissa, was super helpful and even offered samplings of cupcakes to help us decide. She put each individual cupcake in a plastic bubble and in a cute lime green/pink dotted bag. She noted they do have mini cupcakes for events (OMG) and I would totally splurge for those suckers. The only real negative (besides times..I mean if this place was open late, it would be HEAVEN) was the lack of drink choices. Coffee, milk or water. Um..I mean, I dont knew a bazillion options, but even tea would have been nice. I chose hot coffee which was fine. But iced coffee as an option would have been kick ass...or lime rickeys! OMG!As an FYI, you can leave the strip mall complex and head down to the park and eat your delectables under  a shaded tree on a park bench over looking a "pond" like we did. I savoured my 2.95 cupcake, and the icing and cake was perfect. I cant even describe how yummy it was. It was worth every cent. And they arent gigantic, so you feel perfectly satisfied with your cupcake.100% Natural, 100% Naughty is their logo...LOVE IT!
I'm so in love with this place :) I tried the pepperoni pizza and I was AMAZED. i love that they have a fresh herb/vegetable garden in the front.  It's all about the FRESH ingredients these days.  I can't wait to go back and try different dishes. I'd like to try the cheese platters :) mouth watering as we speak.  going again to day so I'll keep adding to this review. STAY TUNED! BTW, the decor reminds me of the VIG but definitely more spacious dining area.
took mom here for a visit on friday.  overall I like queen creek olive mill. I like that you can enjoy a meal or snack outside.  I like the stuffed olives and even though i didn't do the tour this time, i think that it is a great idea.  so, i have to say in general I'm a fan. with that said.... mom and I had lunch already but the food I did see did not look promising but we did enjoy two small gelatos ( $5.00).  I wish they offered some complimentary bread to sample the olive oils with.  Its a little difficult to find but very cute place to take your mom or friend or anyone who likes olive oil!
We had read good things about Over Easy, and were excited to try it out. We went a few days after Christmas, and were horribly disappointed.When we walked in, we were seated by one server. Then, a few minutes later, another host came up to us and asked why we stole a table and did we not understand how seating works? We were quite confused and offended, as we were seated properly and had done nothing wrong.Then, once we ordered, we waited over 45 minutes for our food. Finally, we asked about it, and then it was out within a few minutes. They had completely lost our order.When our food arrived, one dish (the Over Easy -- toasted brioche with spinach & an egg) was absolutely inedible. The brioche was so burnt that we could barely cut it, as was the bacon. The fried egg was very undercooked, even though we requested it completely cooked through. I was honestly shocked the server brought us the dish without saying anything, since it was clearly burnt.The other 2 dishes (banana & pecan french toast, and the Loretta sandwich) were just alright -- certainly nothing to rave about. And, the 3 of us ended up splitting these 2 dishes, since the other dish was awful. We ended up leaving early because we were all so disappointed. At which point, our server asked if we'd like a box for our uneaten burnt brioche. It would have been much more appropriate for her to ask if there was something wrong with it, since it was obviously not eaten.Anyway, I'm not sure if we just caught them on a bad day, but I would never go back again or recommend Over Easy to anyone else.
Some of the best pizza I've had in Phoenix. I prefer to get takeout since the inside is a little...eh... but who cares if the food's good! I love the crust, crispy and slightly chewy. The pizza can be a little greasy sometimes (but hey, it's pizza), but as long as it doesn't soak through and make the crust all flimsy (which has never happened with the pizzas I get here!) it's nothing that a paper towel or two can't fix! I'm not a big wing person but my dad has had them and he says they're pretty good.The staff has always been super-friendly, and they actually remember me, even though I only come in once every couple months!
Meh is right. This place was a big yawn for me...I went with a group of 5 (well, 4 adults, one kiddo). This is another one of those places that tries to be fancy and pretty much sucks -- for the price and portion size anyway. We ordered beef stew, chorizo stuffed dates, halibut, cheeze sticks, chicken and white cheddar waffles, and some beers. First on the beers... They have Four Peaks 8th Street on tap (privately labeled as Tucks Ale or something like that) and I was happy to see this -- I love this beer. However, halfway into my meal my glass was dry and it sat that way for a good 10 minutes. If you've read any of my other yelps, you know I expect a refill promptly, especially if you expect me for forget your marginal service and mediocre food... When the waitress came around, she asked if I wanted another beer, I said yes. Another 10 minutes went by, me parched, growing annoyed... When she came around again it was clear she forgot all about me, then asked one of my friends if they wanted another beer -- I assertively said YES. She looked at me and proclaimed her sorrow, said it would be right up. Another 10 minutes go by, she swings by and apologizes that they had to change the keg. I understand that -- but between the FIRST and second time I asked, I watched the bartender pour another 4 or 5 8th Streets. But I didn't get one.As for the food? Super duper BLAND. Come on Tuck's! Fancy (read expensive) food should be an explosion of complex flavor in my mouth. If I have to put table salt and pepper on it just to taste something, you pretty much suck. If we pay $30+ per person and I leave hungry, you pretty much suck. The fried chicken was pretty good, but I've had the same quality stuff from the deli at Safeway.Overall, not impressed and see no reason to return. If you're taking a girl out on a first date who is more into atmosphere than food -- she'll probably think you are the man. But really, do you want a girl like that?
I feel like such a noob. We consider ourselves foodies to a certain degree, but before joining Yelp we had never heard of this magical mysterious place called Fez. So after seeing the sheer volume of good reviews on the place, it was pretty much destiny that a trip to Fez was in order. Upon first arriving there the first thing that'll catch your eye is how trendy it is. The place is drenched with a hipster vibe that's hard to shake. You'll also quickly notice a very skewed gay:straight ratio. I would usually never bring this up, but it was quite obvious the night we went that we were possibly one of the only straight couples there. This extends to the waiters too... don't get me wrong, I have no problem with it... in fact it made for a more fun and interesting dining experience; just be forewarned if you aren't comfortable with things like being offered a drink called "The G-Spot" by a feminine male waiter, this may not be the type of place for you. So now... onto the food. The food was superb... starting off with those heavenly Cinnamon-dusted Sweet Potato Fries. Damn they're good... basically they're some of the best fries I've ever had, period. I bow down the God of Cinnamon and Sweet Potatoes... because the combination is heavenly. For our main dish we got a Fez Kisra followed by the Apricot glazed Salmon. Both were quite yummy. The Kisra is basically a healthier version of a pizza with some more adventurous types of toppings... the one we got had pears on it. It was good, but would be hard to eat one alone because the flavor is quite distinct and a little rich... so it's perfect to split. The salmon was well cooked and flavorful, no complaints there. Overall we had a great meal at Fez, we'll more than likely be back... if anything to try 'Fez Foodies' which we've heard so much about. What a cool place!
Stopped in last night for a take out dinner. I wanted to bring home something different than burgers or a pizza or fried chicken. So I used my Yelp app.... And showed Yusefs nearby with good reviews.The owner was a very personable person....and very helpful. Everything smelled wonderful, and it was pretty busy....all good signs.I order 2 of the falafel dinner plates, and the stuffed grape leaves plate. The only "side" for a dinner plate was the split pea soup. It was a generous portion....and VERY GOOD!The falafel and grape leave were both generous portions....and delicious!I want to go back a do a little grocery shopping for some of the unique items that I think you could find only in Phoenix here.Good job Yusef! I liked it!
We came here Sunday morning for a wonderful breakfast. Our server was Colleen. She was very attentive and we had  a great meal. The menu is so extensive with many ,many options. I got Florentine Eggs Benedict and my boyfriend had a fabulous omelet with potatoes and toast. They were both delish!     Their Potatoes are fab!!   The Decor was very nice, and even though they were so busy,we did not wait long at all for our table.  Big parking lot and a nice waiting area as well. We will defiantly come back here soon.
If not for the aircraft landing and taking off, you'd be crazy to eat here.Prices are about the same as Denney's.Cleanliness, really needs to be improved.Wait Staff, isn't very efficient. Apart from the menu, they do offer a Sunday Breakfast Brunch.
I just re-visited Cheese 'N Stuff this weekend after a while.  I guess just eat during their limited hours very often.  They close very early (4pm).I love their liverwurst sandwiches and the Bismark but this time I decided to try the Doughboy people speak of minus mayo as I do not enjoy warm sandwich lubrication.  As ever the place is tiny, homey and spotlessly clean.  I had some of the hot German Potato salad as a side and a ginger ale.   All were yummy, delicious and satisfying!  As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this classic sandwich but I've only been able to get them at Chompie's in the valley.  There are loads of interesting European cookies to get packages of as dessert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpool as the lot is smallish.  I guess they stopped giving pickles with sandwiches, bummer.
Food Truck Fav right here!I've been wanting to try Pizza People's Pizza for a while now.  I found out they were setting up at 180 Degree's Automotive and I figured if Bogi was hosting them then I needed to check them out!  I finally caught up with them at Local Fest.Bogi was actually there helping them out and she told me that they were only sampling the regular pizza and the gluten free pizza was $8 but she assured me it was yummy!  First of all $8 for a 2 item gf crust pizza is a deal!  Secondly, Bogi said they were her some of her best friends in the world...and I trust her implicitly....so I ponied up my dollars and waited about six minutes.  I ordered my pie with pepperoni and fresh tomato.  I took it back to my table to share with my Mama (who is also gluten free) and we both said at about the same time: " Oh, my gosh this is really good!"   Something I've only said about twice since eating gf pizza!The sauce is fresh, the dough was the best gf dough I've had to date and the toppings were just divine.  I need to put a GPS tracking unit on this truck so I can track it daily! (Oh, wait.........I can just check their facebook page!)  Yeah, I'd eat it daily!  It's that good!
Fancy ladies with a few gays sprinkled in. This is NM Cafe!Popovers. Prawn and avocado salad. Glass of Sauvignon Blanc.Make your reservation under Candy Spelling's name. You will get the BEST table. Works every time.
Waffle Houses are bomb but this one is my favorite.  Not only is it 24 hours but it is super clean and well lit.  There are totally some seedy people who go here but their conversations just make for very interesting background noise.  As far as the food, the prices are cheap, the menu is semi-a-la-carte and the the waffles are amazingly crisp and perfect.  This is THE Waffle House to visit.  Go now, do it.  How good does a waffle sound right now anyways?  That's right, Pretty Damn Good.
Now worthy of 5 stars for replacing their toilet with one that actually flushes. It's always nice when a place that sells diuretic beverages has a working toilet.---The baked goods are baked right there in the coffee house, by their employees.  The coffee is roasted right there, on site. Iced tea refills are free, bitches. The baristas are hep cats who ride fixie bikes. Now, I like to coast, but shit...  Gotta give them cred. If you go often enough, the other regulars will be friendly. If you hate Mac laptops, you probably should stay away. The new tables are great. There are power outlets everywhere. It's next to Pane Bianco. I run into my homies there on the regular. When it comes to coffee shops in CenPho, there is no competitor. Jeff, the owner, is a cool dude. The seating outside is nice. I have been known to spend all day there, and use it as my office away from home and my real office. I seriously probably spend about 16 hours a week there or so, maybe more some weeks, working on my laptop and occasionally people watching. Did I mention that I kind of like this place?
First off, let me congratulate OHSO on being open for business!  I was thrilled to see another local watering hole open in the neighborhood.  I frequent Arcadia Tavern and JT's often and will most likely add O.H.S.O to the rotation.  Upon entering OHSO, I remember my first impression being "Is this place really ready to be open for business".  I noticed a few unfinished details on the building (maybe intentionally) that left me wondering if this place decided to open overnight.Simple said, I appreciate good service.  There was a lack of this at O.H.S.O.  We were not greeted when we walked in.  There was a group of employees talking at the host stand and I had to approach them before they recognized our group.  They quickly said it was open seating and got back to their converstaion.  We grabbed seats in a booth in the bar area.  We probably sat there for about 5 mins trying to make sense of the various colored menus strewn across the table.  As we were all very thirsty for a cold beer, we decided to finally order at the bar.  Someone eventually came by.After some of our party left, 2 of us moved up to the bar and asked the bartender a few questions.  No one seemed to know what was going on.  Everyone appeared to be extremely busy with "busy work" instead of helping the patrons.  Seemed like a lack of training with the staff.  Overall, I think this place has the potential to be a cool spot and truly hope it does well.  If I could offer a few suggestions, they would be:1.  Have a dedicated host(s) greet people at the front door.  Take a hint from Arcadia Tavern.  I have never walked in there and not been greeted by a friendly smile.2.  Get the music in order.  If you want to a progressive/hip local brewery, you are going to have to do better than a "killers" album that was popular 4 years ago.3.  You have something that people want...BEER!  It's great service and attention to detail that will keep patrons coming back.I look forward to my next visit and I hope some of these kinks are worked out.
After waiting for over a month for this place to open, constantly annoyed by the sign on the door stating, "Training in Progress" I was expecting something spectacular.  The name itself "Revo Burrito, Revolutionary Mex" set me up thinking I was walking into...a revolutionary burrito joint!  My husband and I were disappointed to say the least.  He had the Chicken Machaca Burrito, which the counter girl said was her favorite.  And it was, well, just a chicken burrito, at best.  There was so much liquid oozing out the bottom from the wet lettuce and wet pico that he had to move his chips to another plate because they were swimming.  I had the Black Bean Burrito.  The menu had stated the beans were slow simmered in garlic, onions & seasonings...sounded delish!  However it tasted like they walked next door to Safeway and bought a can of black beans, heated them up and rolled them into a tortilla.  It was also supposed to include their "special cheese blend" AND there was only a SLIGHT SPRINKLE of cheese...literally!  I actually opened up the tortilla to make sure they didn't forget it.  Call me crazy, but when I order a bean & CHEESE burrito, I'd like to have at least a small amount of cheese.  I guess their idea of special cheese is magical, disappearing cheese.The rice with corn & a drizzle of cream was especially delicious & the fresh-squeezed lemonade was tart & perfectly sweetened. We also liked the decor & the windowed kitchen.For the price you pay for a very, simple burrito, that offers nothing revolutionary about it, their menu is over priced.  I would rather go to Baja Fresh or any other neighborhood Mexican restaurant.
Mmm!  Delicious Indian food and a great selection of vegetarian dishes.I LOVE the fact that each dish is mildly spiced, and left up to the individual to customize the flavor depending on which sauces they choose.  I'm a spicy lightweight so it was great that I didn't have to worry about getting something too hot to enjoy.I had a bowl of brown rice, cumin potatoes and tofu masala with a cool yogurt-cucumber-mint sauce on the side.  It was fantastic!  I can't wait to go back....also, I thought it was adorable that we were given a golden dollar coin with our check for "making the drive to their location and to compensate for high-gas prices".  A memorable gesture!
Nearly half a decade ago, a man's fantasy became reality in a form never seen before: Scottsdale, Arizona. The motivation for overhauling the city's master plan was to create the greatest feast for the senses in the American Southwest. Everyday, reputations are on the line as master chefs pit their artistic creations against each other.If my memory serves me correctly, and I think it does, the French first colonized Indochine in hopes of seeking access to rubber. And the greatest beneficiary of this decision would be the brothers Andre and Edouard Michelin, inventors of the world's first removable pneumatic tire. To encourage automobile sales, and by extension, their tires, the Michelin Company begin to print free travel guides at the turn of the century with recommendations and ratings systems for restaurants, hotels, and attractions throughout France. These ratings are still the most influential culinary grades in the Western world. It should come as no surprise that as controversy about the Michelin system has grown, Vietnamese cuisine has finally seen the rubber hit the road.A recent addition to Scottsdale's culinary universe is Andre Nguyen. Having migrated to America near the end of Republican Vietnam. Arriving in Seattle, Nguyen attended culinary school and met his wife, Noel. But despite the lure of of other cuisines, the chef stayed true to his roots and opened Andre's Eurasian Bistro in the suburb of Bellevue. His success was almost derailed by a fire that gutted the place. Ngyuen however used the time as a sabbatical, improving his craft, and re-opened his restaurant. Local journalists likened it to the Greek mythological creature of rebirth , the phoenix.But as luck would have it, he and his wife sought out to leave soggy Seattle for arid Arizona for a different Phoenix. At the end of 2005, they took over a hole-in-the-wall called Pho AZ and named it "Noodles Ranch". Here today, Chef Andre rules the roost with impressive skill.The interior decor flatters the otherwise mundane feel of the strip mall in which it sits. Andre has been careful to use color and light to accent various pictures, newspaper clippings and other decorations. But what will surprise the visitor is the degree in which Andre takes this so seriously as to neglect not even the bathroom from this regime.His menu is a mix of predictable, authentic Vietnamese dishes and his own creations borrowed from other cuisines or his own imagination. Chef Andre is not a reckless auteur, but his more audacious dishes may have fewer fans than his bread and butter. As the Chef takes many of the orders personally, guests often might assume the service to be poor, undercut by Andre's own seemingly curt personality. But this ignores the fact that in authentic Asian restaurants, servers often seem more distant and unpleasant than Denny's. Do not let Andre's intent become lost in translation.Finally, in standing with his other bretheren, the Chef achieves this all with low prices. Now Chef Andre, "the Giant", after years of success in the land of gray skies face your greatest challenge yet. Hold your own against the city's most eminent gourmands, not just for you but for the good of all Scottsdale.
The owner of Vermont Sandwich Co. just contacted me and offered to make right what happened to me during my last visit.  Nice gesture but I had to decline.  I didn't write what I did for a handout but I'm giving this place one more star for the offer.Vermont Sandwich Co is very highly rated.  For the owner to try to make right by one negative commenter among a multitude of positive, says something about the owner's integrity.I think a return visit to Vermont Sandwich Co. may be in order...
meh...... I'm torn.I found this store to be a little bit of a walking contradiction.(okay, not "walking" but you dig what I'm saying) Reminds me of myself in alot of ways....not all of which are good.  You see, I recycle EVERYTHING at work because the cute little receptacles are provided for me by waste management thus leading me to not actually think about what I'm doing. Plus, I co-manage a 26 story high rise mid-town and with the whole "green" movement, we'd be setting ourselves up for some major problems if we didn't comply with demand and of course, it does just "make sense".     At home, not so much and to be blunt I don't really think twice about it. (go on.....hate) This is how I feel about Fresh & Easy. Hybrid parking (fkn ridiculous) but no bike rack?? WTF??.....  Tons of bullshit organic produce and no preservatives  but then everything has been super sealed in some weird plastic containers. The F&E brand crapola that I tried was mediocre at best,  also,  it seemed like everything I picked up was within a day of expiration. I don't know about you F&E. We could be kindred sprits.... but two wrongs don't always make a right.
Bitzee Mama's isn't my mama! My mama wouldn't have kept her hungry son waiting forever for his lunch. She wouldn't have let my go thirsty with no refills. She does make a good bowl of salsa so that makes it alright, right? Took my real mama there for lunch.. I ordered the taco salad and ma ordered the cheese enchilada plate.. also a bowl or red chile. Taco salad was alright except the taco shell was so mushy from water it literally fell apart when I picked it up.. glad I wasn't eating the shell. She's old school.. makes a darn good cheese enchilada and refried beans. Struck out again with the red chile.. I swear, can no one except La Canasta make red chile? While the meat was tender and the sauce was smooth it had a weird orange color to it and the meat tasted, well wasn't any beef Ive ever had. On the way to the counter to pay my bill I noticed that almost everyone was eating chimichanga's.. well then, looks like I ordered the wrong thing! Place is also uber cheap. Be careful what you order and mama will be just fine.
It was family day (the ex and I like to see our son smile) and we were starving... after driving around for a while we pulled up to Arriba's and said "what the hell..."That's also what we said when some of the food came, as in "what the hell is this??"So positive first.  The server was pretty quick and he gave refills without being asked.  Chips and salsa were good.  Chips were warm and salsa had a nice (suprising) kick.  Kick... do I sound like an old lady? Morgan and I ordered fish tacos and beef tacos, respectively, so we could swap one for one.  Fish was ok... nothing spectacular... but honestly I would rather pay for one at freakin Del Taco or Rubios.  Not worth it here.  Rice was ok, some flavor, probably converted rice though.  Beans were... blended?  I dunno about you but I like to see some actual BEANS in my beans!  This stuff was like brown goo... YUMMMMMMMM... :PThe beef taco was just weird.  I swear to God is tasted like gyro meat!  WTF?  I couldn't eat much of it.  Last but not least, Dom ordered the White Sands Chimichanga.  That sh*t looked nasty to be honest.  Covered with some gooey white sauce, filled with pork.  LOL, he said it tasted like hot dog.  Um, yikes!  He took about 2 bites and was "full".  A.K.A., he didn't like it.I also had a margarita... it was HUGE and didn't taste very good.  I'd rather have one 1/4 that size that tasted nice.  Oh well.One star for the chips and salsa.  Like I said, the fish taco was okay, but every thing was just way over-priced!  Final verdict?  We decided to NEVER go there again.
Jamba is definitely as good as it gets when it comes to chain smoothie places. We are big fans of the Acai antioxidant smoothie, which is unlike the other smoothies that we've tried there. It is super healthy and has a distinct flavor to it which we like because it's not as sweet as their traditional smoothies are. I like going to Jamba because they are always reliable, fast and friendly when we have visited, even if the smoothies are a tad pricey. But, you get what you pay for, and I would much rather pay a little extra for a consistently good smoothie that I know will be delicious than take my chances on an unknown place that most likely won't deliver the goods.
I have been here about 3 times, twice  for the weekend breakfast buffet and once for lunch. The food is similar to Denny's, so nothing special here. Everything here feels dingy and dirty, there was hair in one of the dishes in the buffet. Service is average, but employees are just as dirty looking as the restaurant..will not be coming here anymore.
My husband was born and raised as a British Expat in Hong Kong and loves the Chinese Cultural Center for its authenticity. There are some great, inexpensive and authentic restaurants there serving a wide variety of Chinese foods. There is a place called the Seafood Buffet on the west end of the plaza and the food there is fantastic and lunch during the week is around $7. Golden Buddha (next to the amazing wedding shop) has an inexpensive lunch menu and I've heard the Dim Sum is incredible. The grocery store in that plaza has tons of authentic Asian foods that you won't be able to find anywhere else. Just the smell of the different foods and spices takes me back to my last trip to Hong Kong and really adds to the experience. I don't know what half the stuff there is, but if you wander through the candy aisle you should pick up a few random pieces and just try something different. The Center has a festival around the Chinese New Year  where they have street vendors selling all kinds of goodies including a huge selection of decorative Koi fish and various cultural performances. It's really a unique place, especially here in Phoenix, and is worth an afternoon visit if you're looking for something different.
Went to the Rooste for a Christmas Eve dinner among a small group (9) friends. I had never been. Had heard the name many times over the years when I had previously lived in Tempe. Been intimidated that by where it set that it was expensive and swanky. That's all a lie! It sets up high and has a wonderful view. It's not located where you are just strolling down the street and decided to pop in that is true. You wind through these grounds to the back of the property pass beautiful fountains and buildings until you come to the lite up restaurant. You can self park but why bother go for the valet. You pass a smelly ranch steer at the entry that is probably wondering why the hell its there as much as I was. Inside the door the smell escapes you immediately, thank goodness. You see some young sap making cotton candy and wonder what the heck have I arrived at. A few more steps and you see you are in a western theme establishment, by the overwhelming amount of raw wood beams and flooring. First stop the bar. It's a limited full bar and for this it losses a star. From the bar the view outside is great and you can look down and see the country music band playing (it was a band but I wouldn't book 'em) but hey they gave the place a little extra pulse. You see the staff in casual western gear also and you instantly know you're welcome in your jeans. Moments later our table was ready and half of us choose to take the slide down to the dining floor and the others took the steps. Hey I went for the slide! It was short and fast and another reason to come casually dressed. Our waitperson was a delightful and articulate young woman. We skipped the appetizers to leave room for dessert (next time I'll reverse that decision). The menu was very good. Several steak cuts, enchiladas, fried chicken, BBQ beef & pork ribs, Seafood, a burger, pork chops, most plates $15 - $20. While waiting for the salad course a magician name Flash comes up and asks if we'd like some magic that night (he works for tips). He went about his tricks and blew our minds! THIS GUY I WOULD HIGHER for an event. Never figured out how he did what he did but would love to see him doing it again and again. So if he comes by your table take him up on his offer of magic. The food arrives, the salad is good and fresh the main courses come and all are cooked to perfection. My medium rare T-Bone was actually medium rare for once! My steak was tender and taste fabulous. The food didn't hold it's heat well and they serve sweet potatoes or rice with the dishes rather than standard baked/mashed or fried Idaho's (extra charge for a standard potato - why? - Minus another 1/2 star). But over all it was a good meal. We barely had room for the dessert so we split a 9 layer chocolate fudge cake and another dessert among us. And we still had four or so layers of cake left to go home! It was so rich and such a huge slice no 3 people could have eaten the entire thing following a meal if they tried... 4 of us dug into this slice. All in all it its a great steakhouse. Prices lower than Lonestar and Steak portions (ounces) bigger for your money, plus a better all over food and appetizer menu by far. Oh yeah I'm a fan and will be returning again and again when I want a steakhouse to fill my steak cravings and a bit of entertaining to accompany the meal. I highly recommend Rustlers Rooste.
Hubby and I were here tonight for a grand and glorious breaking of his diet. He had been before to the one in Houston, and had been looking forward to the new Scottsdale location. For being open only 3 nights, the service went quite smoothly and the staff and management we met were all great. We started out with drinks- a gin and tonic ($10) and a caipirinha ($8.25)- both were strong and very good. The wine list is extensive, for those who prefer the vino. Delicious little popovers arrived at the table, and we headed off to the salad bar. Far better and fresher than Fogo E Brasa's, it had a variety of cheeses (including chunks of parm and fresh mozzarella), smoked salmon, prosciutto, salami, sun dried tomatoes, olives, marinated bell peppers, asparagus spears, mushroom caps, and seafood and chicken salads, just to name about a third of the offerings.Then came a veritable torrent of meat. The beef was the best, and came in a variety of cuts and preparations. We liked the Ancho (rib eye), the Picanha (the classic sirloin cut in the half moon shape), and the garlic beef best. The pork ribs were really well done and juicy, and the sausage was quite flavorful. The chicken was a tad dry, and the lamb was too gamey for our liking (and we usually like lamb). Side dishes were brought to our table, in appropriately modest portions. There were squares of polenta, which I really liked but Hubby did not care for, and mildly garlic mashed potatoes, and yummy fried plantains. Dessert choices were pretty typical: a creme brulee, a flan, 2 types of cheesecake, and 2 types of chocolate cake. Hubby wanted what he had enjoyed at the Houston Fogo before: the papaya cream topped with creme de cassis liqueur ($8.25). It was more runny than mousse-y, and the papaya taste was pretty subtle, with the liqueur being the top note.There is a rather unnecessary valet parking service for $3, when the parking lot surrounding the place is huge. Not so huge, however,  that the many douche-bags who double parked went unnoticed. The bathrooms are nice. The dinner, which is all you care to eat, is $42.50 per person. I'm sure we'll be back for special occasions.
My street cred is that I'm from the South. You know, home of fried things. I think I know a thing or two about fried chicken and sweet tea.Understand the whole concept of being quaint and family-run, but seriously didn't think it lived up to all the hype.I ordered some sweet tea. I was mondo thirtsy and couldn't wait to wrap my hands around that mason jar. Holy guacamole! The sweet tea tasted like a cavity waiting to happen. I was tempted to order a lemonade to make an Arnold Palmer, but feared that it would be overly sweet versus tart. Instead, I requested a glass of water and some lemons to help with the sugar ratio. I still couldn't get it to taste "normal" and sort of just abandoned it. I had the Lo-Lo entree which consisted of 3 small pieces of dark chicken and 2 waffles. I also ordered a side of mac & cheese - cause I'm dirty like that. I thought for sure the food would be the saving grace...hells nah! Chicken was aight, but hardly any meat. The mac-and-cheese was just okay. Kind of reminded me of stuff you can get from Luby's. If it weren't for the waffles, I'd be hungry. I pretty much ate my waffles and stole my friend's fried okra - which WAS good. I dunked some of my chicken into her side of gravy and SHAZAAM it was like licking a salt mine!Needless to say, we had a rather lengthy wait before our food arrived and while I do appreciate the hole-in-the-wall appeal - I was disappointed nonetheless. Sometimes you just can't believe the hype!
.  Angel, daughter of the Lounge's owner Joy is a HOOT!!  I love her personality.  It's not a fancy place, little hole in the wall type place. They have been open for 8 years and have had a pretty steady following.  There is art on the walls (LOVE the Dizzie Gillespie painting... thinking of buying it) painted by a local artist.  Live music on Wednesdays/Fridays.  Wednesdays step classes (the Al B. look alike) and they have another separate dining-type area.  Wednesday nights they hold something called a conversation party.  Random 5 topics are chosen (we had a peek at last night's conversations) EX:  Are momma's boys a good or bad thing?   What makes a partner in a relationship think they need to start playing games?  What is most important to you in your professional career?Apparently some of these discussions, as you can imagine - adding the alcohol ingredient - can get pretty heated.  It seemed to be a big group last night... 15-20 people.  So after dinner, catfish, PORK CHOPS TO DIE FOR!! So tender, fried hot wings, mac 'n cheese, mashed potatoes, LOTS AND LOTS of hot sauce, we heard the band start warming up.   YES!!  GREAT music.  People walked in wearing their Sunday best and others walked in wearing jeans.  It's an everyone knows everyone's name type of place.  Older people and the younger started trickling in around 8PM.  Definitely a fun experience.  Good times.
Very good Rubio's, very accommodating for my diet needs and the kids love their taquitos.  It is in a convenient location when you are shopping and don't have time to go home.  The management seems to be on top of things and keep the place very clean.
This is my favorite place to go for Greek food. The owners are from Greece and frequently several family members are present.The food is delicious, large portions, friendly service. I wish they were located in Surprise, but they are worth the drive.
What to choose, what to choose. Such difficult decisions! Seriously, this normally isn't a problem. Dispite the fact that I'm a libra, I'm very decisive. Friends usually look to me to make all sorts of decisions ::diabolical laugh:: Still, this place consistently stumps me.Is it Tuesday? If yes, then I'm definately getting the Pork Belly Tacos.Otherwise, I'll start with an order of Ceviche and Asado Salad.To drink I'll have Agua Fresca de Sabor.Yes, I'm going to have an entre too, I mean I've already broken my diet, might as well :DI'll have the Huevos Rancheros or 3 Carne Asada Tacos or the Verduras de Temporada or the Chilaquiles Verdes or the Carne Asada Torta. OMG, so many great options! Seriously, this normally isn't a problem. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to try everything.Next up, a euphoric food coma! Life is good.
I was a dim sum virgin until yesterday!  My wonderful wife Audrey W was there to share my experience with me as were Dottsy Z, Donald S, Marian and Kevin H.  And Dottsy has pictures too!  And wow did I get off cheap!  The best dim sum I have ever had!  Honestly, the only dim sum I have ever had!  I'm so glad I had other yelpers that were experienced to share it with and help me enjoy the first time!Seriously, Phoenix Palace has really good dim sum.  I enjoyed nearly everything I tried, there was tremendous variety and high quality through and through.  I was not quite as adventurous as some of the more experienced folks at the table.  I did pass on a dish that featured tripe.  Sorry.  Maybe I wasn't ready to go all the way.The review trend has risen over the last few months.  I think I heard there was a change in ownership or management or possibly a new chef.  Or all of the above.  I don't know but it was good.For 6 people and loads of food the total was just under $70.  Unreal.Great lunch spot for dim sumderful variety and a total bargain.  Phoenix Palace is in the same parking lot as Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket so you can fill up on dim sum before you do your shopping.  Then you'll spend less when you go shopping.  Never go shopping hungry.
My husband and I ventured up to BLT Steak at Camelback Inn on Friday evening to celebrate our third wedding anniversary, which was two days earlier. We sat inside and our corner table gave us a perfect view of Camelback Mountain at night. Our waiter was super nice and did a great job of suggesting items and answering questions when we had them. There was a seperate server who kept our water glasses full all night - we couldn't take more than two sips without having them refilled it seemed like. My only negative about our waiter was that when it was time for a new glass of wine for me, he didn't check with me first to see if I wanted another glass of the same wine. I think we all know the common saying about assuming things...On to the food...here's what we sampled:Popovers - delicious. I was a bit skeptical about the butter and sea salt, especially since I don't like butter very much, but it was great! Caesar salad - good size and it was one of the best caesar salads I have had in awhile. Crabcake - my least favorite part of the meal. While it wasn't horrible, there was a bit too much celery for my taste and not enough crab meat.Cowboy Ribeye - since it was 22 oz, I graciously told my husband that I would have some of it so he could order it. Now those that know me know that I don't eat red meat because I don't like the taste. But I sucked it up and had some...holy crap, I had a few bites and said, "Wow, this is really good". So that should say something about how good it was. However, my husband did think the outside was a tad too well done, although the meat itself was cooked perfectly. While he liked the ribeye, he did think his steak at SW Steakhouse in Las Vegas was better.Mashed potatoes - is it possible to get divorced over mashed potatoes? I thought we were going to throw it down because one side of the potatoes was just not enough!! They were sooo creamy and delicious. Chocolate peanut butter mousse - we got our dessert for free since when I made the reservation I indicated we were celebrating our anniversary. The dessert was a nice way to end the meal, although the chocolate on top was just a touch too rich for my taste.With tip, our bill came to $162 which we did not think was bad at all for as much as we ordered. Unfortunately we didn't get to sit on the patio or enjoy the view at sunset, but I guess that means we'll have to go back which isn't a bad thing at all!
It is important to point out that Blue Adobe Grill is not a Mexican restaurant, it is a New Mexican restaurant. While that may seem to be an unnecessary clarification, it is actually fairly important to keep in mind as you visit. For a New Mexican joint, it is pretty dang good and true to the region, but food a sit-down Mexican joint it would be disappointing. In order to maintain full disclosure, it has been a couple of years since I went here last, but it has been around for years so I can't imagine much has changed. Overall I would recommend it to people who don't have expectations of a certain type of food. It's good but nothing memorable.
It's a restaurant in a gas station, but it merits five stars b/c it has glass bottles of soda, just like you find in Mexico.  Good food too.  It's actually not nearly as bad inside as you'd think, it's pretty well set apart from the gas station sales, so I wouldn't mind eating there.  They have a few tables set up inside.  I usually get takeout though (they also deliver).  MANZANA LIFT ROCKS!!!  I'm also going to be drinking the Sprite in the bottle, (cane sugar ftw) and the horchata.  I don't care about Chipotle opening near work anymore, I've found a new Mexican fix for lunch.  What a happy day.
Lame name.  Not so lame sandwiches.  I like it spicy.  Interpret that as you wish, but when it comes down to it -- it takes a lot more than spicy pickles to impress me - say gigantic and decadent choco chip cookies. Don't let the gimmicky name fool you, however, these are some serious sandwiches at Spicy Pickle, a franchise with only one location in the Valley in Chandler.  I found the quality of food and scope of sandwiches offered to be comparable to Dilly's Deli. I had a lunch earlier this week catered from this place, and since they catered half-sized portions I was able to try two: the Santa Cruz sub and wiseguy sub.I found the wiseguy (with italian meats and cheeses) sub to be pretty tasty, but I prefer my subs to not swim in oil and vinegar.  The Santa Cruz sub was pretty good though (and my favorite of the two) - with its ingredients of Mesquite turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, avocado, corn relish, cheddar and chipotle mayo.The highlight of the lunch were these large thick discs that looked and tasted like chocolate chip cookies.  Crispy on the edges and moist and soft in the middle.  Seriously, one of the better cookies I have had in a long time.BTW, the pickles are sprinkled with some kind of chili powder and are ok, perhaps they're awesome -- I don't know, I'm not a big pickle fan.
I wouldn't write a review on a franchise unless it pissed me off. I prefer Papa John's pizza to Dominos or Pizza Hut (by far), but there are some major service issues that have made my five ordering experiences pretty irritating.They can't find my house. It's not hard to find, I swear. It's a piece of cake, and a stone's throw from a major crossroad. They had once taken two hours to deliver a pizza, saying they tried to call me (they didn't), only to return to the store and bring it back once I called. Naturally, I was delivered a lukewarm pizza, but in the nicest way possible was told that it was *my* mistake.  Unacceptable, in the age of online ordering and GPS systems in our phones, there is no excuse for getting lost in what is essentially a three mile drive in a straight line. Without complaining, I had received a coupon for a free large pizza. Apology accepted. Upon visiting the store, I got to keep the card *after* ordering because they gave me the wrong toppings. Suckers.Also, they always take longer than the ETA, even in the middle of a weekday. Even now, I am waiting 70 minutes for a 30-40 minute order, and when I had called 15 minutes ago, was told it was on its way, but that construction was holding it up. Yes, there is construction, but you have taken this long in the past without it. Also, construction would not explain why it takes nearly an hour to produce one large pizza. I even tip nicely.I enjoy Papa John's pizza, but unless my complaints are addressed, I will never order from this location again. I will encourage my friends to follow suit. RAWR.
By now you've heard the adventures at the Rustler's Roost ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/rustlers-rooste-phoenix#hrid:_gYib8eA4hDfylSs17Zc_g ). But my adventures in Phoenix didn't end there. My BGF had been hounding me for days to find some great "Q." He was convinced that AZ would have great "Q" on every corner. Now referring back to the link above, I admit that I had a wee hangover at the time. Anyway, I'll press on. We chose this place because BGF thought that this would be the spot. I ordered the roast garlic chicken and realized with my first bite that I had died (most likely alcohol poisoning from the night before) and was now in heaven. This was the best freakin chicken that I ever tasted. Of course I'm in heaven and BGF is grousing about the "Q" not being any good. Now I've listened to this all week from him. - This Q is too Spicy - This Q is too wet - This Q won't fall off the bone - This Q doesn't have the right flavor. I'll admit it, I snapped. (And I didn't forgive him for about 2 weeks). I went up one side and down the other. If you don't like the gosh darn (loosely translated) Q in AZ, the quit ordering the Blankity Blank (translation again) stuff. Needless to say, I got quite the look from BGF and boss. Boss was actually laughing at us. Anyway, I took pity on my BGF and shared some of my chicken, and he fell in love (I don't know why, it wasn't a rooster - oops, I digress). Anyway, it was decided then and there, this is the best chicken around, hands down.
I love this restaurant.  I really enjoy the reverse happy hour from 10pm-12am after I see a movie.  The appetizers are 1/2 price and they have some really good drink specials- better if you are a lady.   l like sitting out of the patio and relaxing.The sushi rolls are good.  So are the avocado eggrolls.Before I was a vegetarian the only thing I would order was the macademia crusted chicken with mashed potatoes and a creamy soy sauce.
It is what you would expect from any themed place called "Heart Attack Grill".  Mirrors on the bottom part of the bar so you can see up the skimpy outfits the "nurses" wear at the bar.  Van in the drive through section is painted to look like an Ambulance.  Hamburgers are named after cardiac events.The food was bad, greasy unlimited fries and a giant hamburger that tasted as if they mixed in filler of some kind we had never experienced before.If you plan on going, enjoy the experience cause the food will not be something you would head back for again.
Nothing like Capriotti's in other cities.  They don't have the same menu offerings as east coast locations, and even though I ate here when not busy it took a very long time for the food to arrive.  Parking is frustrating too because of the adjacent Starbucks patrons occupying so many spots.  Very poor chips selection as well - only two choices.  Really? 2 chips?
I love love love Angel Sweet, I just wish it was not in Chandler! It's a little bit pricier than most gelato shops I have been to in Phoenix, but not a big deal. They have a nice variety of choices, but my favorite by far is brownie batter, but they only have it every once in a while.
Warning: Douche Bag level CODE RED!Here's how my experience went ... Me: "May I have a Carmel Latte?" Employee: "No".... dead air ...Me: "Ummm why not?"Employee: "We don't have carmel"Me: "Ummm I guess I'll just have a Cappuccino then"Employee: "Just so you know it's a REAL Cappuccino"Me: "Okay" (in my head I'm trying to figure out if I can legally punch this dickhead in the face or not).So I sat down mulling over this experience in the dank dark atmosphere while listening to this ass wipe talk to his friend about living on other peoples couches for the past few months and about how he'll be moving to downtown Phoenix soon. To which I just chuckled to myself as this person was FAR from cool enough to blend into CenPho. What a complete and utter douche bag. Stay in Tempe poser (and keep your employer there to!).This experience was months ago, and now they have opened up a shop downtown. Guess what? I'm not going to check them out. Fuck you Cartel. You'll never be Lux, so just stay in Tempe where you can be a complete poser with an attitude that you haven't earned.Complete FAIL. For my two cents, skip this place and go to Lux in CenPho/Mid Town right off the Light Rail. Authentically cool with ZERO attitude, great coffee and no douche bag employees. And as for great coffee ... try Conspire WAY better coffee and authenticly cool.---- please read "owners comment" below ... here's my response ... ----Wow so the coffee snobbery continues with the owner ... I guess my new job  should be to "promote good coffee in Arizona" ... and I don't appreciate good coffee because I enjoy the combination of caramel AND coffee ... By that definition I guess I don't know good ice cream because I like hot fudge on it or good pizza because I enjoy pepperoni AND cheese or good music if it's not acoustic or a good voice unless it's A cappella ... thanks for proving my point. I wouldn't go here unless you are a total coffee snob ... (I guess) they don't need your business you poser!
Open Range offers some damn-good home cooking. My family eats here often and has never had a bad meal. Not to mention that the portions are huge. I usually order the cobb salad. From a typical deli, I'd normally expect iceberg lettuce, a handful of shaved carrots, some egg, and a little bit of bacon. But if that were the case, I wouldn't be ordering the salad again and again. The field greens and romaine lettuce are served with avocado (I'm pretty sure they use at least 1/2 an avocado for each salad), artichoke hearts, tomatoes, bacon (no bacon bits here!), radishes, blue cheese, egg, cucumbers  and I'm sure i'm forgetting something else, but it is GOOD. Sometimes, if I'm really hungry, I order it with a side of their twice baked casserole (twice baked potato in a cup, basically. It's unbelievable.) I'd also recommend the Arizona caviar (black bean salad) or southwest coleslaw.My dad loves their BBQ sandwiches (with choice of homemade barbecue sauce - each one better than the last), my mom usually orders one of their other great salads with a side of potato pancakes (better than grandma's), and grandpa loves whatever is on special. Even my picky-eater brother loves food at Open Range - and that's saying something!Bethany and Tom are the owners; Bethany does most of the kitchen cooking and Tom says that he's in charge of most of the barbecuein'. (He once gave my family a taste of some of their freshly smoked pecans and WHOA, they were GOOD.) The restaurant (as the name suggests) has a full service deli too, in case you need a pound of freshly sliced ham as well as a meal.In the past, the service has been slow, but it has improved dramatically over the past year. The restaurant has a killer view of the Superstition Mountains, and is within 10 - 20 minutes of countless hiking trails. To make this long review short: if you're looking for a tastes-like-home (or tastes-better-than-home) cooked meal and you're in the far east valley, make sure to stop in for lunch or dinner. You'll probably see my family and me chowing down too.
If I were ever to be executed, I'd want a Meat & Cheese pasty for my last meal. With two red wine gravy.It's *that* good.
A very unique restaurant in the old town section of Scottsdale.  Very interesting menu and unbelievably the largest wine list I have ever encountered.  A nice combination.  Ordered several of the small dishes.  All were cooked to perfection. and tasted very good. Especially liked the chopped salad  and scallops were especially good. Nice setting.  Friendly greeter and server.  The atmosphere is very casual with a touch of elegance. Recommended for sure.
It looked like shrimp and it taste like shrimp but it wasn't shrimp. It looked like chicken and it taste like chicken but it wasn't chicken. It was all tofu and 100% vegan AND it was all amazingly great.  Even Amy's mock pork was surprisingly very pork like and I love pork.  You see, I love meat and it's very seldom that I go a day without meat in any given deal. However, this full "mock" meat experience was pretty cool and enlightening.  Not only was the lil establishment very clean but the owner was super cool and informative.  Although I don't see myself converting to full veganism anytime soon, I'll definitely be back to try a few more vegan-mock meat dishes. Boba Juice is also my new go to place for a much needed icy cold smoothie with boba of course. I've tried a few variations and my favorite is the taro/coconut smoothie, add boba.  I swung by Boba three days in a row for a smoothie and that's a pretty solid indicator that I like the place.  Yay, I am a fan!
So good. Oh so good. So good for a hangover, or, so good for brunch with mom. Quaint little establishment with cute little waitresses bouncing around in tiny little shorts. My coffee cup was never empty, and even as I was leaving, my waitress was filling up my to-go coffee cup..  she gets my vote for the most wonderful person of the day. Their breakfast menu was pretty excellent, I got the Western scramble with mushrooms and it was cheesy delicious excellence. Very clean, and lots of seating.. I had read about the lines, but we got right in and right out. This place is exactly like The Good Egg.. but not as many senior citizens or bonnet wearing geese used as the decor.. I am a fan.
How many great things can one say about the Cartel? Does Infinity work! Yes, that was a statement, not a question. I am in love with the CC, hands down. I have traded my gold Starbucks card in for this amazingly Delicious start to my day. The iced coffee ( actually, its Toddy, which is better) is amazing. They roast their own beans, and allow the iced coffee to sit over night, creating an extremely potent concoction. The hot drinks, A+++ as well. And, the food? A+++++ (5, yup its that legit). Grab the cheddar bacon muffin... its literally heaven. No joke. Heaven. Little clouds may form above your head; white clouds of course! Not those nasty rain clouds. OK, maybe not clouds. But defiantly your day will be sunny because you stopped into Coffee Cartel. And not because you live in AZ. Duh. Only complaint I have is the hours. I live right next door, and their only open M-F (like so many places in DT-Pho). PLLLEEEEAAAASSSEEEEEE open up for the weekends!!! I'll work for free! Well...wait... I'll come visit.
My pants get tight when I think about Pho Thanh.There is little else that I can say that would more accurately convey my love for this restaurant.
This place is great to go to for a chill and low key atmosphere.You can play billiards, cornhole, or video blackjack. One thing I didn't like: one of the bartenders told me there is a $10 minimum to use my credit card and I think he was trying to hustle me because when I went back to close my tab (without buying another drink), the other bartender took my credit card.Otherwise, a nice chill place to go.
You have to know what you're looking for to find this place.  I've passed this location several dozen times and never realized that a restaurant & bar was located underground.  A friend of mine invited me to have a few drinks and some dinner and I was intrigued, so I decided to go for it.We sat at the bar and ordered glasses of Wine and some Oysters.  The bar was packed, but we were able to comfortably enjoy our food and have a conversation.  The food was OK.  The Wine was the house Zinfandel, which was *eh*....but I didn't like the call options, so whatever.....now I know not to order Wine here.Overall, it wasn't too bad of an experience.  Next time, I'll go with a Beer instead of Wine and try sitting in the dining room.Return Factor - 80%
I will tell you exactly why this place is so great.This place will blow your mind.  Not only is the service good, but the food is amazing.  Here is the rub, your friends are drunk and they start babbling on about wanting to go to some Mexican food restaurant that inevitably ends in the letters ____berto's.  It does not matter which, they all are basically the same.  You go and get your gut injected with evil and then are forced to deal with that for 10-12 hours. Talk about regret. Don't do it.  Like a child of abuse, you have the power to stop the cycle.Say "Nah" Like the famous sunglasses kid, "Let's go to Mi Patio and have some fantastic food, amazing service, and keep drinking to boot."  You will be a hero. You will make Ironman look like AquaMan (He's a Chump.  "You sir, command that fish into this taco."). Short list of amazing things to be had here:1. Margaritas.2. Mi Patio Taco. Not a taco and not a burrito. What is it?3. The Chips and Salsa 4. Chicken Tacos.  5.  Ice Tea. 6. Pacifico
4.5 stars!I've eaten at Liberty Market a few times already, but this morning marked my first breakfast- and what a fantastic meal it was!- of pancakes (3 in a stack; $6.5) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=Xg8U6Fz2E8hu0xQ3Hf7CZg#Xg8U6Fz2E8hu0xQ3Hf7CZg w/ added topping of "market-made granola" ($1), a side of Grilled Flattened Meatballs ($3.5) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=MMwKpMltbKCWNNlraI-tGw#MMwKpMltbKCWNNlraI-tGw, and a double-shot of espresso ($2) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=M1WrCuX3oouHHrynL8KJQg#M1WrCuX3oouHHrynL8KJQg.  Service was in fine form-- I couldn't have the market-made maple syrup blend, nor any of the house-whipped cream, blueberry compote, raspberry and apricot jams, or any of the flavored syrups used at the coffee counter (my server patiently checked for those items we were unsure about), and when I asked for chocolate chips, I was, instead, offered a chocolate syrup made from scratch composed of chocolate, sugar, and coco oil... good stuff!  This syrup would be excellent on ice cream sundaes, too.  (FYI, I didn't really need anything extra to add to the pancakes and meatballs... the two paired well!)I've mentioned this once before, but I think it's such a great thing to yelp about again-- buy an espresso (or any of their specialty coffees), and you can have unlimited cups of regular coffee during your meal!  Not like I needed more caffeine after the double-shot, but I did have some of the house-blend coffee.  After 1.5 pancakes, the meatballs (watch out, they're very greasy!), and caffeine, I'll be good to go for a few hours, despite only having four hours of sleep!  (I'm hoping, anyway!)p.s.  Despite tipping more than 20% at the cashier upon ordering, I thought Bruce, the server who took care of me at my table, deserved a couple more bananas for not displaying annoyance at my staying here so long.  One more reason why I love Liberty Market so much!  Addendum:  After getting directions from Bruce as to the quickest way to 101 N, he asked me if I wanted a cup of coffee to go, gratis!  Have I told you how much I love Liberty Market??Helpful hint:  Free wifi can be accessed by entering the code printed at the bottom of your receipt.
Very good food.  Our service was great--thank you, Heather.  She guided us to some good wines and food recommendations.  We'll be back
The naming of Asian themed restaurants is in need of a serious makeover. I think this is the next frontier for marketing gurus; a potential fortune could be made here. Most restaurants fall into the category of being painfully bland ("China Food"), vaguely insulting ethnic caricatures ("Mr. Yings' Happy China Meal") or horrific puns ("Pho Sure"). Names like these don't inspire a lot of confidence in the quality of their food, even though that's not always the case (for example, "China Food" was actually pretty good).So when I saw Thai Elephant, my mind immediately reversed the name which sounds suspiciously close to a parasitic disease (elephantiasis). Plus the fact that it's located in a strip mall is a bit of a red flag. But a growling stomach can overcome these biases and so I pulled into the lot............And was pleasantly surprised. This is actually pretty good Thai food. The inside is a little more ornate than you would have expected; there's the whitewashed walls that fits the strip mall theme, but the furniture is darker wood with slightly dimmed background lighting. A large screen TV was playing the Suns game in the back room and a small bar is present in the front part of the restaurant. There are a few tables as well as some seats with a mix of wooden booths and chairs.Still wary, I ordered the hot tea, Thai sweet potatoes and chicken Pad Thai. All of these were above average: the Thai sweet potatoes were perfectly fried and mixed well with the slightly tangy sauce. I may have eaten more than ten times my body weight in Chicken Pad Thai over the years, and this was definitely above average. Although I was just here for dinner, I did see that they have a Happy Hour which runs from 5-7 pm. All in all, it's a pleasant place that belies its' strip mall exterior and is worth a visit for respectable Thai food.
Torn between review Fez Foodies, the periodic event that allows patrons to participate in sampling yet-to-be-added menu item and tweak them based on responses and the actual restaurant that hosts said event and providing a CenPho restaurant that combines innovative cuisine with ambiance and amazing service, I settled on the latter. Because without the brick-and-mortar there would be no former. So, tonight for the first time Robert M and I joined the Fez Foodies for a sneak peak at a few items that will be coming to a plate near you. The raspberry spinach salad was wonderful. The steak with mushrooms and smashed red potatoes might need another consideration but was still a pleasant entree. Honestly, I look forward to returning and getting these items, because Fez actually takes customer input/suggestions and applies them. Fez is one of those locations where I've never gotten anything but terrific service and a great meal. I'm fond of the garlic and rosemary fries but my coworkers and friends and strangers on the light rail think I should limit myself on these as some people don't appreciate the proven medical benefits of bucket-loads of garlic and shovelfuls of rosemary. Tools. Not surprisingly, Thomas was a peach of a host. Forgive me if I seemed disinterested in conversation: we just returned from Rim Country and that experience killed my ass.
I really enjoy this place. It's beautifully designed. It's hidden in a historic neighborhood, (zoning issues so no patio), and they make they own tonic! ---What else does one need? But now the food. Rich, full flavored, comfort food. I don't think there is a cuisine style here as far as I could tell, just some of the best food around. Had the fontina crusted with pinko and walnuts, awesome. A potato side dish, damn good I tell you. For the main course the skirt steak, which was some of the best red meat I'm had in a very, very long time. This is my vote for best new restaurant in Phoenix. Seriously.
Okay ya wanna know a little secret? I LONG for Green. Ever since moving back to New Orleans I'm surrounded by an embarrassment of culinary riches but our one vegetarian restaurant can never hold its own against Green. I passed through Scottsdale a few weeks ago to visit the Grand Canyon and the second I stepped off the plane at the Phoenix airport and secured the rental car we drove straight to the restaurant. Everything was just like I remembered it and slightly better. The staff was warmer and the food just as good. I'm still thinking about the "crab" puffs and the eggless rolls.
I had lunch here the other day.  It was a bit before the noon lunch rush so it wasn't too crowded.  You could tell they were gearing up for it so I can tell they get pretty busy.  So come early to avoid waiting with throngs of school kids that undoubtedly come from the high school next door.  I like that their menu isn't huge with zillions of burger combos and other options.  It was pretty straight forward.  I had the standard burger, fries and a drink.  Everything looks like it is pretty much cooked to order so it took a few minutes to get my food which was ok.  The cashier guy who looked suspiciously like Ray Liotta was very friendly and working like crazy so I'm pretty sure he was the manager if not the owner.The burger was thick, juicy and cooked perfectly.  It was a tad bit greasy but that made it that much more delicious.  The fries were also pretty good.  They are crinkle cut with just the right amount of crispiness on the outside and fluffiness on the inside.  I wasn't exactly sure what to do with the little cup of sauce they give you so I used it for my fries and my burger.  I think it was some chipotle mayo stuff.  It was pretty good but an odd thing to put on burgers and/or fries.This place isn't exactly cheap but it is worth it.  I can't think of a better fast food burger/fries in the area.  I would return to get the burger but I really want to try their Italian beef as well.
Chance encounter on this little (well, maybe not soo little) gem of a place. Yelped it the moment I passed by it because of all the cars present in their parking lot. Although there are only 8 reviews for the place, what people had to say about it really made me want to visit. Was well greeted on a spontaneous adventure to the restaurant for dinner. The bar was packed so my party decided to get seated in the main dining area. Got seated right away and was introduced to our server in no time. Think she had to swallow a chill pill or something because it took some time for her to be nice (most likely the main reason im not giving this place 5 stars)The menu was pretty reasonable. Starters dont exceed $10 and entrees range anywhere from $5-$15 (If Im correct, there is only one item on the menu costing $15) We started off with three appetizers, thinking it would be the only dishes ordered (little did we know):- Grilled Spicy Chicken Wings: Some a little burnt but it tasted great. The portions are large and seasoning just right (or too bland depending on what you prefer). I liked that it was grilled, less of that greasy hell overwhelming the taste of the actual meat.- Homemade lemon garlic Hummus with pita : sooo delicious. It was only about $6, it comes with a bunch of pita. My party of 4 shared it and still had left overs =] definitely recommended.- Cheeseburger Sliders x3 on Egg Bun: The bun is delicious! and the meat is perfectly cooked (medium) and seasoned. The perfect balance of meat, bun, and cheese. Comes with diced pickles.We were having a jolly time when all of a sudden someone notices a dish being served to the the table next to us. It looked so good, she decided to order it herself. We ended up sharing the Half Chicken entree and I was extremely impressed with how it came out.The chicken is juicy and tender the entire way through. No parts of the chicken dry, every bite was well savored and just...mmm mmm mmCame with two sides (we chose the green beans/onions and mashed potatoes): green beans weren't my favorite, they were overcooked but the mashed potatoes. Perfectly cooked, tasted so fresh. They don't use a ton of butter or sour cream which was favorable to my taste buds. Would definitely come againFYI: happy hour 3-6:30 pm. From what I could make out on the menu written in chalk: Half off appetizers and three 5.5 oz of draft beer for $5 (normally $6 for 3 - 5 oz beer sampler) oh and something about $5 wine
I was on my way into Sweet Republic just before Christmas when I spotted Painted Pretzel a few doors down.  Since I love pretzels, I was imagining all sorts of delights.  Hard pretzels in knots, twists, and rods covered with the finest chocolate.  Freshly baked soft pretzels salted, or rolled in cinnamon and sugar, or butter and garlic.  You name it.  They were going to sell it.Well I was sorely disappointed.  Upon entering, I realized this is probably more of a mail order type business.  No soft pretzels, either.  They specialize in pretzels dipped in chocolate and topped with nuts, candy pieces, etc.  There were some boxes of pretzels already made up, and we purchased a few.  The honey wheat pretzel rods were actually pretty good, the small bite-sized pretzels were nothing special.  The chocolate was a nice quality, but not the best.  Although they hand dip all the pretzels, they do not make the actual pretzels.  So if you're on a local foods kick, which I'm not, this isn't the place for you.  Not bad to have around the house and for gifts to pretzel lovers or corporate gifts as they are better than the products you would find in most grocery stores.  I was just hoping for a little more.
Fried Squash blossoms!  How do they come up with this stuff?  FnB gets 5 stars for creativity and service... oh, and the food is pretty amazing too!   The menu changes with the season, so I apologize in advance for making your mouth water by mentioning  food you'll probably never taste.   We started off with the appetizer special, Fried Squash blossoms stuffed with burrata served with fresh tomato sauce, and an order of naan with eggplant puree.  The Naan plate was nothing special, but the blossoms were fantastic.  For dinner Hottie had the lab chops with couscous and I had the pasta with butternut squash and pesto.   The pasta was amazing, I watched the chef make my pesto to order... mmmm basil!  Hottie devoured every bite, so I would say he enjoyed his chops too.  For desert we shared the panna cotta with cherries, it was the perfect ending to a great meal.  This place gets 5 starts all the way, from the moment we walked in, the service was impeccable and the food was superb.  Thank you FnB
best in the valley
Being a native Californian-I never knew these existed till I drove from Los Angeles to Charlotte, NC in 2005 and realized they are everywhere!!! I kept seeing these bill boards every few miles and finally decided that I had to try one. Fearing it was something like a "Waffle House" which I'd had the misfortune to visit once at 3am, I was prepared to turn and walk out if it was disgusting. My first experience was a pleasant surprise and this location is pretty much the same, in fact, every location is the same, which is a good thing when you are on a road  trip and looking for a clean bathroom and somewhere to grab a bite, maybe get some entertainment for the road.The front entrance is lined with rocking chairs and this location has water misters out there, which is good because the only place I have been that is hotter than Buckeye is Needles, Ca and i think Needles, Ca is right underneath a hole in the Ozone!Anyway, inside they have a little country store with every kind of candy you can imagine and seasonal cute stuff along with books, toys, gifts and such. The bathrooms are usually way cleaner than you'd find at a truck stop, rest stop or gas station and they have a full service restaurant with a "down home" menu. Best thing is breakfast all day long and they make great breakfast! If you are on the road and looking for a clean, pleasant pit stop. This is a great place to spend some time and re-charge for the road.
The name says it all. This is one hot bagel shop! This could be one of the best bagel shops I've found in Phoenix and I would have never expected to find it way up in North Scottsdale. This bagel shop is delicious. The bagels are large, hot, soft and extremely delicious. This local eatery has a line out the door on weekends and it's for a reason. The breakfast bagel sandwiches are to-die-for. The cheese, egg and bacon combo sandwiched between a hefty bagel makes it worth waking up early on a Sunday morning! I will be visiting again soon for the deli because I hear that it's a must to stop by and experience their lunch.
I had the pleasure of going to the grand opening of Total wine and more! They had penny wine tasting, they card you at the door and you put your penny into the hurricane jug.  The place is Disneyland for adults, they have every imaginable wine, liquor, or beer that you would be searching for. Since I recently went to Sonoma, California in August, I was looking for a few of my fave wines that I liked, but they did not have some of the smaller wineries and plus they are limited releases.  I did find one from Ferrari-Carano, Fumé Blanc,  for $10.97. Ferrari told me that you can find some of their wines in a grocery stores, but not the Fume Blanc, so they lied.  I also purchased a Kokopelli Cab for $13.99 and Kokopelli is local to Arizona  made in Wilcox.   This place has excellent deals and glad to see this kind of store in San Tan Village Mall.
ROCK OUT WITH YOUR COCK OUT!!!As a big heavy metal and hard rock fan I just had to make sure to hit up Alice Cooperstown on my recent visit to Phoenix. As I walked into this warehouse sized rock & sports mecca I was surely not disappointed.This place is huge. There is an outdoor beer garden seating area on the side of the building and when you walk indoors you realize that this place is airplane hanger big. Rock and roll memorabilia is plastered everywhere here with a terriic amount of Alice Cooper posters, gold and platinum records, photos, paintings, guitars, and other stuff representing his Hall of Fame career plastered throughout. Even all the tables are covered in rock photos and images. Along side all of that is a mix of sports memorabilia spread throughout with flat screen tv's and large projection screens everywhere! Yeah, as you can imagine, they play some great rock music here, classic to current. This is the type of place that Hard Rock Cafe wishes it could be.The menu here is pretty big with a mix of classic bar food, comfort food, and BBQ. Nice selection of beers on tap and in bottles. We ordered a mixed BBQ platter and it was actually some pretty decent BBQ! Great ribs and tasty brisket. Alas, what caught my eye was The Big Unit. Not just a regular hot dog, but 22 inches of Vienna Beef destruction loaded with chili, onions, jalapenos, sauerkraut, relish, tomatoes, cheese sauce, shredded cheddar, and bacon, along with a bunch of crispy fries. Oh Yeah! This is the dog that Adam Richman devoured on Man vs Food! They ring a big bell whenever this is ordered. I saw a few people give up on it and take half home in a box. Not me. Now I was going to join that fat ass and do some damage here myself!Yup, I ate that whole damn thing! Honesty, it was pretty tasty and was not too hard to finish. Just had to pace myself. Drinking a huge cup of diet Coke while doing this was not too smart as my gut felt like it was going to explode! Still, I got the whole thing down my throat bit by bit and swallowed it whole. Heh-heh-heh! I sat there in euphoric bliss of my accomplishment. Boy, did I feel like a fat slob.On the way out we had to look around the souvenier area and picked up a few things. Had a great time here and the food was pretty good. Nice waitress and all of them here wear Alice Cooper-like eye makeup while working which adds to the fun. Menu items are fairly priced too. This part of town is empty unless a game is going on and there is a parking garage across the street, along with metered spots on the streets but after 8PM they are free. Lots of available parking.MAN vs FOOD AIN'T GOT NOTHING ON ME!!!
Much better than the frozen variety.  Sort of better than the quick serve shop in the Fashion Mall in Vegas- from what I remember.  This place was just as I was expecting: way crowded at lunch time, over-priced pizza and drinks, and so-so service.The pizza I had with wheat crust that included eggplant, roasted red peppers, and goat cheese was pretty tasty.  I guess if you consider that I had a second meal out of the pizza, the price wasn't too bad.
"We wanted to take you out for your last dinner...so we got to thinking 'what place has specials on a Tuesday?'..and I remembered Chompie's has a special..AND A FOOD CHALLENGE."And THAT is how I ended up at Chompie's on a Tuesday.  They were featured on TV (I think it's Man Vs. Food, but I'm not sure) bc of this food challenge of theirs.  On Tuesdays, they have a special - AYCE Jewish sliders & fries with the purchase of a beverage for $11.95.  (Keep in mind, a plate of 3 Jewish sliders + fries is $11.95.)I was told the specialties here are sliders.  The sliders themselves are a decent size (I'd say maybe it's the same size as the tiny McD's burgers, but taller?).  Jewish sliders have potato cakes in them; Western sliders don't; breakfast sliders are something completely different.Everything we ordered was ehhhh (befitting of a "meh, I've experienced better" rating).  Two things that did impress me, however, were:1. They place pickles on the table right when you sit down!  I'm not a pickle girl myself, but it's a nice gesture.2. Everyone here is so FRIENDLY (I mean genuinely friendly!!).  Idk, I think most Arizonians in general are friendlier than the Californians I encounter on a daily basis hahahhaa.  And our waitress went out of her way to split 5 checks for our party of 7...that was pretty cool of her.I'm glad I went here for the experience, but I wouldn't come back again.  Lesson learned: Don't trust a bunch of post-gym, hungry, non-Yelping boys to pick a dinner spot ;)
I crave breakfast food all the time, but I want something more than an Ihop or Dennys. Not only is Crackers & Co way better than a mainstream breakfast place, it's actually cheaper too!I ordered the breakfast burrito without meat and it was amazing. It had just the right amount of spice and the portions were way bigger than I imagined. Their country potatoes are awesome and have nice, brown, crunchy edges. I went with a group of 5 people who all ordered different breakfast items and not a single person was disappointed with their food.This place was not only really cute but also great for the price and taste. Plus, they serve breakfast all day on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays.I can't wait to go back.
i dont know why i didn't fall in love with pita jungle sooner. i work right next to the mall so the food court is super convenient for us. let me tell you a story of how i ate here everyday for lunch for a week. i ordered a standard gyro with no pickles (they put pickles on their gyros and i find that disgusting) my coworker, jen, ordered the pasta salad with chicken on top. mine was delicious and i tasted hers. hers was so good! i was like, that's what i'm ordering tomorrow.the next day we went again and i ordered the chicken pasta. while waiting for the food to come out someone in front of me picked up their order of a hummus trio with chicken on top and a side of pita.the next day jen asked where i wanted to go to lunch. i said pita jungle and i got my hummus trio. and the trend continued. their food is so good!!!! and its like $8!! and since i work nearby i get a discount! today i had a side of chicken breast with super fresh mushrooms. i watched them steam them, then put them in a pan with w tons of garlic, red wine, and seasoning. some of the best mushrooms i've ever had and it was a HUGE order of mushrooms.i love this place!
Hire a busboy! I had to say it. I had to take these pictures. This is my _third_ visit since my May update with the same result and I can't keep it to myself any longer. The staff neglects the dining room. Period. Dot. Patrons often have to move dirty plates, stacking them up on top of trays at another table, just to sit down.My recommendation to the owners is to put up some garbage bins like all other self-busing fast-food places and make _us_ do it if you're not going to.I have to wonder what happens to all those half-filled salsa squirt bottles left on the tables unrefrigerated for so long. Do they top off and return them to service, or are they emptied and washed before refilling?It is my sincere hope that very soon I will be able to update this review again and say that things are back to normal. Until then, I have to advise driving a bit further south to Mi Patio, or north to Sylvia's La Canasta.
What a find during my ongoing Vietnamese food trip - a Vietnamese restaurant which, unlike the others I've been to, is located in a charming converted little home rather than in a run down strip mall.  But the food is just as good or better, and with run-down-strip-mall-eatery prices. Their banh xeo (crispy rice crepes stuffed with beansprouts and shrimp) is awesome, and the generous seafood soup with white asparagus is something I'd order even on a hot day.  One of my favorite Vietnamese dishes is rice vermicelli with shrimp and pork or beef, and while their version is not as bold in flavor as Dong A's, it is definitely quite tasty. The courteous service complements the brevity of the wait between placing your order and receiving your food.
I really Love this place!I stopped in for lunch and tried a couple new things. The Ravioli di Zucca Appetizer (see pics) which is:roasted butternut squash ravioli with parmesan, brown butter,sage and crumbled amaretti...OMG it was just delicious but a perfect appetizer to share , it's available in two sizes I got the small one.The sweetness from the crumbled amaretti is a very nice touch.I ordered the Healthy Fish again (see pics) and once again it was perfect!My guest ordered the Penne Salsiccia (see pics) which had Italian sausage, caramelized onions and pecorino cheese! The sausage was really good and for just $5 you can't beat that!
Have you ever been to Postino for lunch?  I think of it as an after work spot, but the lunch is really good.  It's peaceful and pretty at Postino at lunchtime, the bruschetta is just as tasty during the day as it is in the evening, and the panini are good, too.
We were excited to check out this new restaurant! We were left extremely underwhelmed. We sat in the bar to watch MNF. It would have been nice to be able to hear the game over the discordant pop rock music at a mexican establishment but I understand that you are not a "sports bar". It was Monday night and with the exception of a large group  of blue hairs celebrating secretary's day the place was empty.  The bar area managed to fill up, because the Cardinals were on tv and it seemed as thought the high tops and patio were busy as well. Our bartender Amanda was very polite and eager to up sell us their flavored tequilas and specialty cocktails. You can tell she was a little wet behind the ears but she was doing her best nothing a little training and experience can't fix. The wait time to receive a cocktail was excruciatingly long though being a former bartender I understand the complexity that new bars go though to develop new and unique cocktails.  We ordered the pumpkin margarita. I applaud the attempt but personally it tasted like puréed baby food. I was feeling very open minded and wanted to experience as much as I could that TQLA had to offer so we ordered the salsa trio and chicken tortilla soup.  Queso dip: coldHabanero dip: sweet with a swift kick afterwards: not badGuacamole: good: but was gone after 2 bites. I guess they feel if they place the guacamole on a bed of green shredded lettuce it will look like there is more than delivered. FailChicken tortilla soup: Thick tomato soup with dry dark meat chicken chunks. Maybe it is just me but I prefer a more broth based ck tort soup and juicy white/dark meat chicken. Bleh: Amanda offered to remove it off our bill but I insisted on finishing mine because I was hungry. My GF pushed hers to the side; DNF. Meanwhile; whilst experience our starters we managed without any silverware or napkins and at this point Amanda being the only bartender on managed to become flooded with specialty cocktails in the well; thus not being able to properly oversee her patrons at the bar. Needles to say our drinks were empty, our plates, monkey dishes, empty bowl of chips, 2 cups of bland tortilla soup, saucers and wrinkled up black beverage napkins (used in the place of the real ones) were all tattering on the edge of the bar eagerly anticipating a bus boy to remove them. Onto the Entrees:I ordered the carne Asada steak.  My girlfriend tried the habanero chicken platter. They were delivered by TQLA manager "Joe". Whom decidedly pulled himself from enjoying the football game to expedite some food. He crept up behind us and shuffled the entree platters in front of our faces after we spread our dirty dishes closer to the edge of the bar and politely stacked them for our ficticious busboy/girl to remove them properly. Now in my history with management; a decent manager would offer to remove the collection of dishes but instead he decided to ask us if we needed anything else since the look on our faces was disgust. Instead we opted to inform Joe that we would enjoy our meal a little better with silverware and napkins.  He acknowledged that was a novel concept and proceeded to fetch us a pair. Joe wasn't six steps away before he was interrupted by a member of the waitstaff who informed him that what she needed was more important than delivering two setups to some first time customers so they could enjoy their ever increasingly cold food.  At this point my girlfriends temper got the best of her and she jumped up and retrieved her own silverware off of a table in front of Joe and eager waitress to salvage any heat that might have been left in our entrees. We dig in:  Carne Asada: was tender but lacking the Wow factor. Habanero Chicken: Tasted like a chicken breast smothered in their warm fire roasted salsa... What happened to the habaneros?  Where is the heat...? BlandI hope they get better: but until then Nandos all the way. Never saw Joe touch any tables, never offered to help out a bartender who was swimming laps in an Olympic size pool. Occasionally the wait staff would come behind the bar and help out.  This is about the time that our appetizers, chips, soups, and entrees were all removed from the bartop. FYI Joe, the hostess stand can hold itself up on its own. You don't have to stand there and hold it up. Keep an eye on your staff and customers and offer help where they need it so people will be happy to come back and give you a second shot.
The novelty of this place garners it some brownie points, and you definitely don't come here for the food. Yes, scantily clad nurses will serve you your food, cheerfully chat you up, and be agreeable to a photo shoot at the end of your meal. You'll also appreciate the little things Heart Attack Grill does (i.e. conveniently placed mirrors at ass-level behind all the counters for any patron's ogling pleasure), and there's no shortage of little quirks that definitely give the place character (i.e. their refusal to serve any diet sodas).The food kinda sucks, though. I'll admit I liked the huge and considerately chilled Coke bottle, but that's about it. The fries were quite...flaccid and stale, the burger didn't seem so fresh or special, and it was relatively pricey for the amount of sustenance you get. Even so, you don't need more than a single bypass burger, unless you're itching to be useless for the next few hours, or if you are a gorilla. Yet the clever presentation of what might sound like a practical joke with poor taste makes this place worth visiting with some friends. You'll have fun, and you'll be plenty full by the end of it!
I've seen this place come up on Yelp a lot, especially since it's near where I work, and finally had a chance to take Jon S. out for a sort of going away dinner the other night. I thought to make reservations, which was a good idea because it was very packed on a Friday night. We started with the taste of thai, which is their version of a pupu platter. My favorites were the thai toast and chicken satay. It was a little weird that the fried items were hot, but the pot stickers and siamese kisses were a little warm, but still good. I had the crispy basil chicken (level 3 hot) and Jon had the shrimp stirfry (level 1 hot). When our dishes were brought out, we both loved the flavors, but agreed we needed some more heat, and our server gladly brought out some chili paste for us which did the job. It's a very cute restaurant and I'll definitely be back to try some other things on the menu.
So, for more than a year, I drove by this place on my way to work but never checked it out. I wasn't sure what to make of a place with a walk-up takeout window. Last night, I followed a group of friends there for a late dinner. Didn't try any appetizers. I just split a 14' Italian special pizza--sausage, green olives and fresh garlic. The pizza was pretty good, not spectacular but definitely a couple steps above a place like Mamma Mia's whose pizza has a fast-food quality at times. Red Devil is very generous when it comes to toppings, at least on this one. I am an olive lover but haven't had green olives on pizza before. I enjoyed olives in every bite. But if you think olives are just okay, you might have found it a bit much. The pizza was kind of big for two people and with tax, it was about $18. So, I'd say it's fairly priced. I have to say that the service, more than the pizza, would draw me back. Servers who think of the little things before you even ask are much appreciated. We had a party of nine and our waiter was super patient. We also brought a birthday cake on the premises, which they allow. Our waiter started clearing all our plates and silverware and before I could ask, he said not to worry, he'd bring us clean plates and forks for the cake. He also saw someone with a camera and asked to take a picture. He just gave off a genuine vibe of being helpful. I would definitely consider it if in the mood for something casual but not carbon-copy fast food.
Stacy's is so cute! I pulled up and its a little shack with some limited seating outside. Seems like most people take their food to go, but your more then welcome to eat at their tables if you like.When you pull up, you order at the window and they make the food for you while you wait.  There were a few of us hanging out in the parking lot at the time, which was kinda fun!  I got the BBQ Brisket to go, and it was a okay.  I loved the fact that it was smoked, and the BBQ sauce was on the side, so I could put on as much as I'd like.Menu's kinda limited but good, and pricing is fair.  So, I was checking out their make shift dining area, and I had to laugh because there was a spray painted sign above that said "man cave."  LOL.Place is cute, I recommend carrying out, and parking is kinda tight. Definitely a cute spot, and not a half bad place!
This place wasn't quite up to scratch for me. I had the foie gras sandwich.  It was pretty good, but I was still ravenous $10 later, so I top it off with a chocolate croissant ($2.75) which was also good.  Definitely a cute space with above average dishes.  But in the end there just wasn't enough bangs for my bucks.
This was really 3.5 stars and I'm rounding down to 3 for a few reasons...on which I will now elaborate.District could be in any Sheraton, anywhere.  In fact, it is strikingly similar to Rum Fire, the trendy restaurant in the Sheraton Waikiki where I stayed for a few days this summer before my family arrived and we stayed moved to the family place.  The flooring, the red circular lounge area, the live music on Thursday nights...it was all the same.  Heck, even the menu was the same.  The difference was that in Waikiki there was a "Hawaiian" slant to everything and the live music was much, much better.  (And of course the beach front setting).  I get the impression that they are trying to market themselves as a "downtown restaurant" more than the "place in the Sheraton"...but to be honest, it is your quintessential trendy hotel restaurant.The bartenders were really friendly.  The wine list for a "wine bar" is incredibly lacking.  Nothing interesting, nothing fun.  The pricing is on par with what I would expect from a hotel.  The space is modern and trendy, something that there isn't that much of in downtown.  I love the charm of a historic home, but I also love sleek and modern lines.We selected a few small plates, or appetizers, depending on which of their menus you are looking at.  The crab cakes were good, if nothing short of predictable, and the chips and dip were surprisingly unique.  A dill dip and a French onion dip provided a nice departure from the regular spinach artichoke.  I'm not sure this is a place that I would come to for dinner, and it is definitely not a place I would come to for brunch.  (The brunch menu is a typical hotel menu, with typical hotel pricing).  I think that for me District will just remain a place for drinks and small bites.  I'm not going to lose my mind over this place.  It's not that great, I'd say it's fairly generic.  But the staff was friendly and it's within walking distance of my place.  I'm sure I will be back for drinks.
Great food can be found anywhere. Great service is one in a million these days. This place gets an A+ in the most awful service I have ever received and if you have/had a Groupon for this place like I did, don't even bother going. You'll be treated worse than a bothersome fly on a hot and humid day.It's simple. Businesses put  their name out by working with daily coupon sites like Groupon, LivingSocial, etc., to garner new and potential repeat customers. Instead, after going there with my handy coupon, I can't help but drive by this place on the way home and think nothing but the horrible experience I received. I went with my boyfriend and bought the Groupon because I was impressed due to online reviews and decided to splurge on a good ole' prime rib. We sit down, am impressed with the old school decor, and then the server from Azkaban appears. We tell her that we'd like to order off the special evening menu where it's a little cheaper and tell her joyfully that we found this place through Groupon and that it's our first time. Wrong thing to do. I don't know if it's because past Groupon-ers don't tip well or something, but I could swear her smile immediately turned 180 degrees in an instant. It took our food (the chicken and prime rib) almost 33 minutes to come out. All we did was nom ... and nom ... and nom on the watery coleslaw and gritty liver (which isn't to blame since I was never a liver fan). Not once did our server come by our table. We watched her run into the kitchen and either not come back out for a while or attend to other tables. It was another server that came out and gave us our food so we let our frustration go since it wasn't her fault and there's no use in calling her out for nothing. We asked if she knew where our server was, and she said she would look for her. 10 minutes later, nothing, yet it was the new server who kept coming back, asking if everything was alright like a normal server should. Then it was time for the check and we just wanted to get out of there since we were basically ignored. 17 minutes pass, no check came even though our  table had been cleared. Our server was still MIA so we asked a random server to give us our check. He said he would tell our server to bring it back and we told him straight up that we didn't even want to see her face so another random server brought it back.We had a table of 4 sitting next to us who even leaned over and asked us why we were being so calm when our non-existent server was treating us like crap. We didn't even want to bother waiting another 20 minutes just to talk to a manager since apparently the only way the servers here communicate is by playing Telephone so we just left after paying. The table beside us told us that they were going to complain for us since we wanted to leave, but whether they did or not I didn't even care at that point. To be honest, I can't even remember what the food tasted like, which isn't quite fair in a review. I went here a couple of months ago, but I have never had an experience where service overrode the taste of food. I'm pretty sure prisoners in a cafeteria get more attention than I did.Maybe it wasn't even the Groupon. Who knows. All I know is that we ran out of there like Usain Bolt and tell anyone who asks about our worst dining experience that this is the place to experience it.
I rarely give 5 stars, as I believe it is very difficult to obtain a perfect score through food, beverage, service, ambiance, etc. Christopher's new venture is perfectly Christopher, 5 stars.First off a little background, Christopher is a native. That's right; he's a graduate of Central High School. He studied in France where he honed his craft and to this day draws his technique from. He has owned now three ventures in Phoenix, first his fine dining and bistro location on the northwest corner of 24st and Camelback (later became Eddie's by Eddie Matney, former hair dresser turned chef at Cous-Cous then Eddie's Grill) then after closing he moved to the restaurant row in The Biltmore Fashion Park, 2rd level to open Christopher's Fermier Brasserie & Paola's Wine Bar. Which in reading many reviews here on Yelp was unfortunately misunderstood. It makes me wonder if people understand what French is, it's not their fault though, there aren't many French restaurants in town, most have be closed, including Mary Elaine's at the Phoenician  and John Claude's Petite Cafe. There are a few that still survive Sophie's and Vincent's, but in this town of chains few people venture for French. Now with Christopher's Restaurant/Crush Lounge he has passed on the wine bar and opened a lounge instead. Christopher does enjoy lounges as he is a regular at Merc Bar, but then so is his smoked salmon which is offered on the Merc Bar menu. So a lounge makes sense, I'm a believer in a chef should open what they are passionate about. The new location has a different feel from his previous; his last venture echoed a French Countryside feel, as did the food. I think that was why many didn't understand it; yes it was French, but ALL FRENCH IS NOT FINE DINNING. I wish more understood that concept, but this is primarily a beer drinking state, not wine or rather more Mc D's not Mary E's! Hence there's a difference between filling your stomach and filling your soul and leaving a restaurant inspired with the feeling that life is wonderful. Christopher's is the latter. The design is contemporary with long lines of brushed stainless, white linen and exposed wooden beams. Kudos to whoever designed it, great job! The tables are dressed with white linen, elegant silver and polished stemware. You can't help but feel that it's 'time to dine' when seated. The walls in the main dining room have many vases of fresh flowers that seem to be replaced whenever necessary, nice touch.  The food at Christopher's is exactly what you'd expect, French, without the super-high-end prices. He's still one of the only chefs in town serving Foie Grass and Duck Confite, both wonderful and worth the trip if a glass of juice (wine) is added! I've been there now on 4 occasions and everything is fantastic, flavorful and prepared professionally. Christopher offers daily specials and I recommend them including; Veal Chop on Wednesdays, Roasted Duck on Thursday, Lamb Shank on Friday and Rabbit on Saturday. But don't stop at your entree, get the cheese course for dessert or for something sweet, the Chocolate Tower is one of the best desserts in town, hands down, no question.  Service is another point were Christopher sets himself apart. It doesn't get any better than this. Again it's NOT fine dining, so you can't compare it to fine dining restaurants (but then again there's only one left in the valley - Different Point Of View).  The servers know the food; they can describe anything on the menu and recite the specials as if their job depends on it (if you know Christopher it probably is).  Food is coursed correctly with a few minutes in between, as well as wine service is as professional as it gets. The bread service is as always, French breads with a super rich, euro butter, perfect for lapping up to sauce or vinaigrette remains on your plate.Needless to say, Christopher does it right, in my opinion, or is it just my opinion? Many of the valley's most celebrated chefs eat at Christopher's, he's know in many circles as the "chef's chef". But don't take my word for it, ask the chef at your favorite restaurant, who their favorite chefs are in town, and favorite restaurants, most likely Christopher will make the list!Here's the web address:  http://www.christophersaz.com/The website is limited; menu, wine list, press release and pictures of the restaurant...
AAAAMAZING.They have the best hot dogs and corn dogs i have ever had.  It is definitely a place to try if you love hot dogs.They have good fries, excellent onion rings.... and very very reasonable prices!  I have never met a single person who has said anything but incredible things about Ted's..... definitely a must try!
The service at this location was great, until one of the servers managed to incorporate throwing up in into a conversation while I was nursing a hangover. Never a good idea to talk throwing up to a customer that is eating.duh!! This conversation led to more inappropriate words from the employee until he finally left....grrrrr!!!Had the biscuits& gravy special ( $10.95 ), no bueno. I like my gravy simple...just some gravy with a little sausage running through,thats it. Can't stand it when there is onions, peppers, celery, carrot...yuck!! And they served those generic potatoes that are big flavorless cubes that they put in the deep fryer. Should have just had the chicken and waffle, lesson learned.
Not a bad sub which I find to be something I can eat almost daily.  Prices are a little higher than a Subway but their meat is freshly sliced to order and they do a much better job with their bread.  They are still lacking the hard crust french/Italian bread that I crave since leaving the East Coast but this is something I have learned not to expect out here in AZ.  The girls that work behind the counter are excellent and a few have been there for years.  They know service and are fast and great at keeping the lines at bay.
Super cool space, friendly host (owner?) making all feel welcome and at home. Went with a large group on a Saturday night prime dinner hour and it was a no hassle wait, perhaps due to the company, it was painless. The Four Peaks beer choices, games of skill and comfy waiting area eased it as well. Service was attentive as sometimes large parties are tough to handle, but I observed no glitch here. I do plan to return when excessive day drinking has not blurred my perspective, but I remember having some pretty solid food. I sampled the Fontina cheese appetizer, perhaps my expectations were askew but I was surprised to see cheese sticks. I suppose I envisioned a wedge of cheese, either way it tasted fine and the pair of dipping sauces were unique. Sharing the same dish a savory romesco balanced with a sweeter pear sauce, I enjoyed them both with the cheese. Skirt steak is spiced nicely with garlic, chile and cumin ,charred and sliced, smothered with tasty mushrooms comforted by a hearty scoop of Yukon mashers. Not my optimum presentation as I like to cut it myself. I think the beef, which tasted great, went beyond the medium rare request which seemed to just be ignored. Not enough resting time from grilling to cutting and plating I would guess, however the meat was still juicy .I also had the chance to sample the maple glazed pork with pear crisps. Yum. Well cooked ,juicy and chock full of smoky sweet goodness. The side of Gorgonzola grits was a bit loose, but the flavor was very nice. Portions were very generous. Looking forward to checking this spot out again without the world of beer fest goggles head start.
I walked in and uttered, "I think I found my new home".1) Miller High Life on draught and bottle.2) Buckhunt (the lil orange gun has even been taped together-double buck bonus!)3) Bowling videogame...god, I love these things4) Indoor smoking lounge!!! With a large screen TV, two tables and a lot of pleather seating, the large fan won't mean much but WOW-exciting! There is a french style door separating the lounge from the bar area where the stage is so you can still peak at the band while sucking tar.5) Well...even the womens' bathroom is pretty gnarly...which would normally subtract a star-but I was so happy to pee in the unmarked restroom I won't touch it!Other notes: all bartender, barbacks, security were extremely sweet and friendly; all other patrons were either pretty chill, excited to see the band that was playing or willing to strike up conversation; tons of televisions everywhere; they had a lot of beers on tap-cheap too; this place is HUGE. In fact I would consider it a liability since there are a lot of steps connecting each section-at times I found myself balancing precariously-and that is b/c I am a klutz-wasn't even drunk...ok, not that drunk. Most everyone had tats, black hair, laid back. This is def. not a scene-and I love that!
One bite and I was transported back to the crowded streets of Monterrey.  I could almost smell the exhaust of the vochos and hear the distant conversation of the local policia extorting their prescribed mordida.  Quite simply, this is the taco as the way it was intended by its creators.  The pure and unadulterated classic enjoyed by the Mexican working class.What Pomo is to pizza, this place is to tacos.  Authentic...absolutely authentic.
One of these days I will learn NOT to take out of town guests to places I haven't tried first.  I was pretty excited for one of my favorite people to come and visit.  Her only request?  Sushi!  While I have my list of absolute AZ favorites (Tokyo Lobby, Toyama, Sakana, Hiro, Dozo) foolishly I decided we should try somewhere new.  Having read many good things about Hana, the choice was made.Walking into the BYOB place with our Kirin Ichiban in hand, we were ready for a great evening.  Too bad that isn't what we experienced.  After being ignored for a few minutes by everyone who passed by and even the person behind the counter, I found someone to tell that there were two of us and we would like to sit at the sushi bar.  Although there were spots open, we were left standing there for quite a while.  Do you want to stand around holding a 6-pack and not even be offered a bottle opener?  Me neither.  Once we were finally seated, we weren't told about any specials, offered water or even glasses for our beer.  Deciding to make the best of it, we ordered:Yellowtail sashimi (good, the best item we had)Spicy scallop nigiri (good)Albacore sashimi (dry, not sliced through, leaving us top pick off overcooked bits and pieces)Freshwater eel nigiri (dry and crumbly rice, falling apart at the touch)Scallop dynamite ($15+ for 'krab'?  Really?)The female sushi chef was nice but our waitress was nonexistent.  Other tables and customers at the sushi bar seemed to be getting decent service (water, getting their beer/wine/whatever from the refrigerator) but we were left without water refills (once we finally got any at all) and don't even think about getting another of those BYOB beers we brought.  It even took a while to get the unused bottles back when we were trying to leave. Lackluster food and nonexistent service at a premium price.  No thanks.
I got the chicken burger today, it is pretty good.  Grilled, juicy, and cooked just right.  The fries are always hot and crispy.  The wait for the food took a little longer than normal, but I know they are very busy.  Bummer our service this time was a totally miss.  At first she was great, check came took our drink order and food at the same time (we were ready).  She checked on us after our food arrived and we ever saw her again until the bill.  We both were so thirsty, NO REFILLS.  She offered us later that she can bring our refills in a to go cup.  That is great, but I would have liked a drink with my food instead of choking it down.
The food's been covered before so all this review will be is further social proof that this place does indeed rock.  I've missed good veal cannelloni for a while now , looks like I wont need to anymore:)    For once it's not the processed grey stuffing that has one texture throughout  surrounded by an inner tube ( Cough  famous chain)    Erin's  Pollo Piccata was excellent  and the accompanying pasta was perfect.Sadly  they fed me too well since I was dying to try the tiramisu  but the afternoons plans didn't involve  refrigeration.  Lastly thanks to all that  saw the excellent reviews and kept piling them on it really makes a big difference on how likely we've been to try new places.
Time flies when you're having fun...It's been almost a full year since my initial review of Bacon, and I've been back probably ten times or more.I've seen a lot of transition with the employees but I can say that their service has gotten much better since the beginning.  The casual atmosphere is right up my alley for a weekend breakfast, and my yogi omelette / protein pancake orders have stayed consistent too.  I was there earlier today and while the service was spot-on, I did find a piece of ham in my otherwise veggie omelette - but I overlooked it and enjoyed my meal nonetheless...My husband has been to Bacon even more than i have, and he told me he recently sampled what's to come on their new lunch menu (think pastrami sandwich).  So, go for breakfast, go for lunch, go for a Bloody Mary or a Mimosa... just kick back and enjoy your meal!
I have gone here several times and have tried the pizza, subs and the calzones.  I have not had anything there that I did not like and the only reason I don't give this five stars is because everytime I am in there it seems a large group with lots of young kids has just sat down (or come to run around me while I try to eat) at the same time as my date and I.  I admit, I wish restaurants had sections for families so that those who do not like watching kids run around or spitting food out of their mouths on to the table could eat in peace, but that is just me and that is why I have dogs and not children.Anyway, this place has awesome food, good service and if you can handle large groups of families then I highly recommend you take the drive out here to give it a try.
Oh god.. I use to love this place its the closest store to me, and I have my safeway card so I'm good to go.. place is a mess. First the parking lot.. too small for the amount of things going on at this complex, I am shocked that there isn't a daily accident in the parking lot. People are impatient, driving down the middle of the rows instead of one sides.. I just got back from there and I was making my exit and three cars tried to go for my parking spot created a jumble mess, so much so I had to pull back in the spot so they could move.. ugh. Inside the story, they seem to always always be stocking and never seem to be stocked.. When I go I can never fully complete my shopping list, there is always something not stocked so I have to come back or just go with out it.. But today took the cake.. Its just after one in the afternoon, every single row there was at least one person stock, blocking half of the row.. its 1pm! Usually by 1, stores are stocked up, maybe one or two things to go.. There was also a cockroach.. and not to sound snobby but the type of people that tend to go to this on, I feel I need to carry mace or have a buddy.. So I may go back for quick in and out shopping, but for big shopping trips I'll drive out of my to somewhere else.. even with the gas prices..
Someone asked the question in the Yelp talk threads where the best place was for fried things, like french fries and onion rings.  Several people said Ted's had great onion rings......so off I went!  I expected a smaller place but I was pleasantly suprised when I pulled up to a medium sized store.  I was greated with a smile and asked what I would like.  It was a Sunday afternoon so they were not very busy.  I liked the fact that you tell them what you want and they toss it on the grill right in front of you.  Everything is freshly cooked.  They did the same with the onion rings and french fries too.  Everything was fresh and hot.  My daughter had her favorite....a hot dog, which she loved, and fries which were fresh and crisp.  I had a burger and onion rings.  Yes, the onion rings were delicious!  The batter was great and the onions were a little on the sweet side.  My burger was cooked to perfection.  This is another great little place we will go back to.  It's also sort of near my work so maybe I'll get out one day and go here for lunch.  Thanks Ted's and Yelpers!
I'm a little bit country. I'm a little bit rock n roll...thank you Donny and Marie. Pinnacle Peak General Store is all country baby. 100% U.S. grade countrilicous! Well, ok, it's in North Scottsdale so it's got a pretty yuppified clientele. Part gas station, convienence store, cafe and post office....this is the cutest place ever. Was kinda my morning hang when I lived at DCRanch. Cup o joe, and the #1 Breakfast with 1 pancake, 2 eggs and bacon. I'm tellin' ya...it's good. Hard to screw up bacon and eggs so I'll rave about my pcake...a bit crispy around the edges and full of buttermilk flavor. Syrup is heated just right and comes in a squeeze bottle the waitress pulls out of her apron pocket. Is that a squeeze bottle of syrup in your apron or are you just happy to see me? Coffee is sturdy and aromatic...like my lesbian cousin Rita. I haven't eaten off the lunch menu...to me it's all about breakfast. My friends have ordered and enjoyed canteloupe with cottage cheese and some kind of omelette which escapes me now, cuz, frankly, I'm not a big fan of the omelette. Childhood trauma and I can't go into it now. The funniest thing about this place are the copper pots and other bric a brac hanging from the rafters that are all for sale. Some of the pots are like $100! OMG....They also have a gas pump that's like $5,000...I guess that's where North Scottsdale meets the country general store. So hitch up the wagon and skeedaddle on up to the Pinnacle Peak General Store. Tell 'em Thomas sent ya
Love this place! Amazing Happy Hour Specials!!
What an incredible little hidden gem!  I have lived here for 10 years and been to Richardson's a number of times, but I never even knew that Dick's Hideaway was around the corner hidden away behind those beautiful bougainvillea's.  The dcor was warm and woody with a very nice rustic feel.   This little place has the all the charm of the guys working inside.  As cozy as it was, I immediately felt like I just walked into that place 'where everybody knows your name'.  My friend's and I met for breakfast.  High top wooden rustic table or belly up to the bar?  Very comfortable, either way.  I was expecting the typical two egg breakfast, but to my delightful surprise, they have their own spin on breakfast.  Not sure if any of you had been to Richardson's (same owner AND same owner as Rokerij), but I swear they have the best red sauce on the planet.  I had 2 eggs, over medium, next to some rancho beans topped with a little bit of cheese, and some breakfast potatoes, ALL on top of a fresh flour tortilla.  The best part?  My eggs and beans were topped with their famous red sauce.  OH YEAH.  We were in heaven.  I think we have been there once a week ever since.  Highly recommended!  A +++
Truly don't appreciate the pathetic TEASE they have by naming this place with initials, yet refusing to tell us what they actually mean.  If there isn't a clear meaning, then you're lame for having a name like this.  Please, drop the act.They don't brew their own beers as of now.  They're contracted out by someone else (Grand Canyon I think, which doesn't have a good reputation for award winning beers).Large tap selection, but sadly it is heavily skewed heavily towards Arizona beers which are not exactly highly rated, nor sought after by those really into great craft beer.  Luckily they still have some of the better regional beers from California & Colorado (among others) on tap as well.Food is extremely high in price, excluding happy hour.  Maybe they'll do better than the failed German places in this location before it.
3 stars is being generous.Went to Tesoro tonight with my husband and two teenagers based on the glowing yelp reviews.  It is a very small restaurant, 9 - 10 tables with a small waiting area out in front, facing the strip mall parking lot.  We had a reservation for 7:30.  Arrived on time and were apologetically told that our table was not yet ready.   Had to wait out front for 20 minutes shivering.After we were seated, drink, wine, and appetizer orders taken, we relaxed and began to settle in.  Problem was, it is a very loud room. Conversation was a challenge.  Looking around, we realized that we were the youngest table in the room.  Average age appeared to be 60+ years old. Oh, well, young and hip it is not.  Hopefully the food is good. Bruschetta and antipasto were tasty.  For entrees, we ordered the homemade Fettuccine Bolognese, Spaghetti al Pomodoro, the Chicken Saltimbocca and a special, Farfalle with shrimp and asparagus.  Flavors were good, not great, but none of the pasta was homemade.  Very much a disappointment.On the upside, service was very attentive and friendly.  Unfortunately, food is only mediocre, and the strip mall location is a definite detraction in size and ambiance.  Would I return again?  No.
AWESOME!!! I love this place! I am from Seattle and I've been struggling to find a good pho restaurant since moving out here. Khai Hoan reminds me of some of the restaurants I used to go to back home.  I love hole-in-the-wall family restaurants like this one. No fuss, no frills. Just good food and fast service.We were greeted, seated, ordered and got our appetizer in 10 minutes. Food was delicious!!! Definitely go here!
It's cute. It's homey. However...You close at 6pm on a Wednesday night +You were going to charge me 50 cents to process my debit card=I left with one drink and won't be backToo bad too since my best friend lives around the corner. We would have lived here ...
Neat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This place is like a trip to a non-petting zoo and aquarium and aviary while you dine on fairly decent Mexican food.  I was here for a late brunch and didn't wait at all.  I was near a window that right on the pond, and just about every turtle in the pond crawled out to come on over and see what the Rock was cooking and how I was enjoying it... no joke, see pic!The ducks and geese were very active in the lagoon, showing off for all the diners, and it thrilled the kids to pieces.  The guacamole is decent and the 3 types of salsa you're given were all good in their own ways.  If anything, swing in here for the atmosphere.  I bet its awesome at night.
Looking for something refreshing to escape this crazy AZ heat? Rita's may be your answer!  I stopped by yesterday with Lindsey F, and was pleasantly surprised by all of the unique flavors of ice and custard to choose from: Swedish Fish? Check! (and it tastes exactly like the candy).  Lemonade, Cherry, Mango? Check, Check, Check!  I ended up taking home a quart of half lemonade and half cherry.  My husband and I dug into it last night.Next time I'll have to try the custard... or perhaps the Sour Patch Kid flavor that is coming out this week!  Mmmm!
Went here for brunch this morning (Sunday) and there were a few things that diminished the experience for me:* You claim New Mexican grub and then you charge for chips and salsa or sopapillas which are standard complements to any New Mexican restaurant meal.* At $3, the coffee is  a rip off! Seriously? We're not talking cappuccino, people and you're selling build-your-own Bloody Marys for the same price!* The carne adovada was tender but not very spicy.That said:* The green salsa was really good.* I'm so desperate for carne adovada, I'll settle. (besides, $9 is more than a fair price for 3 eggs, black beans and carne adovada in a bowl on a flour tortilla - even if it was more beans than pork.)* There are several options for $5; and, if they are all like the eggs benedict, they are generous portions.* The patio is nice and the bar area feels like a neighborhood pub (not a cave, but that's not got to be a bad thing!)
3.5 stars for me.  My first thought upon walking in was "wow, it's small."  Not a bad thing necessarily.  Could be a good thing in fact.I ordered a "Blushing Lady" cocktail (gin, Citronage, lemon juice, simple syrup, and a splash of sloe gin).  I'm pretty sure it was served in a dribble glass because I seemed to have difficulty actually consuming it.  But what I did have was perfect for me, and I would like another.I also opted for the special that evening which was a tenderloin sandwich with poblano, swiss, watercress, and charred onion.  While the poblano and onion sold me on it, I didn't quite get the swiss and watercress.  It was good, but could have been better with another cheese IMHO.  Also tried the herbed fries (delicious) and the mac 'n cheese (not as delicious).  The mac 'n cheese was good, but lacked the gooey cheesiness I crave.  We finished with warm doughnuts and salted butterscotch.  Doughnuts were fantastic, and it's hard not to like the butterscotch, but the "salted" part was missing.  A touch more please.I had kinda forgotten about The Grind, but now that I'm reminded of it, it's worth a second visit.
Where do I begin? Let's start with the server who literally yelled everything he asked or said to us. Oh, and then he rammed a chair into my leg and was just not very concerned about our experience overall.Let's move on to the cheese crisp, which had plenty of grease cascading off the pieces, and virtually no "crisp." Did you put some cheese on a tortilla and microwave it? 'Cause I could have done that at home.Both drinks were quite tasty- my tea was strong like I like it, but not bitter. Hubby's lemonade was very good, but he drank it so fast I didn't get a chance to steal many sips.Let's discuss the entrees, shall we? Hubby's carne adovada chimi was decent, better than my carnitas. In fact, MY carnitas is better. (I keep aiming for Chef Hector's at Sam's...) Yes, the pork was very tender, but the salt was -shall I put it nicely?- aggressive. Sam Kinneson aggressive. The "tortilla" was an inedible science experiment. Thick and doughy, and made even more appetizing by the charred side, it reminded me of the salt play dough we all made as kids, formed into a pancake. Truly nasty.As for the legendary salsas, Hubby found the green to be tasty, but he did not care for the flavor of the red. Neither was especially fiery to him either. Riding on reputation, are we?
I've been here for dinner and the food was pretty tasty. The mixed grill platter is a definite recommendation, and the chicken biryani was full of flavor. The only downside was that the naan was just ok. Not straight out of a tandoor like naans should be.Their weekend brunch was decent but kind of disappointing. The chicken tikkas were kind of bland and there were no fresh puris to go along with the channa and halwa. But all in all, a good tasty experience and definitely one of the better IndoPak restaurants in the Valley.
RnR strikes me as a casual, urban place to meet up for drinks and a bite to eat. It's not what comes to mind when I think old town Scottsdale, but places like this popping up are helping to change my mind about the area. Unfortunately after I was finished I was reminded that it's still old town when I walked by a pan flute band on Main St.The old town parking corral is directly behind RnR, you can get to it from the alley next to RnR or off of 2nd Street.The space has a refreshing, industrial feel. I was impressed by the thought put into the seating options. Inside mostly features traditional high top tables for four, but I noticed they had a table near the bar that could seat at least 12. The downstairs patio features another bar, and both table and lounge chair seating. The upstairs patio has the best date seating, lots of tables for two.There was a lot of staff working during my visit. The host was friendly, and my waiter was attentive. My water was never empty and I got my sandwich in under 10 minutes. If anything they were a little too eager to please. I was both impressed and bemused when my waiter refilled my water glass, apparently noticed my ice had mostly melted, then returned with a scoop of ice to add to my cup.I just got a grilled cheese (which includes tomato and bacon) on my visit, I had dinner plans later but I was interested in feeling this place out. I really enjoyed it. The bread is cut pretty thick, which made me a little nervous. But it had a wonderful texture, and after a few bites I decided it worked for me and didn't overpower the delicious sharp cheddar and bacon like I expected.I look forward to returning to try other meals, and to sample what the bar has to offer. I understand RnR will have both late night hours and breakfast service. This is a great place to visit any time of day, but I'm excited about having a new, good place I can frequent after (or during) a night out.
I was so excited to try these cupcakes, but I've got to say I was pretty disappointed, especially after waiting in quite a long line. I am a cupcake fiend, but they were not nearly as good as I thought they would be. I got 7 different flavors and I didn't think they were very sweet and, cake wise, they all kind of tasted the same. The frosting wasn't all that great either. My mother and kids tried them too, and didn't think they were all that great. Don't get me wrong, they weren't awful, but I'd never go back. I tried them and now I'm done. I'd rather save my money (and my time) and bake my own cupcakes.
If only they had a place like Tryst Cafe back in California! The first and only problem I had with the place was the fact that I wanted nearly everything on the menu. They have amazing specials, and while the Monte Cristo breakfast sandwich and glazed-walnut French toast looked amazing, I was hungry and opted for the Hawaiian breakfast.The food came pretty quickly and was warm. We didn't order any drinks because the fresh-squeezed one's are so expensive it's actually cheaper to buy one of their smoothies. The hawaain special- composed of 2 fried eggs, shredded Kalua Pork, cabbage and rice- was tasty, but a little bland. They gave my brother and I (we ordered the same thing) some soy sauce, but I would have preferred a nice dollop of ketchup instead of the sodium infested kikkoman. Other than that, the dish was delicious. They fried the eggs perfectly, the runny yolk making the rice and pork taste even better! I usually only like my eggs over-hard, so it was a pleasant surprise.My mom opted for the healthy option, getting the yogurt parfait. In my opinion, this was the disappointment of the table. My mom claimed that she loved it and that it tasted like Beijing's yogurt. My mom must have some really refined tastebuds because all I tastes was some store bought low-fat vanilla. The granola was good and the berries fresh and few. What can you expect for $5? In my opinion, a little better than that. My dad, opting for the unhealthy option got the huevos rancheros. He ate it so quickly I didn't get a taste, so I can only assume it was tasty.Overall? Great choices, great venue, and good food.
This place is usually packed late after coming back from Dos Gringos or whatever since it's right around the corner. There's a reason for this, their pizza is good. Big, wide slices... in fact their slices are double what you'd normally get anywhere else. Thin crust, chewey crust, great sauce flavor.  If you do get pizza here, order it by the whole pie. You won't be disappointed. I only will order a meat slice if I know it just came out of the oven. Personal preference and this is for any pizza by the slice joint.When I was there Monday night, the owner was singing softly. It reminded me of my mom when I was a little kid and how she used to sing to me............ i told him to sing more. I'm kidding, it was a woman singing.....so I'm not knocking this place, just pizza by the slice places in general.
From the get-go we liked this place.  The fried dumplings were wonderful and crispy on one side and lovely and soft on the other and the dumpling sauce was amazing and just spicy enough.  My husband refused to let it go and finished it over the course of our meal!On this, our first trip, we had Tangerine Beef and the Crispy duck.  The tangerine beef sauce was sweet and a bit tangy with a touch of spice and the beef was crispy and very tasty.  The duck was amazing.  The tastes were multilayered and well balanced and the crispy coating was salty and peppery and almost buttery under it all.  Together it created a very complex savory and sweet dish with a kick of spice at the tail end.  The flavors in the duck were very reminiscent of Cantonese food in Shanghai...this is the first time I can say this about a restaurant in the states that isn't located in a Chinatown. The wait staff was friendly and very helpful, welcoming us back and giving information on some local Asian markets as we left.  I highly recommend this place!
5 BIG STARSFor service and quality of meal, restaurants really don't get any better than this. Multiple servers, dressed in NY black are constantly there for you.This restaurant prides itself in using local products & blending them into traditional meals, ala Alice Waters, and they do an excellent job.For starters, we had (are you ready?):-"Macerated Local Vine Ripened Heirloom Tomatoes, Fossil Creek Goat Cheese & Mascarpone Tart," including Buckwheat & Saguaro Seed Tart, Basil foamed from the garden, Black Ice, and Gila River Olive Oil; and-"Pan Flashed White & Green Asparagus with Chanterelles & Cholla Buds," including Chanterelle Mushroom Fondue, Desert Quail Egg (sunny side up), Red Currents and Aged Sherry.And that was just the beginning! For dinner we had:-"Veal Ribeye Rubbed with Sandalwood, Dry Mole & Green Chile Sand," including Mesquite Cooked Desert Fruit Chutney, Truffle Frites, and Rutabaga Cobbler; and-"Local Pecan Crusted Colorado Lamb with Native Seeds SEARCH Mole," including Pastry Tapenade of Fennel, QC Olives, Eggplant, Wild Mushrooms, Heirloom Tomatoes & Iitoi Onions.Everything was exquisite!This meal was to die for!Any complaints at all? Well, yes, but very minor. This place is actually in a Sheraton, but I guess that insures a good stream of patrons that can afford such meals.And the decor? Not very good. It needs a serious MAKEOVER.  Wall-hangings, window treatments & carpeting aren't much.So there you are...
I am definitely quite shocked at some of these reviews. I disagree with the lack of flavor, and the tasteless dishes some reviewers experienced while eating here. I recently moved over to the N. Phoenix area, and while craving some Vietnamese food a few months back, I decided to  browse "Yelp" to find it. I came across these reviews, and decided to check it out regardless of the poor comments of this establishment. I phoned in my order without looking at a menu,  ( Chicken Pho, Egg Rolls,& Spring Rolls) nor  knowing where they were even located, I eventually found it in the little nook of the Fry's shopping center. I walked in to a very tiny little restaurant  with a cute little man standing at the cash register holding my wonderfully smelling  food in hand. When I got home, I realized that he had forgotten to add the Noodles (which obviously is the  biggest part of this dish) I was a little miffed but eventually got over it, once I tried the appetizers we ordered,and the wonderful flavor of our pho. I knew it was such a harmless mistake so I didn't hold it against them. After consuming our wonderful and inexpensive meal I came to the realization that THIS is my new Fav Vietnamese spot in the N Phoenix area.. I've eaten their at least 5 times since I found this place in Jan. That says something in my mind!! In my opinion they  beat Pho Bang, and Avina HANDS DOWN!!  It's clean, inexpensive, flavorful, and definitely NOT tasteless.. A definite treat if you ask me. Speaking of which I think I'll order some now :o)
FEZ for brunch on Saturday with a bunch of girlfriends was one of the highlights of my weekend. Several of us ordered the FEZ Fritatta and it was perfectly cooked with tasty toppings and the best bacon on the side. I also sampled the sweet potato fries and they were even better than anticipated--a standout.Plates looked pretty. C'mon, that's important! Presentation, people. Service was superb.Hadn't been to FEZ in a while and forgot how delicious it is! Let's go to FEZ more often, girls!
SAKE    *Japanese alcoholic beverage made from fermented rice; usually served hot .( Full disclosure : I don't like sake)Parents in Scottsdale for a first look at the new house / neighborhood. We were on the horns of a dilemma : ? Would a mid week , early season dinner at the club be too quiet? Should we  descend south of  the Frank Loyd Wright  into south - north Scottsdale....??We opted for the safe bet - booked a car and headed south to the Ocean Club.** A) never drink and drive in Scottsdale ( or anywhere else for that matter)**B) if you're a foreigner - never- ever drink and drive in Scottsdale**C) A + B refer to you Nikolai Khabibulin (( A nod of support to the YELP community . After perusing the Ocean Club reviews retrospectively I believe the correlation existing between the posted notes and reality to be around 0.90 Well Done!!( I would go as high as a correlation of 0.95 if high and low marks were thrown out ( similar to olympic skating or gymnastics)))We arrived at the club---- a good bar crowd ( not quite as Mountain lioness(y) as i had expected (? hoped?) -- ? mid week perhaps...?,a good blend of hipsters , hobos and Mrs Lovey Howell III's ( score +1 for the Ocean Club)We were promptly seated - at a good table - well positioned , near the back and partially curtained - nice.( score + 1 for the Ocean Club)The waiter then promptly arrived to take our drink orders:Now - I don't like Sake ( see note above) - but on occasion - I like to fancy myself as the kind of guy who may indeed like Sake- hence , I order a Grey Goose Sake Martini -" I have no Sake" the waiter announces sadly.Now - this is tricky - can I in good conscience penalize the establishment for not having a beverage that I really don't like or want in the first place?Too bad for you Ocean Club 'cause yes I can.( score -1 for the Ocean Club)The drinks arrive - I have opted for Grey Goose sans Sakeand yes -sweet Jesus  they are huge ( see prior posts).( score + 1 for the Ocean Club)The waiter then arrives to review the menu and describe the specials-This he does without note , blackboard , evening card or inked cheat note on his wrist-He recites for what seems to be forever...It is like a reading from the old testament - but instead of a mere chapter of the book of Leviticus - he recites the entire book....I am captivated ....( or is it the Grey Goose)?? does he really know the name of the Italian girl who dug this evenings truffles up in Piedmont...???? does he really know the glove size of the Japanese ranch worker who massaged the Wagyu beef and from which prefecture he hailed...??( if so - why didn't he have him send me some Sake....??)at any rate - I am entertained( score + 1 for the Ocean Club)The food arrives - the portions are huge and the flavors sublime.( at this point in the evening my memory fades into Grey Goose and Châteauneuf-du-Pape...... is that Joan Rivers - across the bar making eyes at me....?? ) ( score + 1 for the Ocean Club)dessert arrives, sated ,  - we cannot really eat any more but I remember thinking that the desserts may be the best I have tried outside Europe-( score + 1 for the Ocean Club)                                                    * * * * *Adding it all up five stars and a promise to find a way to post six stars next time I am there if they find me some gosh darn Sake!!
What a find.  In a strip mall nestled between a bank, clothing stores and overnight shipping is Giuseppe's.  A family owned and run establishment where byob is the way to go.  This reminds me of countless small mom and pop's back in The City.  The staff is friendly, the portions sizable and the check small to medium.  In fact, I can't believe I haven't reviewed this restaurant before.  Whether on a date, or with the family, I've never had a bad experience in the dozens of times I've been there.  From the veal parmagian (sp?) to the eggplant, from the fettucine to the spaghetti and meatbeals... mama mia.  It is a small venue, with very limited outdoors seating during good weather.  And the locals know about it, so it gets pretty packed Thursday through Sunday.  The salads and appetizers are delicious as well... If this restaurant had been in Spinal Tap, it would get "an eleven"...
Great place for tapas! I really enjoy this restaurant for a couple reasons. 1 being that they change the menu constantly and 2 being that each item on the menu is always good. Some are better than others, but the worst thing on their menu is good.I love going with 2 or 3 other people so we can order a variety of things and I can try new and different kinds of food. Sol Y Sombra is always a nice change of pace from other Scottsdale eateries. Nice cocktail and wine list also.
I had a great time at The Roosevelt. The lovely duo of Megan and Gretel took care of me with good food and drink and everybody I met there was really quite friendly. I liked the almost too many choices of beers on tap, including the current rotating pick: Summer Solstice from Anderson Valley. (I'm told that brew isn't widely available on tap in the phoenix area.)everybody say it together now: get the pretzel. but be careful it is piping hot, you may want to ask for a knife and fork if you want to eat it immediately. my entire life I've never had a tomato soup I liked until I had their grilled cheese and tomato soup. the soup was great! but the cheese sandwich could have been better.one thing to be aware of is they serve mostly beer and wine, with a ginger ale and a root beer. oh, and water. so don't ask for a martini, cola, or other bar favorite.
07/25/11I have a new crush... and it's Christopher's Restaurant's pizza!  I've been holding onto a restaurant.com gift certificate I'd purchased to use at Crush Lounge for a long time now and decided it was time to use it.  I arrived w/ high expectations, of both the ambience and the food, and I wasn't disappointed... much.  The service was a bit spotty at times- we were immediately greeted when we entered and were seated quickly, but the wait that came after water delivery was a bit long at a time when there were no other guests seated around us.  (Perhaps there were other guests seated elsewhere, but they weren't seated at the lounge, at the food bar, nor outside... Indeed, it seemed like were were the only ones in the room, besides the cooks at the open kitchen area, the servers, and the bartenders.)  Bread was delivered, but we were each given only one one-inch slice of a baguette.  How strange, especially when the butter cup held enough butter to spread over a whole loaf!  Whatever...  Two of the three dinner specials were relayed to us, w/ the promise of coming back to tell me about the scallop dish, but when our server finally came back ten or so minutes later, he asked if we were ready to order, so I had to remind him about the scallop entree... What was in it, and how was it prepared, and how much?  Hmmm, maybe he was ready to go home...Came in w/ Mom, so we had to try the calamari.  I also chose the Duck confit, goat cheese, and fig pizza.  For dessert, we had the profiteroles.  I really liked the calamari's coating-- lightly battered and fried golden-brown.  My fave pieces of the squid are also my Mom's fave, the tentacles, so these were soon finished.  At least half of the remaining pieces, the sliced bodies, were undercooked-- poor value for the $12 menu price tag (and I was charged $13 on the ticket).  The pizza* was TERRIFIC!  Loved the semolina thin crust, and the duck confit gave the entree a great smoky flavor-- I thought perhaps there were lardons included in this dish too, but all the smokiness came from the duck.  Mmmm.... The goat cheese was very creamy, and there were lovely chopped figs all over the place-- I'd order this pizza again in a heartbeat!  The profiteroles were fantastic, as well.  Three sliced choux pastry rounds, filled w/ dark chocolate sorbet, vanilla, and chocolate ice cream, sat on a pretty display made of chocolate ganache and creme anglaise, whole blackberries and blueberries, and a sliced strawberry.  More ganache was poured over the top of one profiterole upon presentation.  I asked if I could have more ganache, and our server quickly obliged-- thank you!!  We loved the crisped flakiness of the pastry (so perfect!), and out of the three flavors, we liked the fudgy dark chocolate sorbet the most.  I tell you, if I could've licked the plate clean, I would have.  :)  Excellent dessert-- I totally recommend!(*Pizza reheats well!  Still lovely in flavor and just as crispy as it was when it was first delivered.  Can't wait to go back and try the other varieties!  Happy hour UYE, anyone?)
Not exactly what I expected ..................I liked it. I was thinking some sprawling ranch house with wood floors and saw dust everywhere, maybe some old west artifacts on the walls and grumpy old waitresses. What I got was a cool little funky building, with cool interior and neat things on the walls. More of a sports bar atmosphere with a good sized dining area. Killer staff and great food. I had a burger, I believe flat grilled, cooked medium rare and I could tell it was good beef. They said they grind it themselves. The fries were great as they are a fresh cut type. The beans were different. They were a lighter vinegary type of bean with onion and bacon. I liked them but could not eat the whole pot that came out. It ended up being a little expensive. 9 for the burger and Fries, 2.50 for the drink and 1.50 for the beans. Tax and tip it was an 18 dollar lunch.
Dinner for four at the soft opening.The food kept us talking about the tastes and combinations far into the night.Small/shared plates will fill you up quickly.  The Hamachi Crudo was a fresh, light starter with peppers, fennel and sea beans to fire up your appetite! Grilled asparagus and a delicate, cheesy risotto were great sides but the smoked beef rib was a taste sensation.  Sweet and savory, smoky and succulent, sticky and sumptuous! Bleu cheese grits and grilled peaches were the perfect pairing.  ahhhh, sigh.  I think I'd pass up the tater tots and save room for something else.  This restaurant is just what Phoenix needs.  Close to the ball parks or walk off your dinner in an invigorated downtown, Blue Hound Kitchen is a great addition to the energy.
I met my cousin here for lunch, and we were really happy with the meal.  The place is a less than impressive on the interior, dingy booths, long and narrow.  It's terribly crowded up by the counter, not a lot of room to order and pick up your food.I do question how a place can call itself "Los Taquitos" and then not have taquitos on the menu, but I went for the flautas instead.  They were good, but what set the meal apart were the beans.  The most flavorful beans I have ever had.  If you told me these were magical beans, I would have believed it, but I wouldn't have stopped eating them to plant one and see.Service was quick and friendly and there was plenty of seating, even during the lunch rush.  Looked like a lot of people get orders to go.  I'd like to go back and try a few other items on their menu, if they come with beans of course.
I frequent this location before work quite a bit since I start work right around the normal dinner time. Always clean, friendly, and good food. They have real silverware and "real" plastic plates! Lol.
Green....how I love thee.  Green may be vegan/vegetarian, but I certainly wouldn't claim it to be 'health' food.  Green is located in a small run down strip mall adjacent to Kore Bicycles on the NW corner of Scottsdale Road and McKellips.  It doesn't look like much from the outside and without knowing of Green you probably wouldn't do a second take upon passing it, however the food here is no less than amazing!  The decor is unique and fresh; 10-12 tables, a couch/lounge area, random artwork on the walls, painted quotes, lights hanging from the ceiling, and old painted car doors along one wall.  I've tried a random assortment of items from the menu and nothing has disappointed me...but by far my favorite is the BBQ 'Chicken' sandwich along with an appetizer of the spicy buffalo wings.  I believe the mock chicken Green uses is fungus based, Quorn perhaps (may not sound appetizing but it is freaking awesome).  I am not personally vegan, or even vegetarian for that matter but Green has me hooked.  I've 'forced' many of my meat eating friends to try Green and they have all become believers (if you could call sharing something so wonderful forcing).Great prices, great dishes, unique/fun atmosphere, and great service!!! (On one Saturday evening around 6:30 my boyfriend and I decided to pick up some Green to go, the place had a line out the door and it took about 30-45 min to get our food.  We weren't even upset about the wait, just waited patiently for our delicous order and upon arrival the server gave us two free entree tickets for our next visit and apologized.  THIS is how you keep your customers coming back for MORE!)  Love this place so much!
Impressive dinner tonight!  However, it was a packed house, and it took over an hour for my Panang Curry to arrive.  While I was a part of a large group of about 14, our particular group had 6 people.  One tablemate's entree (Ginger veggie stir-fry?) arrived at least 20 minutes before the second tablemate saw hers (Yellow Curry).  It was at least another ten minutes before the third tablemate saw his, and so on...  I was able to sample my neighbors' dishes of Spicy Catfish (battered and fried catfish topped w/ bell peppers, basil, and spicy red curry sauce) and Swimming Rama w/ pork (topped w/ peanut sauce over steamed veggies).  All three were AMAZING!  I'll definitely order the Rama and the catfish next time!!!Didi, our server, moved quickly, was efficient, and attentive, and was even helpful in suggesting alternate selections to those who had never had Thai food before.  She even warned tablemate Ericka, who'd only recently discovered peanut butter as an entree ingredient, that she'd either love or hate the Rama.  We were thankful that she rolled the dice and ordered it, anyway.I hope that the kitchen crew can work out the kinks as far as pacing goes-I hope that by next visit I can up the review back to five stars!!Ooh, do try the coconut ice cream w/ embedded grated coconut!  Not as good as Yupha's homemade coconut ice cream, but still  quite delightful :)
Remember how I said that the Trivia was the best thing about this place?  Well, they got rid of long time Triva host, Dave (who had been featured in the College Times and was the best thing about the trivia).  Without Dave's personality, this place just doesn't cut it.  Will never go here again. Bummer.
Had some time to kill before the Ultimate pleY Date Yelp event, and I'd wanted to share my love of Nobuo's Dark chocolate mousse with green tea ice cream and sugared orange peels with my happy-go-lucky cousin, who has never been here before, so we stopped by at 5:17p to find that Nobuo wouldn't open till 5:30p, so we waited outside in the comfortable patio.After watching a couple of employees add lanterns to their outdoor umbrellaed tables, I noticed the "OPEN" sign on the front door, so we entered the resto, whereupon we were greeted warmly by a male host and shown to a two-top.  I didn't like the energy in that room, so I asked if we could sit elsewhere, and he said to choose wherever we wanted to sit.  We were the first customers, so we chose a four-top, knowing we wouldn't be taking up space for very long, anyway.  Glasses of water were delivered, and soon we met our female server (whose name on the receipt reflected "Butai").  When she laid down the menus, I told her we would only be having dessert and could we see the dessert menu?  I wished we had a video of the look she gave us, a look of pure distaste, as she gathered up the dinner and beverage menus and said "We don't have dessert menus, as we only have two..." and proceeded to tell us of the mousse and the almond-orange fritters.  She walked away, and as we loudly discussed about our losing our interest in dining there, she came back with napkins and utensils and asked if we decided what we were going to have.  I decided to forgo our server's very cold treatment and asked for the mousse.  After all, I'd already finished a glass of ice-cold water and cousin's phone needed recharging...  When Butai placed our chocolate mousse http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg#rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg on the table, I wanted to send it back.  Where was the lovely bowl and presentation of the last dessert I had here?  Was she serious in presenting us with this stale-looking mousse, with cracked edges and whose green tea ice cream had ice crystals on it?  I don't know about you, but the only times I've seen crystals on ice cream is when it has slightly melted and placed back in the freezer to re-freeze.  For me, seeing crystals on ice cream is a sign that it is old...  I brought the receptacle and showed it to the male host, who assured me that all of the mousse is made daily at 4:00a and seeing cracks and bubbles in the mousse is normal, so I decided we would go ahead and try it, if for nothing else but to have something to report here.  The dessert was definitely not up to par with the pretty bowl http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ#o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ I had during our October OYE in taste and presentation, but it was OK.  The mousse was still cold and stiff, and it had a mouth-feel more of like thick chocolate ganache filling/icing on a cake- certainly not the silky-smooth chocolate decadence I knew it could be.  My cousin had to warm up to the dish, as the sound of chocolate and green tea together didn't seem like a great combo to her (I told her to trust me).  She also never enjoyed orange and chocolate together, but she liked it in this dessert.  I understand that the knowledge of having to serve only dessert instead of dinner AND dessert, which translates to a higher table bill, can be a bit of a disappointment, but why must you show your displeasure to your guests?  Butai, you were lucky that my cousin even left you the change for a tip- she didn't want to give you anything, and you certainly didn't deserve it!  When I told other Yelp friends about the sub-par service and dessert we just had, one replied she didn't enjoy the last time we had apps here (I think it was around Halloween and First Friday?) either.  Cousin and I thought it very poor taste that our server gave us that awful, condescending look after finding out we were just going to have dessert; We didn't deserve that!  I am never going to recommend Nobuo to anyone, anymore.  I even promised my Japanese friend (who lives and works overseas) I'd treat her to a dining experience here when she comes to visit.  Guess I'll have to find another place to take her...  I don't want to risk getting the same treatment from Butai, or from another server should we come back here.  Sorry, Nobuo, but I won't be returning.
I've been here a few times now and I would say it is decent, slightly overpriced Mexican food. Their regular dishes are just OK. I have had their tacos and enchiladas and prefer Arriba's (right next door) or Carlos O'briens, just down the street. There is even some mom and pop place by my apartments that equates to the quality and taste. What I like about Los Olivos is their Nachos. OMG this thing is huge. Imagine a large pizza in your head and then replace that image with the same size plate of nachos. I am not even kidding. Four or more people could munch on this. They do it exactly how I like it too, lots of cheese, tomatoes, jalapenos, sour cream, and guacamole. YUM That is what has been keeping me coming back, but after the other night I feel I am sure to find somewhere whose nachos make me just as happy. Every time I have been here, it has been dead. And last time I came at prime dinner time. Then why is the service so awful? This kid kept coming up to our table and trying to take things. We weren't even half way done with our nachos when he asked while I'm in MID BITE "are you finished with that" not only asking but reaching his hand to grab the plate! And this happened repeatedly as we tried to finish our food. I don't know if they wanted us out of there or what. And then for someone who was so "attentive" I waited for 5-10 minutes for a drink refill (make the glasses clear and it won't be so hard to tell if I need more) My friend and I left full but irritated. If I thought the quality of service was a one time thing I wouldn't even put this review up...but the fact of the matter is when you are paying for overpriced Mexican food in North Scottsdale, it isn't as if your options are slim. My advice, go next door to Arriba's. Good food and GREAT service!
It's been awhile since this place was reviewed... and probably just as long since my last visit.  In the last few months (or possibly more), this restaurant changed names (it was previously 'The Counter') and cleared out the retail boutique area to make room for more seating.Future yelper Nancie S suggested we meet for lunch here today, and I was impressed with the changes.  By no means is Chloe's Corner a high end restaurant... it's more like a retro diner with a modern feel.  It's the kind of place you order at the counter and pay for it, and then they bring your food to your table when it's ready.  It's also great for those who want to pick up something quick on the go...We both ordered the chopped salad and a side of toasted cranberry walnut bread.  It was really tasty!  You can tell they use high quality ingredients... the salad is a unique combination of field greens, turkey, bleu cheese, walnuts, and grapes with poppyseed dressing.  I would for sure order it again although the tuna melt looked pretty amazing too!  There are several other 'classic' items on the menu such as grilled cheese, tomato soup, milkshakes, etc...Even more impressive than the lunch was the fact that I found a parking spot right away at Kierland and I left without going into one single store.  I'm so proud of myself for that... any fellow shop-a-holics know how hard that can be!Although I did like this place when it was "The Counter," it looks to me like the change that Fox Restaurant Concepts made to this restaurant was a good one!
I struggled a lot on whether to give this a 3 or a 4. Honestly, I'm not happy with my decision and I'm thinking it may deserve a 3. This place is new to me, but I'm no stranger to "Mongolian BBQ" as I've been a long-time fan of YC's. Obviously I'm going to compare the two. I liked that they had fresh meat, but it was a little fatty and since they use thicker chunks as opposed to shaved and frozen, it takes longer to cook your food. They seem to stack up orders on the hot disc. It definitely lacks the flair you get when eating at YC's, but the novelty of that wears off after a few times anyway. Plus, I know it's wrong, but I prefer the frozen shaved meats to these chunks. It's just different though - I wouldn't say frozen is better, just that I prefer it. I would even go so far as to say I preferred a lot of their fixin's outside of the meat. They had a better selection of spicy powders and sauces than YC's, and this place definitely caters to the spicy food lover more. They also had better vegetables. I should also mention they have a better selection of meats including two types of beef and even shrimp and scallops. Even your choices of noodles and rice was more extensive. Come to think of it, they really beat the shit out of YC's hands down in the available food department.And taste? Well, it was delicious I must say. Of course, I assembled the dish, so if it wasn't any good I have to accept at least part of the blame if not all. If I had to compare, I'd say YC's is very reliable and good consistantly because I tend to always create roughly the same dish. GG's I could see having a much broader range of flavors and experiences. The ambiance was okay for a strip-mall restaurant. It was kinda kitschy, but charming enough and fairly comfy. They had attention to detail. I think YC's (depending on which one you go to) is a "no frills" sort of place compared to this. They were piping in some good contemporary alternative music as well... for a minute, I thought someone had lifted my ipod.Service was attentive, but odd since this is a "get your own food" kind of place... They also have menus which is strange considering you basically put your own dish together and since the server explains the process again to you in detail. I felt a bit like a child being explained something so simple and obvious, but my girlfriend had a confused look on her face, so maybe it's a good thing they do that. Regulars probably just get escorted over to the line.I think my main gripe with it was the tiny bowl they gave me for the fixin's... but then again, you aren't putting noodles or rice in there like you do at YC's - they add that as they cook it for you. So I suppose the portions are comparable. Then there's the price. A little high perhaps - maybe higher than YC's (I know they used to be 5 bucks for a lunch bowl). But you do get a lot for your money if you know how to pack the food in the bowl. So I guess I was right to give it a 4 instead of a 3... turns out I really liked it. I think this would be a real treat for someone who hasn't had Mongolian BBQ before. I consider this to be a great alternative to YC's... Impressive.
One of the most impressive spots in town. Lunch here is a luxury experience - the grounds are amazingly beautiful, and the menu surprisingly affordable. Try this for an inexpensive way to really impress a business client.For dinner they will take your shorts, though it is certainly worth it if you desire a truly memorable, elegant evening. Life is too short - try this restaurant soon!I have yet to stay here (Royal Palms hotel) - but it is definitely on my list of 1001 things to do before I expire.
This is my favorite Chipotle to go to because it's the closest one to my work. I call in orders all the time and the staff always has it ready to go. Even when I don't have a pick up order they always move quickly to get everyone through the line, which is great because when I'm hungry I want everyone out of my way!
This place is essentially a copy of the old Father's Office (www.fathersoffice.com) in Brentwood, CA.  It took me a while to get over that fact and give it a decent try.  Among the things Delux has copied from FO is the famous "Office Burger," which Delux calls the "Delux Burger."  They also bring out the fries in a shopping cart just like Father's Office.  What Delux fails to copy, however, is the quality of the food and the high-end nature of the original.  At FO, the wines changed weekly and are all incredibly rare selections.  The beers at FO also tend towards the more obscure.  Delux seems to concentrate almost exclusively on beers and does have a decent selection, but nothing you can't find elsewhere.  Wines are available, but as an afterthought, and definitely not of the quality served at FO.  For Phoenicians who never experienced the joys associated with the original Father's Office, you're missing out.  It's like being an Eric Clapton fan but not even knowing who Muddy Waters is.  But all the imitation aside, I have to say that Delux does a pretty good job with everything and they have taken the FO concept and adapted it to the PHX strip mall environment.  Food wise, everything I have tried was ok.  They did change their sweet potato fries a year or two ago because the other ones weren't "crispy" enough.  The problem is that these new crispier ones have no flavor.  When they were testing out the new fries, the manager asked me and a friend to opine and we told him the truth: We said the new ones are flavorless.  I guess we were the only ones who thought so because they went ahead with that change.  That lost them 1 star from this review.  I would rather have the soggier more flavorful ones (who knows how they make these new ones so crispy anyways?).  When I go here, it's almost always out of convenience and late at night.  Not many places of this caliber stay open until 2 am, so it's about all there is when you are in need of a late night meal in this part of town.  Their 2 star rating is based on: clearly knocking off one of my favorite places, Father's Office (minus 1 star) and for ignoring my feedback on the new crispy tasteless sweet potato fries (minus 1 star).  They also lose a star for retaining the FO prices but substituting Phoenix strip mall quality.
I still like Lux better. Cartel is very appealing, though, to those who know their coffee. The menu is not huge, but it does offer basic, good drinks. They have plenty of syrups to flavor your drinks, if that's what you're into.I like the atmosphere in there, and the bike wheel "art" is pretty interesting and unique.This place is probably really great to study in, considering the fact that I see a sea of macbook apples every time I walk in here. The employees are funny and nice. Anyway, it is definitely worth checking out.
The pupusas, yes, the pupusas are great. The loroco with cheese has become our favorite, But this past week, I strayed from our standard and tried the gallina soup with braised chicken and salad. All I can say is, "What the hell? Where has this been my whole life?" The soup is magical. Huge chunks of carrot, potato, and zucchini, with some thin noodles, and a savory broth with some mint leaves. I quickly abandoned the rest of my entree in favor of finishing the huge bowl of magic. It was the best soup I've had since coming to Phoenix 13 years ago. Good thing Hubby got sick this weekend- it gave me an excuse to go back and get some more. Being magical, you know it has serious healing properties. Here's where I learned that the Sopa de Gallina is chicken soup without the chicken meat and the Sopa de Pollo is the same thing but with the meat. Two huge Styrofoam cups to go with lemon wedges and 4 hot and fresh tortillas cost less than $6.00. I was stunned. The owner said it costs more with meat. Believe me, you won't miss it. Who knew that magic was so cheap? Hubby's fever is already down and he's feeling much better.
I have to admit: I am impressed.I have been to a few vegan-only-menu restaurants and I was... underwhelmed. Nothing against the raw food movement, but unless it is a raw-specific place, I expect more creativity. Show me what food can do, be, taste like. Don't just cut it up and toss it on a plate.Four of us came in to eat on a Saturday and the place was PACKED. A good sign, surely, AND it was a really great mix of demographics: young and old, many nationalities, singles, couples, families... we liked that it had a wide appeal.The place smelled fantastic, too, so we started perusing the menu long before we had a table to sit at. We waited about ten minutes for a table. It's a bit like a cafeteria in that you order and pay at the counter, and the food is brought to your table.While we waited we were given a bowl of the "house soup" which, basically, was warm carrot water with a piece of carrot or two and some tiny, tiny mushrooms. We all agreed that it needed more of a broth flavor (more types of veg? more mushrooms?), but it was tasty enough and definitely whet our appetites for more.The spring rolls were really good but needed more. As we removed the peanuts for my friend, I "blame" this on us... I will have to have them with the peanuts next time.The crispy rolls were spiced and savory and light and perfectly crispy. My favorite had to be the Pate Chaude. Flaky, savory with a bite from a wonderful combination of spices, and a meatiness from the mushrooms that made us think a die-hard carnivore in our lives may not miss the meat if he were to eat it. THE dish of the day, hands down.The curries were a bit bland (Save-Planet and Divine Curry Noodles). They were fine, OK, but nothing that made us think we'd come just for that. Much better elsewhere.The Gracious Spicy Noodle soup was really tasty but it needed a tad more spice. With spicy in the name, we expected more. Some stuff is pretty basic: the sushi rolls are basic veggie sushi rolls. The rainbow salad is a tasty but commonplace cabbage and carrot slaw. The fried rice was fried rice. All yummy, all fine to eat, but nothing spectacular, different, or altogether exciting. Basic isn't bad.Four stars for the surprising and amazing pate chaude and the rolls, for sure. Ideally, 3.5 stars this trip, but I rounded up for the good parts. Couldn't go five stars for two reasons: too many items were just basic and the service is slooooooooow. 20+ minutes for fried rice (that we had to ask about)? 25+ minutes for some soup? It was a crap shoot as to what was going to be delivered and when. While they were swamped when we came in, the crowd was thinning out for their afternoon down time (they close from 3p-5p). Overall, our lunch took over 2 hours, most of it waiting on dishes to come out. No bueno if you have other plans that day.So... tasty, some major standouts, some "meh, I've had this before." We *WILL* absolutely go back to give the menu more of a chance to wow us; the ones that knocked us off our feet are worth the return. (Hopefully it's delivered a little faster this time!).
Inspired by recent Talk, this rating simply must be updated.Fatburger has a QUALITY-quality that places it in a wierd limbo between other fast food burgers and places like Fuddruckers.If you are a fan of the king, either of the two clowns, or the red haired girl, then Fatburger is likely to feel too expensive and that it takes too long.However, 'you get what you pay for' and 'good things are worth waiting for'.  Freshness, a multitude of assembly choices, and overall quality are big standouts at Fatburger.  The employees at this location have always been friendly and courteous.Tuesdays: buy a combo, get another burger free!
Got together with Mike C. to go out to a Thanksgiving Buffet today.  We tried for Golden Corral down the street in Gilbert but the line was way outside, so we came up here where there was also a wait, but shorter.  It was good, as always, but there were some negatives this time:*  The soups:  There was an ordinary Corn Chowder, a weak Cream of Broccoli, & ordinary Chicken Noodle.  They should have done better than this for Thanksgiving.*  There was no cottage cheese.  (They don't always have it, but at these prices they should have some today.)*  There was turkey, but breast meat only & no dressing!*  Over at the dessert bar there was no hot fudge (& it looked not as if it had run out, but rather that they just didn't offer any today).*  There were no sundae cups.  I had to go over & get a soup bowl to make a sundae.*  There was Hot Lava Cake (or "Hot Fudge Cake" I think they call it here), but it was sorely lacking in lava!Thus, it's down to 2 Stars for this restaurant that wasn't as good as it should have been for the money.Thanksgiving Buffet $12.99/$12.49 Sr.
I finally got the chance to visit Lola on my way home from a poetry reading at the Phoenix Art Museum Last night..(Side note: If you get the chance to see Aaron Johnson read, do so.)I somehow feel the need to appologize for the lack of stars to all of you who seem to love this place. I would certainly be willing to give it another try but I was not impressed.First the music is loud, and therefore everyone talking in the place turns up the volume and as my girlfriend and I were seated across from each other at the communal table we could barely reach to share the food let alone hear each other.Why are the tables so big if the food is so small? Maybe I am a bit of a glutton, but for 8 dollars I essentially ate a mushroom for dinner...Don't get me wrong it was tasty, and I understand Tapas are appetizers, but 8 dollars? I was disapointed. I used to go to Firefly in Vegas and it was cheaper and tastier.We just wanted to try this place and move on someplace quieter, but I was really looking forward to it...We decided not to have drinks and simply share one thing so we could get to said quieter place before it got too late...I think because we ordered so little, the waitress considered us a waste as far as her tips were concerned and therefore seemed not so friendly...and those little bitty glasses of water they bring...I drank immediately and it was never refilled. I was overall not impressed by anything except a patron's sweet ass Salvador Dali Mustache. I can see the charm there and I probably will give it another shot but based on this trip 2 stars is fairer than fair.
Arrived at 4:30 and staked out our place in line for the 5pm opening.  There were quite a few people ahead of us so it was clear we would be in the second round of people.  Placed our name on the list and went next door for wine and apps.  The goat cheese crostini was excellent.  The wait staff was pleasant and kept us updated on the wait.  After an hour fifteen we were seat. Waiter was extremely pleasant.We started with the antipasto (wood roasted vegetables, Sopressata, Bite of Cheese) and then ordered 4 pizzasMargherita - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil topped with cremini mushrooms, ROSA - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ PistachiosWISEGUY - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage and salamiBIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula and added Prosciutto di Parma (favorite)Service was great and the pizza well worth the wait
This review is for the take-out window at the original Red Devil restaurant. I grew up in this neighborhood and have come here since I was a wee lass. I remember begging my mom to get out of the car so I could stand in front of the pick-up window and "help" her carry the pizza to the car. I still come here because the pizza is amazing, they always have a large cheese & wings combo on special, they make their own super-chunkily-creamy-delicious bleu cheese dressing and the guys who work at the pick-up window are super-sweet (even when it's blazing hot outside, and inside, near the ovens). Sure, you have to remember a random number they give you at a moment where you'll never be able to find a pen or something to write with in order to pick up your order (like Carolina's), but it's still my favorite pizza complete with a chewy, delicious crust. Enjoy.
I love Defalco's.  I hate Defalco's.  The food is always fresh and I'm never disappointed.  The big problem is that the service is so slow.  It's  great that they have a market for you to look around while you are waiting for your food.  I know I can get quality tasting food but I have to here when I know I'm not in a rush to be somewhere.
We love 5th and Wine and recommend it to anyone that asks, the appetizers and wine specials for Happy Hour are some of the best in town. Let's start off with the fact that every glass of wine on the wine list, that's right every glass, is just $5 during Happy Hour from 3 - 6 pm.Did someone mention appetizers? Yep, 5th has you covered there too. Ever tried Fried Pickles? Love them! But I have to admit it took some convincing to win us over... thanks Scott! The fried pickles are thinly cut, fried to perfection and served with a creamy horseradish sauce for dipping.But what 5th and Wine is really known for at Happy Hour is their Bruchetta. They have 6 types to try but may we recommend this selection of our favorites: Apple and Brie; Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella; and the Steak and Horseradish. It's a great threesome! As someone mentioned last night, the bread is not too hard, very flavorful and toasted just right.Read the entire review here... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=680
I drove by last night and noticed the sign and decided I needed to check it out. So I stopped by for a late lunch and was the only one in the place which made for some nice time to chat with the owner and her mother, who was the one whipping up the great food in the kitchen. They've only been open since February and had relied on fliers and the painted signs on the windows to attract customers. While I was there, supremely enjoying the chicken curry roti, a few other people came in because they drove by and saw the sign. I couldn't decide between the jerk chicken or the curry for my roti, so I was given samples of both. I thought the jerk chicken was a little too hot for me, but the curry still was able to clear out my sinuses. Wow - slow burn! I was told they could tone down the heat upon request. I'm not sure I'd want to ruin the experience, though. The menu looked interesting - goat curry, oxtail - along with the jerk and the curry options. I opted for the guava nectar to drink (so yummy!). This is in my neighborhood so I'll definitely be back to try some more. The atmosphere was comfortable and I was encouraged to linger longer, but I needed to get on with my day. The food and the music piped in made me feel like I took a mini-vacation. Nice.
Tradition at it's most... er.... um.... traditional. Every time i eat here i feel like i have been transported to any number of old family owned steakhouses on the North Shore of Long Island, or Brooklyn. The plush red velvet, the dark wood and button tufted leather... The place just screams STUFFY BUSINESS LUNCH. My first experience here was with a bunch of lawyer friends who were dying for meatloaf or a steak with creamed spinach... The entrance is through the kitchen. That may seem a little odd, but I'd bet it sells dinners. Who can resist the wonderful aroma. By the time you reach your table, you crave rare beef, as red as the decor. It's the kind of place where you forgo the trendy drinks and have a Scotch with a splash,or a Rob Roy before dinner. The steaks are perfectly prepared, the garlic mashed potatoes are wonderful. I love the place. It isn't cheap, and admittedly, i have never paid for my own meal there. It has always been a treat from some friend who wears a suit to work, or some more traditional back easterner who wants to share their bit of meat and potato lovers heaven.
dragged my husband here because the menu online lists a particular kind of spring roll that i love. and when we show up, the menu was TOTALLY different. this place is geared toward your typical Arizona-white crowd. it's pretty watered down Viet food, and was sorely disappointing. and expensive. boo. go across the street to Mekong if you prefer better tasting, more authentic Viet food.
We chose this place for breakfast this morning because of the wonderful reviews on yelp.  I was certain it was going to be one of my new favorite places. We entered into a brightly painted orange restaurant and stood at the hostess stand for a few minutes waiting for the hostess to finish flirting with the server and notice us.  She clearly didn't want to be there and could care less where we sat, so opted for the table in the window.  We sat and waited and waited and waited.  Tables that were sat after us already had their drinks and they were not busy.  Finally I tried to get the attention of the hostess who was standing half asleep at the hostess stand, mouth open wide, eyes half closed.  A few minutes later we finally had a server.Our server was not very friendly.  I don't even think she said good morning.  We ordered.  Tables sat after us already got their food and we finally got our drinks.  She bought out 2 cups of coffee, but I did not order coffee so I made her take that back. Our food finally arrived.  We ordered french toast which came with strawberries, bananas and a cinnamon sauce, eggs benedict with crab cakes and two orders of country potatoes. Breakfast was pretty good.  I enjoyed my crab cake and the cinnamon sauce on the french toast was a nice added touch.  The potatoes were not good, they had WAY too much pepper on them, I couldn't even eat them.  Gary ate a few of his after he drowned them in ketchup.We never saw our server again.  We got a water refilled after we finished our meal.  AND THE WAIT BEGAN.  We waited and waited and waited for our check.  Tables that were sat when we finished eating had already finished their food.  We never saw our waitress. I guess we were her only table, if not I felt bad for her other tables as well. Finally some guy brought us our check and tried to drop it off and run, I said WAIT and gave him my card and said, "If I don't give this to you now it may be 20 more minutes before we see someone again"Because I didn't look at the bill first when he brought it back I didn't notice until after I paid that they charged me $12.05 for the eggs benedict when their menu actually said $10.50.  I didn't say anything...  I just left a sad tip.We were there for OVER an hour, they had lots of empty tables, and we only saw our server once.Gary and I always over tip, because he and his family owned restaurants in the Valley for 35 years.  He has spent a lot of time being a chef and serving tables.  We know that when food comes out wrong, it's probably not the servers fault, and things happen, so we still tip well.  TODAY, I felt like we were invisible and I have no idea where our server disappeared to for the hour.  We drove by Over Easy, La Grande Orange and IHOP to try this place.  We probably will not be back... unless we decide to give it a second try on jazz night... I do love jazz.
7/07/10Don't get me wrong, I still love JFG; I just didn't care for its BBQ pulled pork sandwich and fries.  The coleslaw was good, but not so fantastic that it's worth the pain after.  I thought that the pork had too much of the cloyingly-sweet sauce.  Wasn't so sweet when paired w/ the garlic toast points.  However, if you look at the included photo, you'll see that the two pieces of bread were under the pork, and therefore completely saturated w/ sauce.  I like accompanying bread to be crispy/crusty (love that crunch!), so all I had to enjoy that afternoon w/ the pork was the part that stuck out from under all that sauced meat!  What a waste (tsk, tsk)!  The boat of fries was just a complete soggy mess.  I should've asked them to sub sweet potato fries instead, but why must I pay extra to get a perfectly crisped product?  Then again, one (wo)man's treasure is another (wo)man's trash, and vice-versa, eh?Today wasn't a great day for me w/ regards to Mr. Johnston's two restaurants (see my "recent" Coffee Shop review).  I hope my next visit to a Johnston concept yields a happier adventure!
Bizarre. My family of 5 came here for lunch one day, to see what all the hype is about - and boy did Hana fall FLAT! I personally had no expectations and Hana still missed them. Before seating us at a LARGE table (there's maybe 10 tables in this joint), this obviously inexperienced hostess first looked unsure of where she should seat us (the table for 2 or for 4?) She then proceeded to rearrange the table for 4, and moved ALL of the chairs around the table to add 1, instead of just adding it to the empty space on the end of the table.... odd.And then our waitress.... was really abrupt and ungracious about things. My sister's accompanying salad was half covered in lettuce rust - and when she showed the waitress, all she said was "so do you want it?" Uhm, no thank you, I like my food fresh, not rotten, but thanks.The sushi was pretty much the same thing covered in different sauces. Annnd they were pricey. it was kinda sorta really unbelievably ridiculous. RIDICULOUS, i tell you! Not worth it. No way. I'm quite sure that the "crab" was imitation. And the fish wasn't even that fresh. Granted, we're in the middle of a desert, but still. The one redeeming quality of this place? The ramen. Although there were about 10 noodles in it, the pork was perfectly cooked. And it would have been nice if the chef had been a little less stingy with the ramen noodles. Would I come back? Uhm.... only if I had no choice and was craving ramen. But for sushi? Save your money, go to Yen and get muuuuch better quality AND quantity.
Decided to go for Round 2 for a light dinner this time.  I found the food and service to be superior to our last experience.The husband and I shared the mini mushroom pan fry, and I see why it is their signature dish.  It was so good that I will not be sharing next time.  We also had the dungeness crab stack.  This is pricey ($20) for a small plate, but it was fabulous.  We had the cuppa' red hot chocolate to finish.  It was a to-die-for dessert.  A chocolate pot de creme (custard) with chipotle crema and a chocolate chipotle cookie.  Spicy, rich, decadent, all good things.Our server was excellent from start to finish.  This time I am confident we will return, just maybe not at lunch.
I was a little skeptical when a coworker followed our bosses recommendation of  this place for lunch last week; what does a suit know about Mexican food? Our party of 3 arrived at 1145, a tricky time for Friday lunch. We were promptly seated to a clean table and I noticed the other tables were also getting cleaned quickly. Having worked in the industry for several years, I notice this sort of stuff and appreciate a quickly bussed dining room. Most of the staff are Spanish speaking but my gringo lunch pals had no problem getting by with their Spanglish and innocent, pleading looks. I scanned the menu and quickly spotted the "home make corn tortillas" for the quesadillas. I asked the server and she confirmed that this was only for the Estilo del Rey quesadillas. I'm a sucker for anything made in house- sign me up! She also guided me away from the pork and told me to get the chicken because it was better. I love having an interaction with someone who actually knows what they're talking about, so much better than a doe-eyed or aloof server saying "everything is good". When my plate arrived, I was really impressed with the presentation. The quesadilla took up half the plate, it was drizzled with crema, sprinkled with queso fresco, fresh cilantro and diced onion. It was served with a side of shredded iceberg and some lime wedges. I'm a firm believer in meaningful condiments, so if it comes with wedges dammit I'm using all of them. I juiced the limes and went to town. The steaming hot shredded chicken was perfectly cooked, sauteed with onions, spices and dressed with just the right amount of red chili. Slight warning- this is a little spicy but I would rate it close to a Valentino or Cholula-level. Coworker #1 got the Asada plate; the meat was bland and the beans were a little too creamy for my liking.  I quickly apologized to my quesadilla for straying.  Coworker #2 is a fellow foodie and had the shrimp tacos.  She was protecting her plate like a mother bear over a cub so I knew better and thought, "next time". I've since been back and tried desperately to look at something else on the menu but the chicken quesadilla Estilo del Rey kept beckoning to me.  Soon my love, we will reunite...oh- and the suit got mad street cred...
Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants!A friend and I went to lunch there last week and it was even better than I expected after reading the other reviews.  The menu is EXTREMELY extensive.  The b-fast all day long is a plus, but I wasn't in the mood for that this time so I stuck to the lunch menu.  I ended up ordering the half sandwich and soup of the day and my friend and I split a side order of sweet potato fries.  The eggplant and roasted veggie sandwich was really good, but huge and messy!  I ended up eating a lot of bread and then eating the insides that fell out with a fork after wards.  Delicious nonetheless.  The homemade chicken noodle soup was outstanding!  It had lots of other bits of veggies that are not traditionally in the soup (red pepper, green pepper, corn, etc.) and it added to the soup quite nicely.  Did I forget to mention it's a GIGANTIC bowl of soup?  There's no little cup o' soup here - come hungry!  The fries were delicious although we didn't even need them since our meals were "Hungry Man" sized.Some side notes:1.  Parking is awful for lunch.  If you don't mind creepily stalking folks in the parking lot and possibly engaging in an altercation with another patron attempting to park, go ahead and give it the good ol' college try.2.  I ordered a water with lemon.  I received a water with no lemon.  When I asked for some lemons for my water, they brought me out a small plate with SIX (yes, I really did say six) overgrown lemon wedges.  I tried to come up with a scenario where one person would possibly have a need for one entire lemon on steroids.  I couldn't come up with one.  There is no reason for one person to be in possession of that much lemon.  Period.3.  We walked in and staff #1 seated us.  Staff #2 took our order.  Staff #3 brought our drinks and later the pile of lemons.  Staff #4 brought our meal.  Staff #5 cleared our plates.  Staff #6 brought our check.  Staff #3 took our check and brought the receipts/change back.  Did it really take 6 people to get us through a weekday lunch?  I was mostly entertained by it - it almost became a game of "who will show up next and what is their task?"  It was still a little ridiculous.4.  Being a semi-health conscious diner, I loved that they had fat free dressings, made tuna salad with low fat mayo, and just had many, many more healthy options than the average restaurant.  I appreciate places that can fix a good meal without drenching it in calories and fat.  There are plenty of places to go for that sort of meal when you're in need.  No shortage there.  It's nice to have those options beyond the standard no dressing, burger wrapped in lettuce, or vegetable medley consisting of zucchini, carrots, and cauliflower.  A big up for Taylor's.5.  For a half sandwich with soup, half of the fries, tax, and tip I paid about $16.  It's not the cheapest lunch in town, but it's worth what you pay for.  Just remember that the portions are gargantuan so no need to order a lot of extras to fill you up.I will definitely be back again.  Enjoy!
I'm from the East coast, so living in Arizona feels like living in the land that Chinese food forgot. George and Son's offers the closest thing to "Chinese" food that I have found in Arizona (yes I know this isn't real Chinese cuisine, just look at my picture). PF Changs is not Chinese food, and that is the best I have eaten before I came here. All the other Chinese food that I have found is full of MSG, and makes me sick.The restaurant is cozy and relaxing, and the staff is very attentive. The sesame chicken is very good. I recommend asking for firecracker chicken. It is not on the menu, just ask for the firecracker pork, but with chicken. It has the right kick to it. I would NOT recommend the orange peal chicken. After eating 1/2 of my plate, I wan't to swear off anything orange for a month. I guess I needed something less sweet with a more varying taste. Last time I went in, I had the three amigos, which was very good. This is shrimp, chicken, and beef in a brown sauce, poured over a hot skillet plate at your table. I would recommend any of the three I mentioned.
In my effort to live and love local, I try to show Bashas some love since they are a locally owned chain. Everything about this Bashas is just OK. The produce, inventory and service are all par but nothing stands out. I recently bought several baked goods from this Bashas for an event. I was on the hunt for sugar cookies that Santa's little elves could decorate during a shopping crawl. They didn't have any out, so I asked the lady behind the counter. She told me they had cookies in the back for a dollar a piece. This was too high for my budget so I politely declined. Then a couple minutes later, she came back and told me they were actually on sale and only $.50, so I decided to buy them. Coincidence that I said no to cookies for a $1 and then they became 50 cents, or just oversight by the employee? Who knows.... During my visit, I also purchased some donuts. I need two dozen donuts and unfortunately they don't have donuts by the dozen pre-made so I ended up making my own. While this is good because you can choose your own, I think it would also be helpful to have pre-made dozens for those in a huge hurry (like I was that day). In summary, this Bashas is just OK, but I love supporting local so I will continue to shop here!
NOCA...  wow.Have you seen the outer limits show where the chef owns a device that when placed in a small room with a single person drives the person completely insane with fear but creates a liquid extract that adds complete and utter bliss to food.  That liquid is then added to  the restaurant's soup which is revered as the best soup in the word.  Limit 1 bowl per person...?NOCA must have gotten their hands on this relic.  Honestly.  This has probably been the best dining experience of my life.   Everything was delicious on its own, all together, or when combining just a few of the items on the plate.  Walked in and our server seated us.  They brought us an amuse-bouche that had a small amount of blue cheese, chorizo, and chives.  Was delicious.  Then bread was served. After that, our Bacon and Egg was served.  This was phenomenal.  A crispy perfectly poached egg with oh so tender pork belly....mmmmMy fiance ordered the butternut squash cannelloni and I ordered the duck.  Both were amazing.  The duck was so moist and tender but not greasy at all.  We then were served cotton candy as we waiting on our 2 desserts to arrive.  We had the donuts and the de-constructed cheesecake.  I had an espresso and my fiance had the vanilla malted milk shake.All of this was amazing.  My fiance wasn't in the mood for wine, so I delved into the beer list and low and behold, 90 minute IPA from dogfish head.... NOCA, I love you.
This place has it all. Fresh food. Vintage decor. Outdoor misting system for those uncomfortabley-sweaty summer days. Plenty of scooter parking. Beautiful shade trees (watch out for scorpions!). Oh and did I mention the food?My favorite item by far has to be the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich. Tender grilled chicken breast smothered in tangy wing sauce nestled between a toasty bun that has been smeared with blue cheese and crunchy celery. It's heaven in a bite.Coupled with a serving of Sweet Potato Fries, this is a party in your mouth and every taste bud is invited. (Even that anti-social one on the back of your tongue that doesn't know how to dance.)
Pretty good mexican grub in the 480.I had two carne asada tacos and a chile rellano plate.The meat in the tacos was tender, tasty and plentiful, accompanied by chilantro, onion and hot sauce - typical ingredients but done right.The chile rellano had a flavorful red sauce, the batter was not too soggy, the chile was cooked well (not crunchy/underdone, not squishy/overcooked) and the cheese oozed out when the chile was cut into.  This dish came with the standard rice and beans, neither of which was remarkable in any way shape or form.Minus two big stars for what they consider guacamole.  It wasn't thick, it had no taste and it seemed as though this vital mexican staple was merely there as a garnish.  No bueno.  If it ain't green, thick and tasty, you better hit the drawing board.Ya feel me?
I dig this place, I really do, but the portions are small. They do make up for it  by packing a straight kick to your man or woman pleaser with zesty flavors. I didn't dig the guacamole-too much salt, but loved, loved, loved the chips that came with it. The place is quite spacious and modern with featured art on the walls. I went for dinner so the lighting was minimal giving the place a sexy, urban feel to it. The kind of lighting that makes you wonder if the people are really this good looking? Or is the lighting really just this good??? The carne asada beef tacos were divine. Really moist and succulent with just enough spice to make your taste buds tingle. Two is hardly enough, so we also tried the fish tacos and well, I could smell the fishiness from across the table which makes me a little uncomfortable. I did try it, though and it was okay. Not too fond of anything that tastes or smells too fishy. Reminds me of unsanitized, dirty, dirty girls. (Haha, had to throw in a visual for you all!)My favorite plate was the ensalada cortada. I loved all the ingredients mixed in together, especially the corn nuts. Genius idea! For drinks, I had the la sangria. Fruity, refreshing, and light tasting. It was really good, but I passed it on to my date in hopes of taking advantage of him later on. Almost worked, but when we got to the normally secluded rooftop @ the Clarendon hotel, they were hosting a social gathering of some sort with lots of people. Damn. Should've drank my sangria. Oh well...another day since I will most definitely be back for some more Gallo Blanco. I can't wait to try their breakfast menu!
My niece and I were having that conversation...where do you want to eat...I don't know where do you want to eat when we drove past the Rocket Burger corner.  I turned around to try it because of good Yelp reviews and my curiosity regarding the variety of Soda Pop.  We both got a large hot pastrami sandwich and soda pop.  The price was reasonable, the food was good and the soda pop made it a nostalgic experience.  I brought home half of my sandwich.  Just reheated it in the microwave and enjoyed it again.  I'll return to try the french dip sandwich on the menu.  P.S.  The meat and secret sauce gave the sandwich a great bite.  It blows away the 'roast beef' sandwich I had last week at Subway that looked like reconstituted meat.
Tried to eat here Friday night for the seafood buffet. We waited in line for 90 minutes before finally giving up. Would have been much sooner but the drive down there from my house is almost an hour. They have three lines, tiered based on the level of player's club card. The diamond card holders waltzed right in and the hostesses would seat from that line until it was empty before anyone from the 'lesser' lines would be seated. At the end, we stood still... didn't move an inch... for 20 minutes. So no-one from our line was seated for 20 minutes while dozens of people waltzed right through in the diamond and platinum lines. What a fucking joke. Waster my whole evening trekking down there dreaming of crab legs just to be snubbed by them.Never, EVER again.
My new favorite Mexican place in Tempe. Love their tacos. Their menu only lists them individually, but feel free to mix and match. I usually go with one camarone and one pescado. The shrimp are small, but there are lots of 'em. And the chunks of fried fish are bigger than the taco itself. Portions are generous - I'd have to skip breakfast to be able to finish more than two. Service is friendly and efficient - easy to get in and out during your lunch hour. Also a great spot for happy hour.
Totally a locals hangout.This very unpretentious wine bar is a favorite.  The owner, Darlene, has a great selection of wines from smaller labels for you to try.  If you're not sure what to get they'll help you find a bottle in your price range.  They've got the cheap stuff all the way to the $80+ range (if you feel like spending some money).You can buy a bottle at retail, open it up at their bar and enjoy it with a nosh.  Lots of smaller appetizers (cheese and crackers, etc).  Or, order by the glass/flight from their bar.Checkout their website before you go.  Or if you live in the area, subscribe to their email newsletter.  There is something different going on every day (live music, tastings, specials, etc.)
Angry Bro Bar !  Please go here if you wear size smedium affliction shirts you will love it. The bar is lame. Kid you not there was not five minutes that went by where two people didn't try and fight each other.
Reasons to Heart: Breakfast All Day, Self-Serve Coffee, Modern Hip Decor, NYT, Cholula, Inter-generational FriendlyReasons You May Dislike: BUTTER PARTY, Small Menu, Awkward Market, Bizarre Combo of Self-Serve/Service that is NOT Apparent, Kid FriendlyReasons to Be Here: Your friends you lost to baby-making Suburbs, IKEA, You are Near the I-10 and Do Not Feel like Sushi, Ace Hardware, You want B-fest after 10:30am on a Weekday, Dad Wants Burger, you Want Organic Local yogurt/parfaitFirst time here with my friend's parents, as we walked up, I noticed an antique wooden bench with multiple kinds of newspapers, including NYT, held down by an old iron and an Open sign with neon on a skateboard. Whoa. What a liberal hip person coding of an entrance if I ever saw one! Inside, a bright modern airy space with concrete floors, exposed ceiling beams, bright green walls and exposed stainless steel industrial kitchen, I was super impressed by the brightness the huge windows gave the place as well as the cutting edge furniture. The menus are charming chalkboard options that have breakfast all day, kid's menu and lunch served after 11am. All priced between $4-$11, alas there are vegetarian options but this is NOT a butter free place. In fact, it is a fucking BUTTER PARTY. So get your LacTaid if you can do it!The slightly hipster staff (the guys look like that dude who played Keats in Bright Star) are amiable at the counter but after ordering my garden veggie sammie I was dismayed to realize they had pastry cases hidden in the counter (you just basically look up the whole time then realize after swiping your debit card your other options). Also the drink menu is awkwardly displayed to the far right of the main menus (um, I would've wanted a soy latte instead of coffee...). After paying at the register, there is the bizarre scramble of figuring out what you have to get yourself.There is a large bevy cooler that has wine, beer, soda, juice, water, etc and was a very healthy selection (not a poor one at all). Awkwardly placed is the water, iced tea and coffee station where people are trying to read the menu before ordering. Most tables are four person tables with two people seating around the windows and large community tables towards the L-shaped back, along with bar/counter seating that views the cooks station. Each time I went I ended up at the same four-person table near the condiment table stocked w/catsup, Sriracha, Cholula hot sauce (oh shit). My first experience I got ginger beer and a veggie sandwich. Now, as a vegetarian for over 12 years, and a lactose-intolerant for over 5 years, my expectations were way low. Instead, I was fucking IMPRESSED. The bread ended up soggy due to the herbs mayonaisse cream dill sauce thing with incredible local roasted veggies with really good bread. OMFG. I mean seriously, I can't remember much of the meal cause my brain went somewhere spiritual. I also got the fresh fruit on the side, and a great deal with fresh berries, grapes, kiwi, etc. I managed to fit it all in my tummy (and felt def. overstuffed-I should've kept 1/2 of it). My companions had the pulled pork sandwich and killed it, the other had pancakes.Today, I woke up and I wanted breakfest. Not Essence, Gallo Blanco, Lux, Wildflower, def. NOT Harlows, I wanted fancy pants American style breakfast I hadn't had a billion times before. Located right off the I-10, it's a fast drive from Tempe, and I didn't know what to expect for a crowd around 10:30 on a Tuesday. Turns out, Tim and I were def. the median age here. Mostly older patrons, couples, families, business deals, co-workers, moms with toddlers (they have plenty of nice high-chairs, btw). I had to get the pancakes ($6) w/fruit ($1) and side of potatoes ($3) and coffee. Tim got the rotassarie chicken with grilled corn and hand cut french fries (I think under $10). Seating was easy, food came out together within 15 minutes. The pancakes were delicate, almost crepe like, with a buttermilk taste but not too cinnamony and a little dry and thin (in a good way-sops up the butter and syrup). The serving of fruit on top was a little small, but all good quality, the potatoes were home-made style with sauted onions, skins still on.  His plate was huge with a grilled corn, the fries still had the skin on, and the chicken looked great and very greasy (which he killed). We had to remember to get our own utensils, napkins, and our own drinks but the staff checked in periodically and after finishing our plates, the dirty dishes sat around for 5 minutes, I believe due to the insane lunch rush that came in! Seriously, the place exploded! I was happy Tim had bought the cookies he eyed earlier so we skidaddled after using the nice, clean bathrooms. Now, eating yummers Blondie cookie and chocolate chip cookies that are greased through the paper bag, I think I will have to ride my bike here to justify the butter party celebration!
More like 3.67 stars, rounding up to 4, but not any more than that which would bump it up to 5. Yet.Let me explain.1) Rose & Crown - The Hours. If it is really meant to be a British pub and a new asset to downtown nightlife, it needs to strongly declare A) YES! WE ARE OPEN! and B) YES! WE ARE OPEN *LATE*! When you're turned away when you excitedly show up at midnight on a Saturday because they decided to close for whatever reason, you're not going to be too excited about trying to go back the next time. What's a British pub doing closing so early? I went out of my way to go here, to experience this new bar and enjoy its offerings, and was sent packing. Meh. So I was surprised when a bunch of Yelpers decided to make it a meetup spot a few weeks later. Well, maybe this time, at 10:30, we'd be more fortunate with it staying open. And we were. Rock on.2) Rose & Crown - The Setting. I gather that the business owners are extremely limited with how much they can change with the house since it's probably a landmark with stringent regulations on how much of the interior can be changed, but since I've eaten at Circa 1900 a number of times before it vacated the premises, walking in here felt exactly the same. Sitting at the EXACT same 4-top table I ate before. The room hadn't changed one iota when it came to layout or furniture. Even the angles the tables were placed at. That was a little odd. The only main changes in the front west room were the giant visages of the Queen and good ol' Winston glaring down at you. In any case, it was kind of hard for me to make the mental transition from "this is a sit-down restaurant" to a "this is going to be your local English pub" when it comes to the indoors. Was it nice? Definitely. It's really nice inside. But pubby? No. That said, the front balcony is a really great location to hang out on, and I can imagine how great it'll be around springtime. But the balcony's more an asset of the great old house itself. 3) Rose & Crown - The offerings. Standard selection of beers, including good ol' English standbys like Newcastle and Boddingtons on tap. Food menu not too big, but I thought the fish & chips looked appetizing, so I ordered those. I was skeptical, but to my surprise, the fish was great, as was their spin on the tartar sauce. Fries were also tasty, but fries are fries, and I'm going to devour them anyway because I was crazy hungry. But all in all, thumbs up on the food.4) Rose & Crown - The service. Was kind of there but more present at the beginning and then invisible near the end when were ready to leave, thus having to go back inside, tell the bar manager what we ordered since he didn't have the bill, and then pay him instead of our server. Kind of odd.So all in all, as I said already, 3.67 stars. I'm definitely willing to go back there and be open to editing my review and increasing its star wattage, but for now, it hasn't completely won me over. Definitely has a lot of promise, with its abundance of Britpop playing and proximity to Bianco, the sporting venues, ASU, etc., but they need to work on being consistently open late before I think about making this one of my definite go-to institutions.
Gross, repulsive, appauling, disgusting, overrated, dirty, should be shut down by the CDC.  You get the jist?
This place is all about the seafood.  Don't roll up to the Fish Market expecting a cool place to hang or a hip crowd.  No problem on the crowd...lots of folks in a pretty basic seafood restaurant, chowing on the best seafood I've had in the valley so far.  The hip is not here.  Not until I showed up with my wife Audrey W to meet Kevin H and Marian H.  You could actually see the coolness spread around the restaurant when we walked in...a subtle ripple, sort of like a gentle wave at a spring training game.So I arrived in Phoenix from Boston and have high standards for seafood.  I had been craving fish & chips for awhile and decided to give Fish Market a try.  I got a combo-fish, scallops and prawns.  The batter was light and not very oily...+1.  The prawns were very tender and done to perfection..+1.  The scallops were tender, sweet and juicy...+1.  The fish was done just right as well although it was not the haddock or even cod I am accustomed to in Boston.Everyone else was pleased with their food as well.  I will be trying other seafood places in the valley but I'll keep Fish Market in mind as a standby.
Conspire is independent, open late, and yummy. Everything I look for in a coffee shop. You'll be a fan if you miss Counter Culture or Willow House.The owner makes a wonderful latte. He steams the milk perfectly, better than most baristas in Phoenix! I just wish he had brewed coffee. Sure, the espresso is good, but it is not a replacement for a thoughtful, well mixed, drip. No, I do not want an americano instead. I want a cup of coffee!
Like Red Robin, Carraba's is my go-to Italian joint that I know I wont be disappointed in.  I love their bread and the yummy oil/herbs that go with it.  I do ask for butter as well, but they always seem to bring out this frozen ball of butter.  I don't get that.The best dish they have is their Pollo Rosa Maria.  It consists of two chicken breasts, stuff with fontina cheese and covered with a huge helping of sauteed mushrooms.  Make sure to get it with fettuccine alfredo.  It's a must!... if you don't like pasta, I dont know what to tel ya.  The combo of the two is a match made in heaven.They have great salads and their own special house dressing.  Heads up on your ranch lovers.  they do not have ranch dressing.As for their deserts, Im not much of a fan until they have their quarterly creme brulet.Good food!
The food was AMAZING...The service was mediocre.The hostess ruined our entire experience.
I thought I disliked brownies, but these are damn good. In fact, every flavor is delicious. I was pleasantly surprised. Holla!
This review is for the bar only.I had a date last week and was looking for a local bar to grab drinks at. I called Cycle on Wednesday and was told they would be open until at least midnight on Friday, and the guy was very nice. Friday arrives, and I take my date there, and when we enter the bar, the bartender makes a gas face and says they are closed for the night. I told her that I called just two days earlier and she just stared at me. No attempt at fixing anything, nada. One drunken patron at the bar yelled to open the bar back up, but I was over it. Well done cycle.
"Honey I Shrunk the Lunch Specials and the Restaurant, too!" is more apropos of a name for Thai Basil. Now don't get me wrong, I like Thai Basil.  The food is decent and the interior is nice, but the tables/diners seem to be squished elbow-to-elbow New York style. Spartan, but slightly upscale, this restaurant ALWAYS seems to have a wait.  The yellow curry here is my favorite with a delicious balance of coconut, spice, carrots chicken and potatoes.  I can't ever seem to get enough, and I really mean that.  The portions here are small, and while lunch portions are expectedly small, portions elsewhere (at Chanpen Thai, for example) are larger and less expensive. Elsewhere the Thai BBQ chicken comes with 1/2 a chicken, but at Thai Basil they give you three lonely strips like cheapos!  The massaman curry and pad thai are pretty good too, but I feel they're just OK.  I've had better.Service is hit or miss here.  One thing that's consistent: they always seem to be understaffed. Once when I was dining alone (at a 4-person table) they had the nerve to ask me to move while in the middle of eating, to a 2-person table. To me, Thai Basil is style over substance.  Not impressed.  Next.