I'm a little stingy with the five star rating, but three words describe how I feel about Gallo Blanco: "F*ck yeah, Jesus!"  I eat at Gallo Blanco at least twice a week, and I think they serve the best tacos and tortas in Phoenix.  Hands down.  On this past Monday night, I went on a taco bender and ate nine tacos in a row - three cochinita pibil and six carne asada.  I really couldn't get enough of them.  And they have Negra Modelo on tap; I don't know why I ever eat anywhere else.Gallo Blanco is a Mexico City style taqueria, and based on my visits to the D.F., it succeeds in its authenticity.  But Gallo Blanco is also a pretty cool place to eat in good ole Phoenix, Arizona, U.S.A.  Good food transcends ethnic boundaries.While the tacos are delicious, Gallo Blanco is more than just tacos - a standout on their menu is the elote - a cotija cheese and paprika spiced cob of corn.  And the guac; where to start with the guac . . . whoever came up with the recipe was a culinary genius.Did I mention that Gallo Blanco is a great value, too?  Their chorizo and egg breakfast weighs in at an easy-on-the-wallet $5.00.  The tacos hover in the $2.00 price range depending on the ingredient.  Dinner for two, with drinks, can be had for a very reasonable price tag.  Even the drinks are kick ass: I had the opportunity to sample Gallo Blanco's margarita ($7.00) one Thursday evening, and then Barrio Café's "Cadillac" margarita ($12.00) the next day.  Edge: Gallo Blanco. Here's a tip: try Gallo Blanco's chilaquiles for breakfast.  Chilaquiles are best described as "breakfast nachos;" they are basically corn tortilla pieces cooked in salsa, and sprinkled with cheese, served for breakfast with eggs.  They're very popular as a breakfast in Mexico, and I think there's a good reason for that: they're damn tasty.
I used to love cooking, and when I cook, I'm actually semi-decent.  I taught myself through trial and error and a bunch of cooking shows a few years back.  And then I went to med school.  Now I rarely cook and we tend to eat out a lot.I'm not really sure why we keep going back here.  The staff is sometimes friendly, the food is sometimes good, and I could do without the wild west theme.Actually, the food, especially the dinners, are cafeteria quality: canned green beans, instant mashed potatoes, tough meat. I think they should actually serve it in one of those square plates with the dividers to make it more authentic.The breakfasts are more appetizing and really, really cheap.THAT'S IT! Bill Johnson's is cheap and easy!  We keep going back because it's fills the belly without emptying the wallet.  It's easy to get to from my house, and easy to remember because of it's kitchy-ness.
Decent place in downtown Phoenix to grab an outdoor lunch when it's not too hot. Big outdoor seating under their awning. Good selection of sandwiches and salads, but food was average. Salads were $8.50-9.00 each but came in reasonably large portions.Bottom line: Will hit the spot but don't expect to be wowed. Nice option for outdoor lunch and/or drinks.
I have to go w/ five.  I can still remember every, even the most subtle flavor, starting with the bread and oil, the Ginhound cocktail, followed by the salad (we chose the salad Pavle talked up, and we were not disappointed).  As we munched on the salad, I commented to my dining partner that we were eating a lot of grapefruit - both the Ginhound and the shaved fennel salad featured the fruit, but neither were overly bitter at all.  It was the ideal way to start the meal.We elected to carry on with the Spigarello (delicious- excellent balance of garlic and a slightly buttery taste) again per Pavle's recommendation, along with an order of the mozzarella w/ an egg over braised leeks.  This was my favorite dish (well, tied with the salad and dessert...).  The mustard breadcrumbs added a little tangy flavor along with a fantastic texture.  Finally, we decided to split the bread pudding dessert.  Made w/ chocolate/cherry bread from the Phoenician's bakery (available at the Old Town Farmer's Market in Scottsdale), it was decadent.  All in all a fantastic meal - everything was perfect.  The atmosphere, the service...  It was fantastic.  You won't regret going there.
Pinky's is a great place to stop for breakfast, or to grab a quick sandwich. The prices are good, and the service is friendly. It's the perfect place to take your really picky nephew who won't eat anything but grilled cheese or spaghetti... because they have something that he will eat.
I have ate here twice.  Very convenient location at 32nd st. and indian school.  The first time I ate here was about 1 year ago and I had the Thai wrap.  It was not very good in my opinion and had no thai flavor at all.  So I didn't go back.  Then I just went 5 days ago out of convenience to grab n go back to my office.  I ordered what is now my favorite turkey sandwich in all of Phoenix.  I'm definitely a fan.  I'm reluctant to order anything else.  There is a long wait for your food, but it's always busy, and good food takes time.  I can care less for the cookie but I'm not much of a sweet tooth.  So go to bertha's, and just get the turkey sandwich!
Any sandwich wrap special named the Paris Stilton gets extra points in my book.  It was a tough decision between the partygirl/jailbird-inspired wrap or, the Tipper and AlbaGore Tuna, the Ken and Barbie Que, and the Very Brady Clubster. Beyond the cutesie named sammies, is some decent (and healthy) lunch grub.The menu is basically just wraps, salads and rice bowls.  The digs are real cute in a boho-chic, let's-open-a-restaurant-in-an-old-house sort of way.  The wrap itself (Very Brady Clubster) was WAY better than I expected.  Typical club ingredients with sun-dried tomato mayo and cornbread stuffing (almost polenta like) that really OUTDID itself.  Highly recommend.  The bowtie farfalle pasta salad was a bit oily for my liking, but they also have chips and salsa and fruit salad as alternatives.Tons of veggie options here, as the owner here also owns Green in Scottsdale.  Tofu can be substituted on anything here.It can get crazy packed around lunchtime with downtown suits on weekdays so def. check out on Saturday if you can.  The line was about 10 peeps deep at Noon and parking was a bit scarce.  Damn Gina.
Fab happy hour.... make dinner out of it! 4 rolls , 2 salads & a lobster wonton app with a divine sauce to go with... all about $40... including a couple drinks.. Yellow tail roll was my least fav.. just had a weird taste.. and I cant do sushi with a taste that isnt fresh... umm sorry not worth it.. but everything else was right on...so I didnt send back... Waiter kind of complacent.. I hate my salads to come seconds before my other choices.. Decor I adore!
*Sigh* I can hardly believe it, but I finally ate at Pizzeria Bianco, one of America's most famous and highly rated pizzerias. After 5 different and failed attempts to try a slice of Oprah's favorite pizza, I contemplated a plan to get in by calling on behalf of a cancer stricken girl with only a month to live and one dream: To eat at Pizzeria Bianco. Instead, I took someone's advice and made sure I got there early on a Friday night. And when I say early, I mean not early enough because at 3:45pm, there were already 50 people ahead of me. Estimated wait time? 2 hours!!! And did I mention I got there at 3:45pm and his doors don't even open until 5pm? 2.5 hours later...to be exact, I was seated. Browsing through the simple menu, I decided to start with the Spiedini. The Italian Fontina cheese wrapped in Prosciutti was a little too rich for me. As for the pizzas-did you catch the plural? I decided to order all 6, yes 6 of the listed pizzas. I figured the chances of me waiting another 3 hours to get into Pizzeria Bianco were slim to none so I better order all of them and get it done! Efficiently, with the help of my BF, we finished 4.5 26" pizzas out of the 6 pizzas in one seating (the Margherita, Marinara, Rosa, Sonny Boy, Biancoverde, and Wise Guy). Told you I could throw down :) The tables beside us were either disgusted or shocked. Out of the 6, my favorite was the Marinara pizza. It stole my heart with its boastful, yet simple flavors of just 3 ingredients-tomato, garlic and oregano. The Rosa was my least favorite because of the overwhelming amount of onions. Being a meat lover, I was disappointed with the protein shakes...I mean pizzas. They were Hoover-daming and drenched with oil. Not sure if they're always like that or if it was just our order? I prefer my pizzas to be moist, not drenched. Overall, Pizzeria Bianco has amazing dough and tasty pizzas. I don't think it lives up to its hype taking into consideration the ridiculous wait time and my hunger pangs. But it IS an experience-to be able to try such a famous restaurant located in our own backyard. I'd return...as long as someone else stands in line. I've already taken one for the team.
Yay!! A Starbucks within reasonable walking distance to the office! This one is much nicer than the older one over on Adams. This Starbucks location is updated, bright and airy, and has some cool folks working in here. There's outside seating, and it's on the edge of a nice park with water works and even more outside seating.  The seating is a bit crowded, and they don't have the green stoppers out where we can grab one -- you have to ask the barista for one.  Either way, this location is great for a hot or cold drink, especially if you need a break from work or if you're walking around enjoying the nearby shopping.  This Starbucks is on the SEC of Washington St and First Avenue.  From the street, it could be easy to miss; however, if you're walking, it's beside Jimmy John's and across from Chipotle.
4 stars because ....i can always find the complete line of  Olay Regenerist  products at this location !
The sheer number of Yelp reviews had me intrigued, but my experience was that this place may be a bit over-rated. Not a dinner place in my humble opinion.  Lots of interesting bar food, and a well stocked bar, but way too dark inside.We must have been there too early 6:30 for the music others have mentioned.I think two stars sums it up fairly.
Grateful Dead, Bob Dylon, The Police, The Rolling Stones, Eric Clapton... these were the first five artists playing overhead at this Arcadia dining destination.  Totally kool and definitely my cup of tea.Oh, and the food was pretty good too... actually, I've been to Chelsea's a handful of times, and I've enjoyed the food and ambiance on each occasion.    You can't go wrong with the rotisserie chicken but tonight I went with the steak tacos and shared the swordfish tacos with Colleen C from Chicago Yelp.  No drinks for me as I was DD tonight - yes, I let the girls have their fun!  Tunes, grub, and ambiance make this place a 'go-to' whether you sit inside or out...
Olive, Ivy -- you are both gorgeous and sexy - I LOVE YOU!  Perhaps it may be lust, but how will we ever know for sure unless we spend more time together?  What I mean is, much more time.  In fact, I'd like to move in.Seriously.What a beautifully designed place, with candles and great lighting, large windows, and an absolute deliciousness IS the essence of Olive & Ivy. Featuring a great happy hour, sangria, Mediterranean / Italian fare; it's a coffee shop, bar, restaurant, and market all-in-one. So nice and complete - a perfect offering is what I say!Great wine selection, a fun & lively environment, and great food. Outside tables are especially lovely on a nice day or evening, but in the summer heat - no, no, NO.  Whether this is for a date, a small group, or a 'happy hour' with your co-workers...this place could be the object of your desire (as well).
Valentine's Day and what can be better than a wonderful night out with my beautiful wife!  We booked reservations at Fogo de Chao and were looking forward to a wonderful evening.  We arrive promptly for our reservation and were warmly greeted by a 20 minute wait standing in an overcrowded lobby.  We overheard the hostess tell another patron that Fogo was running behind because people were taking longer than expected to eat.  I guess they did not account for folks actually wanting to enjoy their meal and their conversation on Valentine's Day.  We were taken to our table and our waiters greeted us with "Man, I am tired, can't wait until by shift ends."   - Sorry for the inconvenience.  We will try not to ask too much of you. -  Well, I think he read my thoughts because we went to the salad bar and returned to find that we still did not have our drinks, including water, or forks.  We did a quick check to see in anyone else was eating with their hands as part of the cultural experience.  But, they had forks and water, so we waited.  And waited... Finally, we flagged down a meat chef who kindly gave use the equipment necessary to begin our meal.  The food was average.  The steaks were great, but the lamb was gamey and the chicken was average and a bit dry.   The rolls were beautifully prepared and had an interesting texture.  We were invited to try their dessert, but decided that we did not want to overstay our welcome.  So we politely asked for our check and waited.... We did pass the time watching the waiters flip through the bills from other customers evaluating their tips like the IRS agents checking tax returns.  To be serious for a moment, for the price of this restaurant, we expected a more classic dining experience with a professional, attentive wait staff, etc. However, it may have just been a over overcrowded since it was Valentine's Day.   Yet, that is exactly why we picked this establishment in the first place....
Rule #1 Do not go on Saturday or Sunday mornings- its insanely busy and crowded. But once again who has time to do a full breakfast during the week? Anyhow stopped by this place a few weeks ago with a good friend to have some brunch. The Fresh OJ was lovely, my friend went on some random eating binge which scared me. From omelet to toast to pancakes- Carb Deprivation possibly? I guess she really enjoyed her breakfast.I had some Florentine hash brown with grilled chicken and poached eggs (PERFECT POACHED EGGS) was quite lovely. I did have a debate between Belgian waffles- and Benedict sandwiches. Its nice if your starving in the morning and want to have a hot meal waiting for you while you chat along with your friends/family/random stranger. I've been in the mood for a Belgian waffle but I keep forgetting to go back, odd. Now I find it hard to ever go back to my college buddy IHOP, this place is more than a few steps ahead !
I give this Walgreens a thumbs up in my book for the following reasons:- they carry the basic essentials that you would expect from a Walgreens - they sell eggs, bread and milk--- all the essentials without requiring me to run into the grocery store! - And finally...they support the troops and have a consistent fundraiser going on where I can donate a dollar to items like bath needs and even popcorn to the troops oversees.
Flo's is a role model for other restaurants and this one is sure no exception. The service and the food  are consistently excellent. You can tell that the staff has been extensively trained in customer service so you leave as a happy customer. My favourite item on the menu is the shrimp pad thai.   I also like the fact that they have lunch and dinner portions.Some other reviews mention that this location will close within twelve months.  I strongly doubt it!
I believe that cupcakes are one of the best desserts available.  These miniature cakes seem easy to execute, but I've been to cupcake joints all around the world that have led me to beg to differ!I first found out about Tammie Coe from the 4410 N 40th St location review on Yelp.  It was the closest location to where I was -- and I was searching for the best cupcakes around!  After reading reviews that said the Roosevelt St location was better, I decided to try both.I had the 4410 N 40th St location cupcakes first.This Tammie Coe location has the same cupcakes as the first one -- Red Velvet, Ooey Gooey and Coconut.  I did not try the Coconut because I'm just not a fan in general.Ooey Gooey -- As opposed to the sugar crystal covered cupcake at the 40th St location, this Tammie Coe colored their frosting and gifts you with adorable design aesthetic.  I wondered why they differed, so I asked the gentleman behind the counter. He said it just depended on the day.  This Ooey Gooey was far superior to the one I tried at the 40th St location.  It was moist, sweet -- but not too sweet.  The icing was fresh, sweet with a tad of salt to add a delicious dynamic to a normally mundane cupcake combination.  I remember eating the Ooey Gooey with its chocolate cake and wondering why Tammie Coe offered so little variety.  The lack of sugar crystals made this icing much more enjoyable.  Red Velvet -- I can honestly say that this is the best Red Velvet cupcake I've found in my travels so far.  I'm continually impressed with its quality.  Again, I believe Tammie Coe uses a form of vanilla cake for this cupcake which means it's not a true Red Velvet.  And again, who cares!  This cupcake melts in your mouth.  The icing is divine.  And with this flavor combination, the sugar crystals really add a depth of flavor and textural dimension, which is far different from my experience with the 40th St Ooey Gooey.Service at this location was far superior to the 40th St location.  They offered us water before taking our cupcakes to go, which I thought was a wonderful touch.So, they gave me the BEST Red Velvet I've had in my travels.  Why didn't I give them 5 stars?My biggest complaint of this location (as well as the 40th St location) is their lack of variety.  I'd love to see them tackle something more complex or unique.  While Ooey Gooey has a cute name, it's just a black and white with fun colors.  All in all, go here and get the Red Velvet.  It is the best I've had.  Just don't be surprised if you are disappointed at everything else they have to offer (or, in this case, fail to offer).
After seeing this place reviewed on Yelp, I felt it was time to stop by and check it out.  I'm a burger loving kind of gal, and am always on the hunt for a good peice of meat.  This place definately has it going on.After finding a place to park in the garage, I wandered into Smashburger and was happy to see that it was a clean new place. Ample menu of items to choose from, with a small variety of burgers, a hot dog or two and some chicken options as well.I was torn between the BBQ burger and the All American.  I went with the All American, and boy, was it good.  Good came out quick and service was great.  Ya know what else?  They had a bunch of Yelp pens here at the register!!  This brought a smile to my face! Yippie!What I really liked about this place is the burger is juicy, and not dry or "corporate" tasting.  I didn't feel like it was to greasy either.  I found it to actually have flavor on its own as well.  Worth a stop here.I should also mention that this is review #300 for me.  Ya wanna know what else?  I hit 3000 miles on my car yesterday.  Cool, huh?  Possibly a sign, but quite cool that I am doing review #300 and hit 3000 miles on my car in the same day.  Cool.
There is a God in Phoenix and (s)he is Chinese. For the last 6 years I've been on a quest for decent Chinese food in Phoenix and come up consistently empty-handed. Diamonds answered my prayers.Everything I've ever ordered (I get take out about once a week and try to mix it up with safe faves and new diversions), has been fantastic.  Diamonds is the real deal for Chinese in Phoenix, as substantiated by the fact that every time I'm in there there's  a very healthy multi-cultural   mix of Asians, Latinos and Euros.  When you walk in and you see the bubbling tanks of fresh fish & crustaceans plus a room full of Chinese diners -- you know the place is good. The two key indicators of good Chinese IMHO are the fried rice and the lo mein.  No BS here and no fakery. No nasty dried out yellow/orange sazon goya rice with frozen peas and no Barilla scorched in oil masquerading as lo mein.  Diamonds fried rice (all kinds) is the best I've had in 30 years and all of their dishes are custom cooked to order and sered brilliantly hot. From soups to apps to main dishes, everything is fresh and delicous.The one downside (which is why I gave only 4 stars) is that when I'm craving Diamonds, I'm worse than a crack-whore jonesin a fix. I need it  NOW.  And as they prepare each meal to order the wait can sometimes be laborious.  They also have a stock answer of "20 minutes" for any order and I've placed my orders in advance and sometimes waited up to 45 minutes for the take-out to be ready.  In their defense that has been when I've gone in to pick up my take out and the place got packed and I think they prioritize those in the location over take-out orders sometimes... which stands to reason when you have a hungry table of people waiting, I guess.  The lady who works the counter is always nice while I'm waiting, offers me a seat and a glass of water, so I cant be too pissed at 'em.Face it -- we're not in NY, San Fransisco or any town with a real Chinatown, so when it comes to getting your authentic fix for Chinese in Phoenix, Diamonds is worth the wait every time!
The only thing that saved this from two stars was the baba ganoush and Gabi!  We shared a plate of the baba and hummus.  Covered with veggies and olive oil.  This was better than my actual lunch, which was a small Greek salad.  Uh...Greek????  It was romaine lettuce, a few chopped red peppers and purple onion slices with...Italian dressing.  Read: tasted just like WishBone.  Seriously.  I was disappointed, because I've read the reviews.  Maybe I just need to try other stuff.  It had a store inside, too, but I didn't have much time to check the shelves.Oh, and they pushed the lemonade BIG TIME!  Neither one of us wanted  it, but they did give us a free cup of it.  It was pretty good!I'll go again.
Crackers & Co cafe is good, but every time I go something just isn't quite fulfilling, and I can't put my finger on it. It's not that I don't enjoy the food, or the awesome chili and tortilla soup. I guess each time I go I'm not totally satiated the way I expect to be based on what I read on the menu.Now don't get me wrong, the food is good especially the salad with pears and gorgonzola. The sandwiches are always good too, but like I said I'm always left wanting in a way that eludes me. But then I just order a lemon square and I'm perfectly pleased and all is well!
Unlike Fish Tacos, there are indeed great hot dogs in Phoenix, so let me try and prove it now.  So, I had a rare day off during the week, and was craving a Franks-a lot foot long.  I was thinking about how long it has been there, and how consistently good it has been over the years. I therefore decided to bump it up from 3 to 4 stars and add a couple of pix.  I was debating Ted's but didn't feel like the drive and the hour in line wait for a hot dog!  So off to Franks-a-lot  we went.Please note how nice and fresh the poppy seed buns are and the hot fresh fries.  Everyday they have a special.  The dogs themselves are 100% Vienna beef and they have a really great taste to them.  Only open M-F 930am-300pm, which is a bummer.  It is outdoor seating only with good mister action.  If you are craving a good Chicago dog during the day and you are in the vicinity then you have to get your Franks-a-lot on!!It is right across the street from Gateway Community College....
Pizza is one of those things like hot dogs and certain other foods that some people feel they have to make sweeping claims that the style they know/prefer is the "best" and anything else is unacceptable.  It always makes me wonder why they would go to the trouble of going to a restaurant other than their "favorite" and then giving it a bad review because they didn't like it.Anyway, this review of Upper Crust Pizza isn't going to rate the pizza as "best or worst", it will simply tell you what I experienced and you can choose if you want to try it or not.We got there a little early in the evening last night and it was almost empty, not looking good.  But within an hour the place was bustling.  Let's look at some of the key things restaurants are rated on:- Service.  Could not have been better. Our server (from Jersey complete with cool accent) was awesome in every way.  Tremendous energy, personality and just a lot of fun.  Score: 5- Price.  We had a "small" pizza (which at 16" is what every other pizza place calls a "large").  It was $10.99 plus toppings (@ $1.50 each).  This would be considered a great price, BUT their special was you could buy any pizza and get any pizza free.  That came out to be probably the lowest price pizza in town!  Score: 5- Ambience.  The place is clean, funky, fun and not pretentious.  What I loved is that the bar was in a totally separate room so all the loud drunks were far away from the dining area.  There are large-screen TV's on two walls, but they didn't overwhelm the room and thankfully the sound was turned down.  The background music was classic '40s vocals played at a reasonable volume.  Score: 5- Food.  I know pizza.  I've eaten virtually every type and enjoy variety.  I usually try to order my pizza the same way on the first visit to any pizza place ... pepperoni, sausage & mushroom ... which allows me to compare "apples to apples".  If you've ever been lucky enough to eat at America's first pizzeria, Lombardi's in NYC, you will find that Upper Crust is an incredibly accurate comparison to the Gold Standard.  I found out why.  Virtually everything is hand-made on the premises ... dough, sauce, sausage, even the cheese.  Who else does that?  And that difference can be discovered with the first bite.  To my taste, it is flawless.  Our second pizza was the Upper Veggie (artichoke hearts, mushrooms, onions, basil pesto, to which we added ham). While far from being a "traditional" pizza it was awesome.  Score: 5- Beverages.  Extensive wine list paired with an equally extensive on-tap & bottled beer list.  Score: 5So there you have it, Upper Crust earns a rank of 25.  What's that?  I can't add up the individual scores?  Sigh.  Ok, have it your way.  But PLEASE don't come back with any reviews whining that their pizza isn't as good as Domino's or that it's not deep dish.  If you do, I'll whack ya one!
Incredibly low prices for the food, and the food is average - which means this is a good deal.  No complaints, no bad tastes, just rather average.  Butter crust was somewhat buttery and the 3-cheese bread had nice herbs on it as well.  Exceeded expectations for the price.  Good review is primarily because of value, in case you haven't noticed.
Great stuff!! Oscar's is a small, but very clean little place. Located in a strip mall in the Arrowhead area. The guy at the counter was very nice, which in my book is a huge plus. It's no frills either. Order at the counter and get your own drink, (plastic) silverware, condiments, etc. Sit down and they bring your food to you. Most of the fare is fried so I don't think I'll be going here every day...or every week for that matter.However, the food was great. Really good. My GF had fish tacos and fries. She said they were "excellent". The sauce they put on the tacos had a little kick to it. I had some cod and fried shrimp with a small cup of clam chowder. All were very good. Yep, I'm a fan and I'll definitely be back.
It's a diner with decent food.Nothing special, nothing bad either.  Decent service, good tasting food.  Very heavy, greasy food, but tastes great.  A little pricey, for a diner.  Breakfast for two, one coffee was $24.00 and their fruit bowl consisted of 10 pieces of honey dew and 4 grapes... pretty sucky.
Heidi...I don't know if all deli's are like this in Brooklyn, if they are I surely don't need to visit then.  Very, very dull and boring inside with no pizazz at all.  I was hoping to emulate a NYC trip by coming here, but that didn't quite happen.  The sandwich I had, the reuben with pastrami on rye bread wasn't too bad.  The meat and saurkraut were about average.  The highlight was the bread as it was very fresh and full of flavor.  At least they got something right here.Overall I may or may not come back here.  I'm sure the place serves the lunch business crowd and that's what it's good for.
Woah, this place is great!  On my first visit I walked in and was immediately greeted by 4 different "hello"'s, "welcome"'s, and smiling faces.  What a warm welcome right off the bat.It was a little hard to find, but once you find it, you will be so glad you did.  Their food is amazing!  I have been twice now and have had their pork chops, hot links, and chicken wings, all were perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, and tasted excellent!  I was a bit hesitant with the hot links, as often they come way too greasy for my taste, but these were grilled to perfection and not overly greasy.  I was very impressed.  I have also tried their dirty rice (spicy and dirty with ground beef, great!), black eyed peas, and their french fries.  The fries were just fries, but seasoned well.... everything else was spot on.  I really enjoyed their dirty rice.  I've had a lot of different types of dirty rice, and this was very unique and very tasty.Their chicken deserves its own paragraph here.  Seriously.  I order their fried chicken "not battered", so they basically season the chicken and drop it in the deep fryer.  OMFG.  I've eaten my share of fried chicken, but their chicken, by far, is better than anything I have ever eaten..... easy.  In fact, my mouth is literally watering as I type this.  Go, eat their chicken. The environment was nice... low light, dark decor, great old school tunes being spun by a dj on the 1's and 2's. Don't worry, if you don't eat wheat or gluten, just tell them and they will make sure your meal is made without, no issues here.  Very accommodating.
I go there primarily for the hot dogs.  Well, the hot dogs and the really great deals.  Long live American Consumerism!
First time I walked in, it was just to browse for Spanish ingredients.  They had a surprising variety for a tiny grocery / deli but mainly the same I already had found at AJs.  But I wasn't wow'd with the overall atmosphere... so moved on w/out a further thought.Several weeks later, this time to give the food a fair shake.  I was surprised, yes, it's good!  For under $12, we had 2 blue crab cakes (great), a side of sauteed kale and country potato salad (with fresh crunchy vegetables).  I had no expectations at all, but now I'd hit this place anytime if I was in the area.No wi-fi.
I had dinner here with my wife last night for my birthday.  I can best describe our dinning experience by using the best urban adjective I can think of...our experience at Kai was RE-DONK-U-LOUS!  The whole dining experience was like watching a ballet. Every move our waiter (Daniel) and his assistant made was well choreographed, purposeful, and symbolic. Each menu cover has a watercolor painting that is designed by local Pima elder Mike Medicine Horse Zillioux (he is also the flute player you will hear in the back ground while you eat). In addition, each menu cover design comes with a story given by our waiter. The wine list was extensive and the sommelier was very knowledgeable on the list, but the sommelier self-admitted  that  the list needed some updating since some of the wines listed were not in stock. However, no ding here from us. As the sun was sitting, Daniel (our waiter), pulled back one layer of the curtains in our room, which gave an effect of the wonderful colors of a setting sun in the entire dining room. After the sun was half way down the Estrella Mountains did Daniel pull back the final layer of the curtains and we were in such awe...FOOD:THE BEGINNING (Appetizer)We started with the Lobster Degustation. This dish was made up of three lobster dishes. The first was a buttered braised lobster tail under an avocado mousse, tear drop salsa, & lobster coral. Second lobster dish was lobster knuckles in sweet corn panna cotta with sour radishes. Third, was a lobster cobbler with mesquite meal & burnt Irish porter cheese (this one was my personal best!)THE JOURNEY (Entree):Wife had the Red Deer Venison Loin with Sage Infused Gnocchi. The venison was prepared with a spiced sweet chile & fair trade coffee rub served under a broccoli rabe puree, shaved pecorino & currant jam. Wife describes it has tender and flavorful without any of the game taste that sometimes come with venison.I had the the Grilled Tenderloin of Buffalo from the Cheyenne River Tribe. This dish was prepared under smoked corn puree, cholla buds, Merquez Sausage (chorizo) and scarlet runner bean chili, and Saguaro blossom syrup. Again, no game taste and very tender. The buffalo was cooked so well that it was like cutting into some butter. WOW! THE AFTERLIFE (Dessert):We had the Creme Brulee Meets Old World which consisted three creme brulee dishes. The first dish was an Eclair inspired creme brulee, which was a mesquite meal choux & lavender custard. Second, was ice cream sandwich inspired. It was made from two pieces of ginger snap in between a Mexican vanilla bean ice cream creme brulee. The final dish was a meringue pie creme brulee that was a masa pastry tart & meyer lemon meringue. Great dessert! It was such a wonderful experience! Every detail of our dining experience was thought out carefully. From our forks and spoons being warm to the touch when our main courses came out and to them being chilled when we received our desserts.
I have never really been a fan of public masturbation, but then again, I had never been to Geisha A Go Go's restrooms before either. Ladies, they have an osculating bidet that has front and back controls.......There was a large (and excessively rowdy) group of us in one of the private Karaoke rooms celebrating Nathan S's 35th birthday this  past Saturday and I gotta say, I had a damn blast. We sang Love Shack and Sweet Caroline and Careless Wisperer. I even did an inappropriate duet to "Like A Virgin."Oh, and those pear vodka champagne drink things?? I unknowingly sucked down 6 of them. Thanks to Georgie S for making sure it was Grey Goose. Anyway, sure I paid $54, but I was seriously having the best drunken blast and I felt like I hadn't touched a drop the next morning.So, the waitress fucking hated us, but we had a g-damned blast. A BLAST. We twirled on poles, sang horrifically at the top of our lungs and probably contracted some diseases from the booths and carpets, but whatevs, it was a blast!And P.S... I never actually used the bidet.... really... for more than a second
Very good for vegan restaurant.  Prices are a little high, $11 for a large wrap, but very big and worth it!I actually sat down and looked at the menu and thought to myself "i really feel like a burger".  I was very impressed when my wrap came and it had great flavor.  If you are in to eating healthy, definitely give this place a try!
I am reviewing after my FIRST experience at Pizzeria Bianco.I will start from the end.I'm later walking my dog after an incredible meal and think to myself "where else in the valley does the experience begin with a wait?" And I am not talking the walk up, get a buzzer, and wait. No sir, I'm talking people lining up before the doors open. Chris Bianco must love to come to work every day with a line out the door. Because the day there is no line and no wait? That will be a sad day.I'm in marketing, so naturally I think the setup is brilliant. A small, cozy place, the owner cooking who actually acknowledges you when you walk in and the feeling of honor to be a part of the "Bianco Secret Society" when you finally do get in. I stood in line for just over an hour - just enough time to chat with a few people in front of me and behind me. And although I didn't make the first seating because my party was too large (8) - when I finally did get in, it was very cool to see the people I stood with in line give me a nod and smile and say "Hey! You made it!"THE FOOD: I swear in the back of Pizzeria Bianco is some secret garden where all of the fresh ingredients come from because the quality is there. You can't find veggies with that kind of flavor anywhere. The sausages are definitely imported from Italy (I know I've been there) - so many people might not like the flavor because it's not Americanized. It's all real here folks. I studied for my venture here on yelp. Every review helped me but here is my own experience and hopefully it will help others. My grandma wanted to try this place for her birthday, so with 4 seniors and 4 others totaling 8 - I thought we would need reservations. I called for a few weeks but never seemed to get through when I called and they seemed booked for months in advance. So after reading yelp, I found out that even if you do make reservations you still wait. So unarmed with reservations, I agreed to go into battle alone and stand in line. It was a Friday, and with 7 hungry people on their way to meet me at 5, I was a bit nervous about being able to get in at all. I left work early, hopped on the light rail and stood in line at about 3:50 and was the 25th or so in line. I brought a book, but chatted most of the time anyhow - there were plenty of trees and benches and so it was very relaxing. When the doors opened at 5, they did the first seating but then everybody else in line waited to be put on the list. We were quoted 7:30. So we walked next door and grabbed wine and beer and relaxed. It wasn't 6:30 and they called us in - and there we were! IN!I ordered one of each of the pizzas on the menu. Everybody thought it would be too much food, but there was NOTHING LEFT. The pizza is not the heavy, cheesy, pizza we're used to normally - you can eat quite a bit. We started with a few salads and the antipasto. LOVED the antipasto. Salads were definitely fresh grown greens, the flavor was amazing.I could go on with much more detail, but I'll end this by saying we each had our favorite, mine was the one with Arugula on top. We all walked away talking about how amazing it was and how great we felt, after dining on pizza. That's a sign of quality ingredients.All of that said, I can appreciate many places for what they offer to their customers. I will definitely be back to Pizzeria Bianco, but can also say a good greasy slice of Slices also does the trick at times. The dining experience is all what you make of it.
I have very mixed feelings about the Arrogant Butcher. Four visits on varying occasions have each resulted in different experiences and levels of satisfaction. I love the atmosphere and the overall experience, but the lack of consistency is noticeable and I have heard similar criticisms from friends. My first trip to AB was for drinks and a snack during a break from a sporting event downtown. I went over alone (to escape) ordered a Manhattan and an appetizer. The Manhattans were perfect (who stops at one?), and the charcuterie and cheese were terrific and served with some unique accoutrements. However, it was some time before I was able to order that first drink, and in fact, almost left after waiting at the bar for quite some time without acknowledgement - and there were only about 5 other patrons nearby. Once I did get someone's attention, everything was brilliant, but I can never understand a bartender not promptly taking a drink order.My succeeding trip was very similar to the first, waited at the bar with a friend for an inordinate amount of time before finally having our drink and order of cheese and some appetizers taken. The restaurant was not particularly busy and the bar staff was sort of milling around chatting rather than trying to make money by serving the two thirsty girls in front of them. Once we had our (very well crafted) beverages in hand, everything went swimmingly. This place does a stand out job of mixology and the bartenders, while less than attentive, do know how to make a great drink. Third visit - dinner date (no worries boys, it didn't go that well): Service was wonderful in the restaurant and I wish I could recall the waiter's name. We ordered a couple appetizers again went for charcuterie and cheese. The stand out for me was the pate - then again, I am always a sucker for pate. My dinner date had a steak and I had the sweet potato tortellini, which was simply wonderful. Fourth visit - birthday party for ten. This was again a super mixed experience. The restaurant seated us in a private room in the back, which was decorated with some very cool photos of Phoenicianicana. I was a little late in arriving so the crew had already devoured several appetizers and a plethora of oysters. From what I heard the mussels were a big hit and they liked the cheese plate as much as I did. The waiter was super nice, answered questions, took our orders and kept everyone's glass full. Dinner was a bit of a mess. Two of the guys ordered steaks with the $18 crab add on for a surf and turf, one filet and one rib eye, both of which came out overcooked. One of the gals ordered the crab, and the waiter came and explained it had 'fallen apart' so they were bringing a new one. They did fix the errors, but it is ever so awkward to have part of your party finished with dinner while others are waiting on theirs to show up. I ordered the scallops and they were perfectly cooked, but I had to bite through sand in about half of them, which is just a bummer. After we'd already had so many issues I didn't want to add to the aggravation in sending something else back to the kitchen. The GM did come see us, apologized and brought out a round of deserts. In a nice effort he brought two of each of the four desserts on the menu, which we all tried out. The stand out for me was the salted caramel pudding. No one really understood the warm peanut butter gelato, which essentially tasted like peanut butter soup. We were having a good time and we did appreciate the manager and waiter's efforts to apologize and take care of the issues.The Arrogant Butcher has a pretty sweet little happy hour menu and now that my office is now less than ten minutes away, I will probably be stopping back in to check that out and am certain I will eat here again. I just wish they could regularly be as great as I know they can be.
My experience - five of us gathered for dinner around 6pm. I rate the food 3.5 / 5 and service 1.5 / 5. Please please check your final tabs because we discovered a 20% gratuity included (not mentioned by our server) because we had a party of five. After pointing out the fact that our fifth did not order a single item, the server then lied to us saying he mistakenly added it to our bill instead of another table. This dishonesty was a major red flag as there was only one other table of three ladies and one couple sitting at the sushi bar. Eddie was a very nice guy but was definitely rushed. This was confirmed as he asked for a rewards card as we closed our tab and forgot to hand it back. It was obvious he had too many tables to keep up with the demand. (Slightly) above average sushi + dishonest service = 2 stars at best. For future reference, please inform me if gratuity is going to be included in our final bill. I do not wish to say my entire experience was ruined by one individual, however, I do want to give a heads up to others and what they may face. This weekend was a very busy and important weekend to Scottsdale and the surrounding area, please maintain adequate service to prevent negative reviews from fellow patrons.
My BF and I just happened to come here for dinner during restaurant week so I was happy to see the $30 prix fix menu for appetizer, main meal, dessert and sangria or soft drink.We were seated on the patio and I loved the ambiance, the warmth, soft lighting and a guitarist who must have known every singer/songwriter song ever written. OK admit I liked him because he played Dylan and Leonard Cohen among others. I was enjoying the vibe until, as the evening grew darker, I realized we could not see our food, like, at all. A single small candle was not adequate to light our table. That really is my only complaint and I think it is repairable. It was hard to love on my food when I seriously couldn't tell what was what. So much effort clearly went into making the food, so come on, let's see it.My other comment is the serving sizes. I expected that a menu such as the restaurant week menu might have smaller servings and they definitely could have. Nearly everyone I saw leaving was taking a box with them, as we did. With full size appetizers, we only ate half of our full sized main dishes. BF had to bring his dessert home, although I pressed on to try the chocolate chile torte with the most amazing malt and coconut ice cream. Not seeing it added a kind of different taste dimension which wasn't Unpleasant but it was a bit unusual.I enjoyed all of the food but the big hits for me were the renowned pork pernil and the corn bread casserole thingy...well it's not typical cornbread but very rich and home style with chiles and other unseen bits.Will go back next time I'm in Phoenix but will likely see if we can split a meal, saving room for the excellent desserts. Last, not least, I found the texting reservations very easy and a great idea for those places that may not want to deal with Open Table.
i am begining to think they don't sell anything short of amazing.french pancakes- stellarturkey stacked sandwhich- stellarchoco pudding- beyond stellarthey even have curb side which i love when i swing by during my lunch break.  i just love this place!
One of those chain places that has some expensive landscaping.  It does overlook a man made lake.  A LAKE IN THE DESERT.If you want lakes, move.  The desert is not for you.The food here is nothing special and priced as a five star.  It's seafood for people with too much money and not enough taste.
I have not left a dining establishment as upset as I was when I left Pearl. The experience I had as absolutely horrible. I am not one to make a big deal about nothing and I, more often than not, give people the benefit of the doubt, but I can honestly say I was shocked and EXTREMELY furious after my visit. I bought a localdines certificate to go to Pearl and have been dying to try the place out. They have a great menu and it is in a fun location. The terms on the localdine clearly state that it is ONLY VALID MON-THURS. We went on Tuesday at 7pm, sat down,  I pulled out the coupon and was promptly told by the bartender "we dont accept those on tuesdays" then he walked off. Let me also clarify that while it was 7pm it was not crowded or busy. There was NO ONE else sitting at the bar with us. I waited for him to come back so I could show him that it clearly says on there that it is Valid ONLY MON-THURS. He then notified me that it was in fact NOT valid on Tues or Thurs because they have specials. I explained to him that we drove more than 30 minutes to get there and we could order off the main menu and not get any of the specials if that would be ok....He said it was out of his hands and he couldnt do anything and walked off. A female server chimed in that "there's nothing we can do to help you, its just how it is" then she also just walked away. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? Not a SINGLE person was willing to talk to us and explain things or give us 2 minutes of their time. The customer service was absolutely ridiculous. I have NEVER been treated so rudely in a situation that I clearly had a right for clarification. Today 10/5/2011 I see that Localdines is featuring Pearl with the SAME coupon that clearly states VALID ONLY MON-THURS. Needless to say, I am making it a point to write a very appropriately rude review about this place. The menu looks amazing, many people have written reviews about the great food....I however, never had a chance to try the food because I couldnt get past the servers who made us feel like we weren't worth their time. Save yourself the snotty Scottsdale attitude and go to Ra, Stingray, Sapporo or Sushi Brokers....they will not only serve you good sushi, they will also be polite.
Everything about this winebar makes me happy. The former postal location with it's huge windows and open space.It's "just off the beaten path" feel-- just a couple streets away from the main streets Camelback and Indian School, yet feels so far away. The fact that it's in Milano's mega-plaza next to LGO and other great places...it just all works for me. The wine is mostly good, although the selections could use a little more of an updating, but the prices are definitely right. Come before 5pm and all glasses of wine are only $5. Boyfriend and I have spent countless of lazy weekends lazing around this place with wine and their wonderful, orgasmic, bruschetta. The service is good and the people are friendly. The sandwiches are okay, but don't stand a chance next to the bruschetta and I wasn't a fan of the soup at all. Parking can be tough at times, but it's not impossible. Truly, a neighborhood gem not to be missed. Bruschetta favorites: -Prosciutto,fig, and marscapone (which I have successfully replicated at -home!)-Roasted pepper and goat cheese-Smoked salmon, cream cheese, caper-Salami, pesto
I am taking away some stars from my first review.... the food here is still fabulous... but the service is lacking.   I have been here 5-6 times since they have opened and for some reason the last time the service was not that great.   The music was also WAY TOO LOUD!   We asked if it could be turned down just one notch and the response " ha! I can ask, but i seriously doubt it".   My profession is ears and hearing... this place was way too loud to enjoy a conversation and our order was even messed up because the server most likely could not hear due to the loudness!  Yikes!    When all the doors and windows are closed due to the summer heat--- TURN DOWN THE MUSIC  let people enjoy each other.    The food is great... but I fear this business is getting the "people love us so we don't have to care attitude".     I am done with Postino East for a while....
Got a coupon in the mail.... after reading the Yelp reviews I had to try it.MAMMA MIA THIS IS SOME GOOD PIZZA!I'm not ordering pizza from anywhere else again.I'm an expat New Yorker and was very impressed. The crust is perfect! PERFECT. Thin. Chewy. Not soggy. Perfect. What, do they import bottles of NYC water or something? I don't know. They nailed it though.The cheese quality was excellent. The meatballs were home made and delicious. The sausage was great too. They aren't stingy on toppings, either.The coupon included salad. We ordered the Italian salad - your typical iceberg/tomato/red onion salad as you might get in NYC. I wish they added some olives and pepperoncinis, but oh well. They do get bonus points for sending good salad dressing (Ken's Itallian). They also get bonus points for sending red peppers and real parmesan. I'm excited to have finally found a decent place in Central Phoenix to order pizza from. Everywhere else I've tried has been an EPIC FAIL.
The layout of Jackrabbit is similar to the Pussycat lounge.  It is one big room with a stage in front with a bar in front of the stage.  There is a live band that comes on when a dancer comes out.  The dancers movements are wild, erotic, and violent.  There is another bar right when you come in to your right.  a small crowded patio area with several private tables.  The music was pretty good.  Drinks were the usual $8 or whatever they are at a place like this.I guess what is important is whether I would go back or not and I would say that I wouldn't frequent this place unless a bunch of my friends wanted to go there.
One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had! At $2.50 per slice of sashimi, I expected a lot better than a recently defrosted and grainy slice of tuna. Also, do not get the Lobster Roll...it tastes like shrimp tempura that costs $27. The service was also bad. The manager knew we had a large party (we made reservations) and assigned a new waitress to handle the table by herself. We got through half of the meal before getting our beers, and it took 30 min (not exaggerating) to get our bill. Would not go back.
We used to like Chompie's, and don't get me wrong the food is still okay, but this location is getting pretty long in the tooth. We stopped by yesterday on the way home from Mayo Clinic on Shea. My partner had a test scheduled for 12:30 PM and couldn't eat anything before the test. Needless to say by the time he was done at 2:00 he was very hungry and unfortunately didn't feel well after the test. I figured Chompie's would be our best bet. He has always liked their food, especially the soup and that's something we could get quickly. Despite my previous review I've always had mixed feelings about Chompie's. It's always been a little pricey, the service can be spotty, I find the employees to be somewhat negative and condescending but the food is usually good. This visit didn't reinforce any of the positive thoughts I've had about them.The server came by right away and took our drink orders and shortly thereafter took our lunch order. We both ordered Mish Mosh soup, one of our favorites and as expected it came right away and it really hit the spot.The unfortunate thing about this location is that it has become terribly rundown. The carpet in the dining area is filthy, the tabletops are worn out and in general the place smells pretty bad. Not very appetizing. C'mon Chompie'sfor the prices you charge you can afford to take a little of your profits and give this place a makeover!Next time we'll go to the location closer to home at Paradise Valley Mall.
Oh dear sweet Mango Salad! Your mix of fresh flavors refreshes me on a hot Arizona day. This SoCal girl is not used to 109 degree weather. But your air conditioned restaurant kept me cool. Although a tostada shell filled with lettuce, corn salsa, black beans, mango and guacamole sounds like a weird combination, I would eat you all over again! http://bit.ly/NXExhIYessss :D
Oh. My. God. Holy crap this was wonderful! Better than I expected by a million. The BF and I shared a salted caramel and it was perfect! The salty and the sweet together were an amazing combo and the texture was wonderful. It was even refreshing on a hot day... which I didn't think it would be. I want this again... like right now.
There's something just not right. For those Midwesterners very familiar with Culver's, well, I would rate this sub-par. It's still Culver's nonetheless and their fries are pretty much what I'm used to from back home, but I've been disappointed in the Butter Burger's the 2x I had been here. The taste just seems wrong, the patties over-cooked (maybe left under the heat lamp too long) and they got my order wrong both times. Eeek.
They use the same SKU number for several different products.  It's moronic that they would do this, because it means that something that is listed as "in stock" is actually a different product, thereby wasting your time on a trip to this store.  This was the 2nd location in the valley, and they're not doing a good job of holding up to Total Wine down the street.  They adjusted some of their prices after this, but it's rough going for them.Nice corner location and the shop is relatively clean, though lines can be too long at times.
Scottsdale needed this. I went here for happy hour on Friday night and absolutely loved it.  I was close on the heels of Cyrus M., who had left just before I pulled up. He insisted that I have the bartender make me a Manhattan, the best he claimed to have ever imbibed. I listened, and Cyrus was 100% right.  One of the bartenders also demonstrated his technique by executing a perfect Sazerac. I have to admit, I wouldn't know if it was less than perfect because there isn't another bartender in the Phoenix metro area (that I'm aware of) who would brave the task of creating such a masterpiece. At any rate, it was delicious. These guys know what they're doing. At the same time, I haven't met a more friendly, less pretentious group of bartenders in that area in a very long time, if ever.  Unfortunately, I wasn't there long enough to eat, which is why I will be returning next weekend. And I can't wait. The decor is unique and interesting. The lounge is just dark enough to be mysterious, but without being annoying. The furniture is ornate and definitely reminiscent of the bygone "speakeasy" era, complete with an entire room accessed only through a bookshelf.  It's been a while since something this distinctive has graced the Scottsdale scene. I found my new favorite bar.
Located in the Super Target shopping Center.HUGE portions!!!!!Love the Bento Box Lunch, which is like $8.25 and is a lot of food too. It includes: the selected entree, plus white rice, 3pc. Gyoza, California Rolls, Miso Soup, and Salad. It's really good too.Good food, friendly & attentive service, clean restrooms, and good location.Like someone else mentioned, I was not too crazy about the LOUD heavy metal music playing. I would had expected some softer Japanese music or soothing soundscapes, like you hear playing at spas. I felt like I was at a Night Club...oh well.I would eat here again for sure! I LOVE this place!
Your fake boobs do not make up for shitty service "sweetie." Now that's out the way, I'll try not to let it distract me from writing a subjective review. We went during around 5ish, the hipster dinner rush. It was packed, but it shouldn't take 10 minutes to take our drink order and by the time our waitress got around to us, we eagerly gave her our food order. It should be noted that during our wait, the satellite radio antennae was misaligned or something and the music feed was more broken than Cleveland Cavalier fans at the moment. It was pretty annoying. We felt like we were on Mars because no one else seem to notice. Eventually, (20 or so minutes) someone shut it off altogether. Thanks! I had the Peppercorn Burger with regular fries.  Yum.  I liked how my hands smelled...sort of like I had cooked a burger over a campfire.  I ordered my burger medium rare and it arrived as ordered, this makes me happy.  The meat was juicy so props to the great sear job by the cook.  So many places screw this up.  The toppings, I'm not sure if the watercress really adds anything other than color and the onion strings, well I guess it's an appearance thing or perhaps texture? Forgettable. The fries were ok.  Herb fries translated into minuscule specks of green stuff stuck to the fries with no taste.  They were a little greasy, but I like my fries that way.  My companions ordered the All Nighter breakfast sandwich and the chicken sandwich.  No complaints. Ok, back to our waitress with the big fake rack that expects big tips...I was still eating my burger when she decided to give her dessert plug. Really? You couldn't of waited 5 more minutes??? After I inhaled the rest of my burger, we asked her to split the check. She was visibly put off by it and had an attitude about it until we left. Shit happens, get over yourself. Unfortunately it carries over to the overall review of the place. Liked the burger, hated the service. So it looks like most of this review was more about the service. What can I say? It got in the way of the most important thing, the food.
I was very disappointed in the Fry's at 18420 North 19th Ave today while shopping. I ALWAYS go to this Fry's to get my groceries and NEVER have had problems like I had today. I went with my mother to help her get her groceries, well it is a good thing I did. While waiting in line,we noticed there was only two checkers that were open. There had to have been at least 10 people behind us in both lines. These people did not have small loads of groceries either, they were big. This poor guy behind my Mom had a small load and she let him go in front of her. She was being nice. Well they finally did open another line and a women just pushed her way in front of my Mom. I said to my Mom, how rude, the lady was out of ear shot. At any rate, when we got up to the checker, the lady who was bagging groceries just up and left, knowing full well how much groceries my mother had. The lady who was the checker could certainly not leave her post and go get someone to bag groceries. The lady who was the checker was doing her JOB. It was not her fault. So another checker was paging and paging for extra baggers and checkers. No one was listening to her page. Nobody came to help. There were other baggers on either side of us as well. Ultimately, I ended up bagging most of the groceries myself (of course my mother helped). My mother cannot lift heavy bags any more because of her heart so it is NICE when someone HELPS her bag them. I was very upset and disappointed today with the lack of customer service at Fry's. I have worked in retail before and have never treated anyone with that much disrespect in my life.
Get ready for the best experience!  Food was Delish!!  LEFTOVERS EVEN BETTER!  Love it!The best customer service I've ever dealt with.  Thank you!  I forgot the lady's name, but she was so sweet, helpful, funny and very positive.  Love her hooped ears!!  The guy cooking our order, well he was nice and super fast.  Great job guys!  You make a great team!  Everything made to order.  Fresh ingredients, the meat, the cheese, the peppers from Chicago, OH YEAH!  I also noticed that they are always cleaning the grill, which is a huge deal for good quality food.  I highly appreciate that!I had the Italian meat sandwich with mushrooms, grilled onions, provolone cheese, and peppers from Chicago.  It comes on a sub drenched in sauce.  Mmmm yummy  My husband had the bacon burger with everything on it.  He enjoyed it, and said he wanted another one.  Special sauce awesome with the fries.Go now!  Yes, I meant right NOW!
Great food!  Tried the mufaletta sandwich with ass'd italian cold cuts and an olive tapenade.  Like everything else, it was freshly made and made with care.  I generally don't like sandwiches much, but this one hit the spot.  Half of it filled me up so they wrapped the rest to take home, but the other half didn't even last until dinner. I couldn't imagine what they could do to make things better there...maybe start serving breakfast?I have, however, come to the conclusion that the folks that work there are pure evil disguised in aprons.  How else could you explain the way they ever so sweetly point out the most delectable treats to tempt you?  "Have you seen how big our rice krispie treats are?"  "There's a pound of fruit in our cobblers if you want your kids to eat more fruit"  Oh, I'm on to you!
This little place is really creepy looking, but really good. I come here often with my dad, as it is close to his work. I always get, i believe, the number 8 -chili relleno, taco, and enchilada with rice. It is always really good.... Also their chips, salsa, and guac are great. The place is never too busy *see the store front for why* but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Also, it is relatively inexpensive, especially for the size of the entrees. I would definitely go to this place all the time if I lived a little closer.
Ok so I got a salt bagel and cream cheese. The salt bagel was wayyy too salty ..I know I know its a salt bagel, but seriously it was beyond salty and I couldnt brush some of it off. Which I generally can it was like baked in or something. It was pretty good but the texture was not that of a bagel it was more like a kaiser roll shaped like a bagel. For over 3 bucks for a bagel (retarded) I think it should be like the best bagel that ever happened. I'd give it another shot because it is better than Chompies and other places Ive been but I will not have another salt bagel. I also did not check the ingredients for trans fat or shortening so that is really ruining my life right now. I will update once I find out exactly how homemade these puppies are. and then learn to live life knowing I didnt look first like I always do. but we will see.More like 2 and a half stars but im rounding up today :)
I struggled with this review, because there are several very different aspects to Chris Bianco's Italian Restaurant...Taste - Fantastic. You could drink the tomato sauce and be happy. It is some amazingly tasty stuff, and not a bite went back to the kitchen. Most of it was because of the taste, but even our really bland apple tart was entirely eaten because the...Portions - Really small. This was part of why no bite went uneaten. They definitely favor quality over quantity, and I'm usually the first person to champion that cause. I hate giant restaurant portions. But this was too far the other way.Service - Not bad, when we could get their attention. There are several community tables and sometimes different servers seemed to have different stations at the same table. And as small as the place was, it was oddly difficult to get anyones attention to place our order, get a refill, or anything else.Ambiance - Love the look and feel, from the clean/industrial ceiling to the Bianco art on the wall. It was fun to just look around the place while we waited at our table (which we did a lot of)Cost - The place isn't cheap. You get what you pay for in terms of quality, but I think they are really, really going for the high-end foodie with lots of disposable income. We left not really feeling full in spite of dropping a fairly sizable check on the table. I recommend giving it a try, especially if you are really a fan of fresh flavors. If you're looking for a really amazing overall meal at this price point, I think there are better options around.
As for "fast food" burgers, these are decent.  The BURGERS at least.The fries?  Please.  They are AWFUL.  Let them get cold and they are WORSE THAN AWFUL.Anyone who says these are "the best burgers they have ever had" has just not tried enough good burgers yet.Try Lobby's.  Or Chuckbox.  Or Hillside Spot.  Or Deluxe.  Or Roaring Fork.In-N-Out has decent "fast food" burgers.  But are they the BEST BURGERS ANYWHERE?  Not a chance.
This place is like walking into a carbonated sugary wonderland! I love soda, LOVE LOVE LOVE it! I don't care that it's bad for me, makes me gain weight, and sends me into a super crazy sugar rush, I don't think I'll ever shake the taste I have for that super sweet treat. Even though I stopped drinking it regularly years ago I still can't help myself when it comes to good quality soda (or even crap soda). I love it all. Most importantly, Pop the Soda Shop has an array of every flavor of micro brew soda you could imagine, as well as the major players. There's also quite a few selections made with cane sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup.After asking staff what his recommendation was for great root beer, he helped us by explaining the difference in taste between brands. He knew  everything about their selection and directed us to the best root beer either of us had tasted.
Is this a brewery or a Cocos?? I was so confused walking in to this place. The ambiance is horribly lacking and I could not get it off my mind.  Aside from some Nimbus posters on the wall and a piece of copper brew equipment in the corner (by the fireplace) you would have thunk this was whatever mediocre North Scottsdale restaurant lived here before. The service was very odd - our dear young waiter's only experience with beer is probably from high school parties. My beer-nerd boyfriend tried to talk to him about beer several times and was met with an "uh huh..." and a quick exit each time. This is a brewery! This is where beer-nerds are supposed to go! Oh, he was also brought the wrong beer. And it took for-ev-er to receive drinks/food/check.
I come here on Sundays for $1 drinks. The breakfast menu is okay but the portions are kind of small and not very filling. I started to order off the main menu and I am glad I did because the food here rocks. There is something for everybody here ranging from affordable sandwiches, panini's, and crepes to expensive entree's for those with more expensive taste.
It takes guts to be a steakhouse with a pink exterior, red velvet brocade wallpaper and an entrance through the kitchen. I give them five stars just for having the balls to pull that off -- and for being able to pull it off for nearly 60 years. Yes, this place is a Phoenix landmark. Anything over 20 years is considered a landmark here, so this place is actually ancient by Phoenix standards. Although I've lived in Phoenix my entire 31 (almost 32) years, I never had the pleasure to dine at Durant's until about a year ago.  I came for a work dinner and was pleased to have had a great first experience.My second experience at Durant's was for lunch. And this time, the experience was better than great, it was fantastic! I had the French Dip, which is one of my favorite sandwiches. I've tired them at many different places, and have found a few that were pretty decent.  But that was until I tried Durant's French Dip. Holy Cow!  The meat was so tender it literally melted in my mouth.  And there was plenty of it!  I seriously don't know how I managed to eat what I did.  It didn't look like that much, but man oh man, it was piled on there. And to add to the deliciousness of the French Dip, I got sweet potato fries.  Yowzer!  What a decadent meal. I needed a serious siesta afterward.Both visits to Durant's were true culinary and mouthwatering pleasures. It is a little pricey for an all-the-time spot, but for a special occasion, it is definitely the place to go. Plus, it has got history and panache. And who the hell doesn't like both those things in a restaurant?!
My picky palate is not very adventurous.  That's why this year I resolved to eat more adventurously.  I've done a pretty good job so far, and now I have finally tried Pho/Vietnamese!  I'm really proud of myself!  We were originally going to Maxim, but they were closed so we found another place to try Pho.  It was really cold out, and a bowl of piping hot soup just sounded delightful.We walked in and almost every table was full of Vietnamese couples and families.  There were a few other white people in there, but I took that as a good sign.  They wouldn't eat here if it wasn't good, right?  We found the last empty table and quickly seated ourselves.  Someone walked by and dropped menus off on our table like a ninja and we began reading through the foreign novel.  There were so many things on there, and at least half of them scared the crap out of me!  I stuck with my original intentions and got the Pho with the beef slices along with an order of egg rolls.  My egg rolls came out before the Pho and they were quite delicious.  I have no idea what was in them, but they were full of flavor and meaty goodness.  I gobbled them up pretty quickly.  Then came the Pho.  We got a couple GIANT bowls of steaming soup and a plate of garnish.  Now, keep in mind we had no idea how to really eat this, or what to do with all the stuff.  I just watched everyone else in the restaurant and figured it out that it's all personal preference.  I threw in a handful of bean sprouts, squeezed in some lemon, and squeezed in a spoonful or so of sriracha sauce.  My additions resulted in one delicious bowl of heart warming soup.  I scarfed most of the solid food down and sipped most of what was left of the broth.Now I understand why everyone talks about Pho!  I love the level of customization and it really is the perfect remedy for whatever may ail you.  I can't wait to get some more!
Awesome coffee and vibe :)
Hmmm.PastaBAR struck me as oddly pretentious, filling its wine list with choices unrecognizable to the average person and batting about completely foreign Italian phrases on the menu. I'm not a total wine moron, yet I needed the server to translate for me. The safe-bet Syrah and Cabs were something ridiculous like $18 a glass. Huh? Luckily, the red I went with was perfectly tasty. Vegetarians? You are shit out of luck here. I'm not even certain what a vegan would do. The only really vegetarian items on the menu were two noodles and butter dishes, which sounds as interesting as baby food. The twelve-ingredient streetwalker's pantry dish has anchovies in it, but since its description didn't put me to sleep, I gave it a shot, dead fish and all. The mix of textures with the pasta, sauce, and toasted bread crumbs was good, but the overall flavor simply didn't wow me. And, perhaps I am mistaken, but there were little sweet bits of mystery substance in there also... raisins? That's just Trying Too Hard. My SO got the butter and pepper noodles, which did indeed taste like an entire container of black pepper was dumped in the sauce. Spicy, but really one-dimensional.  He liked it very much, but he tends to choose pure heat over complexity in flavors.The restaurant itself is cute but nothing extraordinary. The server was helpful, but slightly on the used-car-salesman side. Bread and butter, like someone else mentioned, does cost extra. WTF is that? The bread was good, but nothing special. Somehow, I kind of resent the idea of pasta dishes without pricey shrimp or fancy meats being expensive. It's frigging PASTA. I don't care if you make it in house. I just feel ripped off.
I didn't really notice until my girlfriend said something, but it's totally true:  We, being from Southern California, are used to having a burger joint, a greasy hole in the wall, everywhere you go.  If you go to the bank, there might be a little burger stand inside.  When you wash your car, reach your hand through the window and hot wax and grab a beefy little snack.  In Phoenix, not so much.  There ARE burger places, but most often, they're a chain:  In N Out, Five Guys, Smash Burger, Fat Burger, Whataburger, etc.... and while they all vary from being pretty damn good to at least not embarrassing, it's just not the same as going to some little hidden gem, tucked between two buildings.  You have great, gourmet places like Fez, but, like I said, it's not the same.To be honest, it's something that you really start to miss about "home" even though it hasn't been home for you in a long, long time.I've ridden past the Chuck Box quite literally, hundreds of times.  It's right on my way home from work tucked somewhere into my peripheral vision and had been ignored by my brain for YEARS.  It wasn't until my sister recommend we pop in before a movie that I even knew it was there.  I'd seen the sign, but my brain never connected the dots.This place does help to fill that void.  Not 100% but the burgers were really, really good and I love the set-up to actually see your burger get made.  Then you add your own garnishes with their floating island thing.  The price ain't too bad and the decor inside is warm and cozy.In fact, I plan on hitting it up tonight.
right near the heart of the university, it's basically a chevy's plus plus.  i will give them an extra star for the service.  my work colleague said that when i valeted my car they would just "run out to meet me and park it for me"... i didn't know he meant LITERALLY.  they ran like they were in a race, despite the lack of traffic behind me.  go Team Z! the waitresses was likewise also very service oriented.  the outside seating was perfect weather which normally i suspect it isn't because of the cold in the winter and heat in the summer, but i hit it right on the head as far as good weather.  the steak salad was pretty decent.  obviously, we're not looking for gourmet here.  we're looking for a strong showing in the "solid, reliable, good ingredients" and i think it makes the cut there.   the chips were good as well as the really nice corn bread they service complimentary.  my friend's enchilada's look great too.  so it beats chevy's from my perspective.  as far as reliable food with good service near the university, this looks like a very good choice.
My husband and I didn't know where to go eat Monday night, but I'm so glad we stumbled upon this place.  As soon as we walked in, I thought of Texas Roadhouse.  The hostess said we are better than them.  I was skeptical at first, til our server came by and then we got our food.  WOW!  Server Lino was really great and was always laughing and smiling.  Everyone there was very helpful with our first time there.  The manager even came up to ask us how we were doing.  The food was amazing.  The sampler app was really good.  The buffalo chicken tenders were so tender and tasty.  Mmmm  We both had the same thing.  Steak, loaded sweet potato, and mac n cheese.  Everything was amazing.  We went for the meal for two for $14.99, BUT decided on something else.  The bill came out over $50 with tip, but it was worth it.  We ended up there during happy hour and my hubby got a few draft beers for $2.99 each.  It was really romantic.  I highly recommend this place to singles, couples, and families!!
Only 8 calories an ounce?  You'd bet that something that low fat has to be bland/blah/tasteless right?  WRONG. Desert Swirl carries the Only 8 brand of frozen yogurt, the healthiest frozen yogurt in Phoenix. There are 8 flavors to choose from, rotated daily from more than 200 flavors and more than 40 extra toppings, but keep in mind these will add calories.  But at 48 calories for a small you can afford it right?  My favorite is the circus animal cookies. Yum!I'm addicted to the frozen yogurt so I haven't tried anything else, but they offer smoothies, shakes, sundaes and ice cream. Judging by the yogurt I'm sure you can't go wrong.  If you want a satisfying sweet treat that's also healthy give Desert Swirl a try.
For a coffee joint there is a surprisingly large amount of space.  Local art lines the walls (and it's for sale), a few locally made items such as coffee cup cozies are also available.  I was happy to find that along with a gorgeous array of pastries ranging from vegan chocolate torte to chocolate pecan pie, there was also an assortment of breakfast and lunch items.Not only does Urban Beans feature a Sunday Brunch with Omelet bar every Sunday, but there is a wonderful assortment of breakfast items to be enjoyed.   Farm egg sandwiches on toasted english muffins, Market quiche, granola parfait, scones, and even gluten free vegan english muffins.Furthermore, lunch selections boast a fabulous spread of sandwiches such as the turkey, brie, cranberry sandwich with a fabulous mango cranberry chutney and fresh arugula.  For the salad selection I highly recommend the quinoa mediterranean salad with mini tomatoes, persian cucumbers, feta cheese, fresh mint, and their citrus house vinaigrette.A more esoteric selection on the menu is the pear and arugula melt, with fresh pears, arugula, fontina cheese, and a balsamic raspberry reduction.Average price of a sandwhich is about $8, salads and quiches range from $4.50-$7.50.  Melts are about $8-$9.  I have only sampled the Chai latte here, which I thought was beautifully rendered.  Coffee and espresso drinks are abundant here, prices are very reasonable.Great lunch spot, perfect for browsing the internet with their free wi-fi on a lazy sunday.
My hopes for White Chocolate were high, especially upon walking into the place. The decor is very nice, and the staff are attentive  After dining here one word sums it up:  meh.   The waiters do a good job of refilling beverages, but this doesn't make up for the lackluster fare. The spinach dip was so-so (ask for a side of raw veggies to accompany it). Our entrees were the biggest disappointment. When I asked my waiter what was better, the classic chicken salad or the veggie burger, he said the latter. He wasn't convincing.  I asked about the minted green beans, he responded "they're not my favorite, but I eat them all the time."  Okay...points for honesty. the most impressive part of the place is the bar.  It's gorgeous.  I could see myself lounging around here for a couple hours, soaking up the atmosphere, enjoying good company...if only food lived up to this standard.  It was a decent experience, nothing to rave about.  Meh.
Since I myself have only made the trip to New York twice, I cannot be considered an expert on NY-style pizza. But a friend who lived in the Big Apple swears this is the best authentic NY pizza in the area. NY-or-not, all I know is it tastes amazing. The homemade sauce is killer, the toppings fresh and tasty, and the crust thin and chewy. Mmmm. The cheesecake is also wonderful. You will NOT be disappointed!
I have to agree with Patti B. that this location pretty much sucks.  The service is just ok - they are far from friendly.  I've been in  a couple of times to pick up food and I have yet to be impressed.  I wanted to give them another chance tonight and I should not have bothered.  The food is not so good.  I'd rather go to Pita Jungle or Thai Llana any day!  The spring rolls are greasy and room temperature and the tofu is pretty nasty.  I had some kind of udon noodle dish and threw most of it in the garbage.  Use your 'free entree' coupon to save $$ one night, but that's about it... I will not be returning to (this) Pei Wei any time soon...
Have you ever been a vegetarian stuck with meat-eating relatives that don't care if you starve to death?  I have.Those relatives forced me to eat at Joe's Real Barbecue after a long day of "sightseeing" in the East valley.  Does Tempe Town Lake really qualify as sightseeing?? It's not even a real lake!We were all very hungry, and I guess the thought of barbecue trumped any reservations I had about not being able to find anything on the menu I could eat.  Just like I figured, Joe's didn't have any main entree items I could eat.  They did, however, have giant baked potatoes and macaroni and cheese on the menu.  I had ordered those, and enjoyed an amazing root beer (is that stuff homemade or something??) and this perfect brownie for dessert.  Just goes to show that you don't have to eat "real" barbecue to enjoy Joe's.  Check it out!
Fun atmosphere. Definitely a land mark tourist trap. Its one of the oldest stage coach stops still standing. You can still view the original jail house across the street, bars and all. Live music, good appetisers and burgers, average steaks.Great place to have a large gathering r event. Rio Verde Horseman's Association has their annual dinner dance here in the Winter.
I went to this place after reading the reviews on Yelp, but I was very disappointed.  I ordered some pulled port and sausage with some various sides.  The sausage tasted like a hotdog!!! I took it back to the counter thinking they accidentally gave me a hotdog happy meal or something... The pulled pork was average and the collard greens were good, but for 20.28 for one meal, that's just wrong.  Maybe I'm being too critical, but I threw away a little more than half of the food I was served... I've lived in Texas and Georgia and know what good BBQ tastes like, but I wouldn't recommend this at all.
Here's what you can eat at Jasmine Tokyo:1) All kinds of Chinese fast food dishes (chow mein, honey walnut shrimp, crab puffs, etc.... pretty unhealthy unless you skip the cream cheese-y, fried, and mayo-filled dishes. The sweet chili calamari was worth it, though.)2) Mongolian stir fry. There's legitimately a tiny Ghengis Grill-esque section.3) Over a dozen kinds of better-than-anticipated-quality sushi, plus sashimi (not all the rolls were identified, but they were tasty, so who really cares if it was Soylent Green, anyway...)4) Something from the shellfish bar... the crab legs were meaty, but not flavorful... at least they're one step ahead of most buffets.5) A smattering of Japanese delights, such as the surprisingly impressive squid salad, seaweed salad, etc.6) Meat. There's a section with huge cuts of red meat for those who aren't ready to venture into Americanized Asian food, or just need a fat steak to accompany their Gyoza.7) Dessert - a sundae bar with 6 flavors of ice cream, cakes, puddings, custard, jell-o, fruit, cookies, mousse, macaroons, cream puffs, etc. The cookies are awesome, especially a la mode, as is the Chocolate Thunder(thighs) cake with banana.In a nutshell: It's pretty apparent that there are a handful of ways to get your money's worth, but I'd say the best bet is just to try everything, then eat approximately 27 pieces of sashimi and 14 rolls of sushi. Even if you OD on sushi and die of Mercury poisoning, at least you were economical about it, right?
Love this place!After having a few other Ethiopian feasts at other restaurants, Lalibela is the best.  The food is fresh & perfectly seasoned.  TONS of vegetarian options.Can not complain about anything.
Okay...I'm sorry to those whom I may offend by typing the words that are to follow.I didn't think that "the best pizza in the country" was that great.I was super excited to eat here. I've lived in Phoenix for 5 years now and it was the first time that I've really had the opportunity to go. I was warned ahead of time that there is usually a long wait time...but a THREE HOUR WAIT is freakin' ridiculous!  It is nice that the little bar place is next door because it takes your mind off of the wait a little bit...but three hours is just a little much. If I hadn't been there with friends who had driven from Mesa to meet up, there is no way I would have even entertained the thought of sticking around.By the time we actually sat down to eat, I would have chowed down on a piece of cardboard with pepperoni drawn on it in red Sharpie. Yeah, they use "good" ingredients. Yeah, they have this fancy-schmancy wood fired oven. Yeah, yeah, yeah...it was okay. For the wait we had, I expected a lot more...the pizza was average at best.On the other hand, the appetizers we got were off the charts amazing. Prosciutto and asparagus, roasted veggies and bread w/ good EVOO...how can you go wrong, right?Sorry Phoenix, you're pizza gem was a big disappointment. As a pizza lover, I think it was okay...but unfortunately the wait overshadowed the food and I'll never go back.
I've always had a good meal here. I'm not sure what there is to gripe about. I think as a Yelper it's important to focus on the food and overall niche that a restaurant serves to it's community.  If you're looking for a red sauce kind of Italian restaurant (lasagna, meatballs, spaghetti) this is not the place for you.  As a matter of fact, not ALL Italian food consist of red sauce dishes.  My suggestion is to attend La Piccola for lunch as there are a plethora of excellent sandwiches.  While you're doing so, sneek a peek at what a potential dinner might look like.  Take some time and speak with the owner, you'll find he's an educated man and takes great pride in his restaurant and  fresh food.
This is the best coffee shop in the east valley, hands down. We come in every Sunday for breakfast and love the food, the atmosphere and the people. You have to check it out and support local businesses! Forget Starbucks, they're the Walmart of coffee...
I wish there was a way to give zero stars.  Went here with a group of friends and the staff refused to give us an additional chair despite the fact that there were several open chairs throughout the restaurant.  When I finally went to grab an open chair the host literally pulled the chair out from under me.  I have never been treated so bad in my life. Rude staff. Will never go here ever again.
I've been here several times and the food/service is always phenomenal just like all the other Mastro's locations.  However, on my last trip here last week for my father's 69th birthday, I came to a realization.  I realized that this location is geared toward younger, club-going people.  Between the very dim lighting, loudness and type of music playing over the speakers in the main dining area it became clear that this was "Club Mastro's".  I know the music is meant to quicken the pace of your meal and get you the heck out of there so the next group of suckers can sit, but I don't want to spend that type of money on a dining experience if I am rushed; directly or indirectly.  Plus I don't like to yell to others at my table and then strain to hear what they are saying.  Keep in mind was 6:00pm on a Saturday.Anyway, I must say again that the food and service were excellent.  Every bit of food that I put in my mouth from the bread, to the salad, to the steak and sides, to the dessert were all top notch.However, at my old age of 31 I think I'm going to stick to the other regular Mastro's locations and dine with the older folk.
I took a friend and tried this place after reading the reviews here on Yelp. The food here is great!   Started with great chips and salsa, the green tomatillo salsa was especially good. Tried the shrimp tacos and the tacos durados chicken. Both were excellent, They were served with beans, rice, and a small salad. There was plenty of food for both of use, my friend gave me one of her tacos as she could not finish her plate. They have various Mexican beers and Bud Light available and it was served very cold with a frosty glass and a lemon slice. They also have Mexican bottled sodas in real glass bottles. We left stuffed and very happy.  I will definitly be back!!
The Zulu caffe is a new restaurant filling the empty spot in the Scottsdale Airport terminal.  The best part of the new restaurant is the service is spectacular with great food.  The pricing is also quite reasonable.  Stop by for breakfast or lunch and watch the planes arrive and depart.
Not only did I enjoy sitting outside for a lovely ladies business lunch at Frank & Albert's last week, but I enjoyed the best Cobb salad ever!  I'm picky about chicken and this was excellent quality and delicious rotisserie chicken they used.  The combo of the other ingredients (lettuce, tomato, egg, avocado, bacon, and black olives) along with the green goddess dressing was superb.  It was a beautiful presentation too!My dining companions' meals looked amazing as well.  I saw the Biltmore Bistro Burger, the Grilled Fish Tacos, and the B.A.L.T. (their Tuesday Blue Plate Special).  We devoured pretty much everything on the table too...The service was a tad on the slow side but it was also a packed restaurant.  I will have to return for breakfast, dinner, and/or happy hour too as all of their menus look outstanding.  The bar/drinks menu alone has something for everyone with economy friendly prices.  If you have not yet been to the Arizona Biltmore, this new restaurant is reason to go... and since this year marks the Biltmore's 80th Birthday, there is a ton of history in the resort as well.
Ive driven past this place on the freeway about a million times and has always vowed that one day, i will try this place! and out of complete randomness.... it became my Saturday night dinner :) As we park the car, we could already tell this place was packed! we walked in and there were parties waiting to be seated ... lucky for us... we were seated right away... I'm sure we deemed ugly hungry stares for it to... hey its not our fault their are only two of us.... right after we were seated our drink orders were taken by a very welcoming young gentleman. :) and out chips and salsa were brought out promptly too! The Salsa was amazing... and the chips were fresh ... and hot!! that could have been my meal i was so content.... this place has great lighting.... not to bright or too dull... just how i like it. in the middle of the place there was a huge area where they cooked all the food... or at least some of it... it looked like fun.... we shared the beef Fajitas... they were amazing!! grilled on top of bell peppers and onions... red and white... mm served with rice, beans w/cheese, guacamole and a tray of salsa, sour cream and cheese... it was SO good and they brought out your tortillas in a little bowl with a cover to keep them warm.. but they tasted more like pita bread... either way everything was hot and fresh and out in a very timely fashion.. especially since this place was packed... i like this place alot... i would love to come back again and maybe sit near the chefs area :)
Silvermine totally rules. The only complaint I have about their food is that it is almost impossible to decide, when drunk, whether to order a Georgetown or a Caribou. Any place that caters to my inebriated need for a sandwich at 4am is better than any boyfriend I've ever had. A word to the wise: know what you want before you call, and don't let them hang up without getting your card information. I've had some run-ins with the occasional terse phone-operator, and have learned a valuable lesson in trepidation. Really though, can you blame the occasional lapse in service when someone is delivering, to your home, a scrumptious, meat-filled sammy that immediately cures you of your drunken woes? Also, I did not discover this until recently, but OMFG THE BROWNIES. Get one every time, even if you're not 100% sure you want one or like chocolate. Rarely have I derived such intense pleasure from consuming something that rots my innards and makes me tired after 20 minutes. So effing wonderful, these brownies.
Shawizzz......zzzz.....zzzzWhat my expectations of this cute little wine restaurant sounded. At first glance I was excited since Saturday nights are my nights to go Yelping! My Wine Cellar is the first stop. My guest and I sat at the bar.  We ordered a few drinks.... we ordered a few drinks....I said we ORDERED A FEW DRINKS!  Oh there you are! For a minute there I was getting thirsty. Granted big party was "in da house" out back rockin' away, but really I'm sitting at the bar. I can reach over to pour my own drink if that is fine.  We ordered some roasted Brussel Sprouts, Classic Pizza, Fries, and Hummus.  Brussel Sprouts were good, Fries were greasy, Classic Pizza -- well was classic and the Hummus was good minus the rock bread we ate it with.Only thing I dig so far about this place is the ambience.  I love the outdoor patio overlooking the green grass and the band gave it a Jazzy feel.  I think they should invest in more couches, but that's just my opinion. - Enjoy!
i like this little shop. there was only one young lady working the evening we were there, so it took a little while to get our drinks. the coffee was strong and flavorful. my wife loved her hot white princess tea. what else?
Ok, so I guess no matter how many times I have seen one of these restaurants pop up on my searches for breakfast, I have never gone. This time, it was just the best option. So, when we walked right into this cute funky store with all kinds of knick knacks, I was a little surprised. The store and restaurant on the inside look like an old barn with great southern antiques and the like all over. There are lanterns for lights and the place has a neat feel to it.We were seated quickly and the restaurant was quite crowded. We were conveniently seated near some baseball photos and antiques. Our waitress came by quickly to let us know she would be with us in a few minutes and then came to take our drink orders. COFFEE! After a 430 am awakening, it was well needed. The menu had a lot of things on it and the prices were CHEAP. The options were not so creative, but very southern and hearty. We ordered the Old Timer Breakfast and the Mamas Pancake Special. The Old Timer came with 2 eggs, grits, biscuits and gravy, turkey sausage, and fried apples (which the waitress told me are baked with cinnamon and lots of sugar... probably butter too seeing the calories.) The Mamas Pancake dish came with pancakes, which we substituted blueberry pancakes, bacon, and eggs. It seemed like it took about 30 minutes for our breakfast to come. We did get frequent coffee refills, but we were starving and it just plane took forever. Finally, it all came and we dug in. We were just starving and over coffee'd by this point. I was overly enthusiastic about my grits and gobbled them down with a little sweetener. Standard grits, but they were good by me. The apples were good, but nothing to write home about for less than a cup of apples with gooey sauce for 184 calories. I did like my turkey sausage patty, but gave the second one to SG. SG's pancakes were just ok, but it was a nice touch that they offered sugar free syrup as well as blueberry.Overall, it hit the spot because we were hungry. But, if there is a better reviewed location anywhere we are looking for a meal, we will likely go there. This place is just average, but very very CHEAP. My plate was only $6.39 (grits, eggs, apples, sausage, 2 biscuits and gravy). The servings are HUGE for the price. So if you are looking for quantity over quality, this is your place. Nothing too creative, just lots of it.
Okay, a Sonic is a Sonic, right?  Burgers, fries, shakes, etc. That's true here, but I'm sure you knew that going in. What I'm stumping for here is their new Premium Beef Hot Dogs. For fast food hot dogs, these dogs are pretty tasty noms. Seriously.Let's discuss my favorite: The Chicago Dog.  Sure, they offer a New York Dog, a Baja Dog, and a couple others, but the Chicago Dog is totally the one to get.  It has the requisite mustard, relish, tomato, peppers, and pickle spear, but what really makes this thing worth buying is the amazing, soft, delectable poppy-seed bun.  Y. U. M.Yes, I cannot say enough good things about this gluten-laden delight of a hot dog cradle, because it's so UNLIKE the normal fare you'd get at Sonic. Crushed, mushy buns are pretty much accepted across the lines of all burger joints, but when one of those joints gets a lowly hot dog bun nailed PERFECTLY, well, then that's something.  Add to that the decently delicious ingredients (beef dog, condiments), and it's a winner for me.Yes, I know Ted's is kinda the hot dog king around here, but I gotta tell you, this Chicago dog is worth a try.
This is not good Asian food.  The veggie stir fry was terrible.  The rice was deplorable.  The hot and sour soup was very good - a bright spot on the menu.  If I was ever forced to come here again, I would order that.  Otherwise, this is genericized Asia food that is no better than the take out you could get at any mall in any state in the U.S.  And, the service was slow.  Not terrible.  Just kind of absent.
Nice!Cheap, fast, great pizza.  $5 will get you a one topping large, and $9 will snag an extra large.  For the price, you can't beat it.  They'll do pizza right, and deliver it to your door in less than an hour.I would call this more of a delivery or pick-up place than anything else.  They have only a few tables, so I wouldn't recommend this as a sit down pizza joint unless things are slow--they fill up very quickly.  The floors and walls are concrete or brick, the table and chairs are spartan.  Never mind the furnishings or the decor.  It's all about the pizza here.  Service is great.
One day, I was craving something light and healthy, and this place seemed just the ticket. Trying to avoid the Camelback construction, I wended my way through a residential area, and lucked out on a sweet parking spot.I didn't really have the time or desire to eat there, so I grabbed a menu and placed an order to go -- the seared tuna, and some soba noodles. And I waited. And waited. For the record, there is no waiting area, per se. I just stood around by the door, kind of looming over some poor guy's table. I explained to at least 4 different groups, that I was not waiting for a table, and they could go ahead of me. When my food was finally ready, I quickly paid and bolted out the door.In the comfort of my cube, I unwrapped the goods. The tuna looked lovely, a good shade of red, nicely seasoned crust, presented on a bed of greens, with a soy-based sauce on the side. It tasted fantastic as well. The noodles were rather plain, the broth unremarkable, but not bad.I would definitely go back, but would phone in my order first, or dine there.
This place was an absolute blast!  We were staying at the Arizona Grand so we were dropped off and picked up by the shuttle from the resort.  Very Convenient! Walking up there is a Huge Bull who's name is Horney! Fitting as he has two HUGE horns...  hehe. ;) The smell was less than appetizing, but then again it brought me back to the country a bit..  And well that is the theme of this place.  We got over it as we walked in! The Restaurant is decked out Country!  We all enjoyed entering the Restaurant on the slide, YES I enjoyed entering the Restaurant on the slide!  I would have kept going, as all the children were doing, but I was reminded that we were in a restaurant so I acted appropriately (aside from the first slide where I literally shrieked with pleasure!!.) My daughter did suffer a bit of rug burn, but she got over it! So we sat down and ordered our food-  the girls ordered Spaghetti and Macaroni (I did remind them we were in a Country restaurant and they could have BBQ!? But they were in the mood for pasta, ok!) Their portions were very generous! Boyfriend and I shared the dinner for two, which came with a bunch of options.  Ribs, BBQ Chicken, Shrimp, Swordfish, potatoes, cole slaw (served in half a pineapple), beef kabob, etc... you get the picture? It was A LOT of food.  $21.00 per person but it was a LOT of food. Tons of Leftovers!  OH did I mention that we ordered the Rattlesnake App?  We did, it was delish.  They are cooked kind of like pop corn chicken with a chipotle sauce.  And they deliver it with part of the snake bones for "show".  It was good, we would order it again. It was Khaira's bday so they gave us an option of dessert, they serve cotton candy so we stuck with that.  It was a great way to end dinner!  They also had a live band playing, which was great for a week night! It was a very fun experience.Beer in a mason jar, and a fantastic view! The best part was that we happened to show up on kids eat free night- so the girls' meals were FREE!!!  Nice surprise!!   We will be back!
In one word: Yawn.A good friend used to live nearby and has a weak spot for Mexican food.  He gauges overall quality by the salsa, though, and will choose amazing salsa and mediocre food over mediocre salsa and amazing food.Actually, that's a great description of Rosita's: Great salsa, mediocre food.  The cheese they use is strange and it's definitely overpriced for the quality.  They definitely make the mistake of drowning everything in that greasy cheese and the meat is gristley.On the upside, the service has always been exemplary; the staff is friendly and extremely fast.  Rosita's is conveniently located between work and ASU, and sometimes that makes a huge difference when choosing a restaurant.  Still, if I had to eat on that corner, I'd run into Cornish Pasty or Sacks before considering Rosita's.
I was very disappointed with this particular Oregano's location (Scottsdale at Shea). Although the food was very good, the service was lacking. Initially, our waitress was prompt with bringing beverages out. However, after our meal was delivered, our waitress disappeared; we never see her again. We inquire to another waiter, who then lets us know that our waitress had taken a break. Nonetheless, the food was good. My four favorites are the "Italian Gold wings," "Numero One-O," "Bistro Sweet Po's," and French Fries. The Italian Gold wings are chicken wings cooked with a honey mustard BBQ sauce. The Numero One-O is a stuffed pizza with sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, onions, and green onions. The Bistro Sweet Po's are sweet potato fries. And as for the French Fries, they are crispy and ruffled! Oh yes, and DO try the dessert. I recommend the Chocolate Chip dessert, which is essentially a hot pizza cookie -- made entirely of chocolate chip. Prices from about $5 to $9 for appetizers. Pizza prices range from about $14 to $23. There are also lasagnas, pastas, and sandwiches -- all of which are good.
This is a chain restaurant, but they are fanatical about the quality of their food and service.  It's a little pricey at around $20-$25 a plate for a dinner entree but the food is high quality.Let's get our priorities in order:In terms of drinks, I had a vodka tonic (Well vodka there is Smirnoff but they also carry Ketel One) and a Watermelon Margarita.  The vodka tonic was about what you'd expect.  A decent neutral drink with a splash of citrus.  The Watermelon Margarita was a little sweet for my taste but it was definitely an interesting experience and certainly strong enough and big enough.  It's a $9 drink but it comes with a sidecar caraffe that will completely refill the Margarita glass and then some so it's really like 2 margaritas for under five bucks each.Now that that's out of the way let's discuss dessert:I had a bite of the cheesecake which was tasty, but not award winning.    Entrees:I tried the NY strip and a lobster tail, both of which were well prepared though I'm not a huge fan of their spice rub.  It's not bad mind you, I just prefer my steaks either naked or marinated.  The good news is their steaks are never frozen and the quality of the cuts I saw looked pretty high (mine was good).  The lobster tail was good.  I'd say comparable to Red Lobster which is probably about all you can expect for a chain restaurant in the desert.  Besides, I like Red Lobster so that's not intended to be a slight, it's just not the same as living in port towns and having fresh local seafood available which is an entirely different thing.The house garden salad was nothing to write home about, but it wasn't disgusting either.  They rounded up the usual suspects (Iceberg, Carrots, an onion ring, a couple of cucumbers and some cherry tomatoes) and held them for questioning in an average sized bowl.  it was about what you'd expect for a dinner salad at a steak place.The bread was fresh and delicious.  I liked the taste better than that brown stuff they serve at Outback.My baked potato was pretty much what you'd expect from a baked potato. Split down the middle with butter in it.  It was good, but I couldn't finish it as I had too many other competing morsels to contend with.All in all the food was good and my only complaint was that I ate too much.  I would definitely go again.
Nobuo just knocked one outa the park ! Tonight was an open house and food tasting of the new menu at Nobou at the Teeter house. The place is a small historic home renovated and sits just across from Pizzeria Bianco.  The evening was $15 and we sampled everything on the menu. Is was a full house and the food kept coming. The servers passed Asian Hors'd ouvres to our tables. Every bite was succulent with the freshest of the fresh. A piece of salmon wrapped around a very special little almond drizzled with a unique basil sauce. Pork buns that melted. A square of watermelon with cap of goat cheese, refreshing ! I absoulutely loved the tasting and can't wait to go back for dinner ! This cuisine if something out of the ordinary and very SPECIAL ! This is fine dining in a cool hip place !
C   -Crust is amazing! Perfect amount of crisp and fluffiness.  I    -Interesting location. It is in a house, on the corner, close to downtownB   -Bruschetta! Grape tomatoes and basil, Cannetini beans, Prosciutto and mozzarella.O   -OMG, is there really 4 cheese on that pizza!?!Loved it, great place for a date. The night I went there was a really nice band playing for us out on the patio.
The first thing you notice about Sapna Cafe are the windows pouring natural light into this neat, white space. (For shape, think of the Flatiron Building in New York on a tiny, tiny scale.)  The windows are covered with thin 15-foot mix-and-match drapes tied to reveal Grand and 13th Ave. views.  The vaguely triangular dining room gives way to a door frame through which you find the blackboard menu and register, where you order.I took two friends on Saturday during Art Detour for a late lunch and the place was about half-full with the owner and one other person working.There are two daily specials, and I had the Garbanzos and Eggplant in a Coconut Milk Curry, which came with brown rice, baguette pieces, and a side salad of field greens modestly but flavorfully dressed, all for $6.50.  The curry was rich, warm, and filling, and the firmness of the garbanzos went well with the butter-soft eggplant.  A great lunch for the price.My friend Katie had the messy but delicious tabbouleh and chipotle hummus wrap, and my friend Kelly had a large salad with cranberries, almonds, goat cheese, and manchego.  It was dressed with balsamic vinegar only (no oil?), so the flavor was mostly sweet and tangy.The drinks, we agreed, were on the subpar side.  The orangeade was inventive and attractive on the menu, but was mostly diluted and unsatisfying for $3.Sapna's seems to be sorting out the ordering, serving, clean-up system, not to mention operating the register.  Ringing up sales took about 3-5 minutes per patron, and you pay at the end.  The half-eaten and abandoned sandwich at the adjacent table remained for our entire hour lunch.Nevertheless, I am so grateful for fresh, interesting food on Grand Ave., and I'm confident Sapna Cafe will work out the service issues.I will return.
I don't care if this place is known as the "McDonalds" of the Vietnamese sandwich world.  So long as they can serve me an awesome sandwich under $3, then they're okay in my book.  So quit crying about "ow the hard bread cuts the roof of my mouth."  If you want a wuss sandwich, then go down the street to Subway.
Lucky lucky me! And it's nice to have some of my Karma coming back to me! I decided to try out the Longhorn Steakhouse Saturday night.  I thought it was a new location of a different restaurant of a similar name on Southern that had closed, but when I got there I discovered this was a brand new restaurant that hadn't even opened yet. The parking lot was full but when I got the to the front door I was told by the two people holding menus that this was a training night and not open to the public. I made a joke that it was too bad I couldn't be a trainee for the evening and went to leave when  they asked, Is it just you? and I said Yup, just me, so they handed me a menu and said you can go on in and sit in the bar area. The meal will be complimentary and we hope you enjoy your dinner. After I picked my jaw up off the floor I walked in and was seated at the bar by a very nice hostess and an even nicer bartender named Jen came up to me and started explaining that I could order any meal on the menu, that it included either an appetizer or dessert, my choice, and she started describing the drinks to me. I thought the folks in front said drinks were included but I did get charged for the Margarita at the end, but that was okay because it was delicious and what was in the shaker filled the class twice so it was well worth it. I looked over the menu and couldn't believe what I was seeing. So many good choices! I asked if the combinations were included and she said yes, anything on the menu. I was thinking about getting the prime rib but she said they had run out of that because they only made a certain amount and the training had been going on all dayStill not believing my good luck I ordered the Filet and Lobster dinner, which would have been $26.99 any other night. The dinner came with a choice of dinner salad or Caesar, and I chose Caesar, a choice of side dishes and I chose fresh vegetables, and honey wheat bread with butter. The bread was fantastic, the Caesar salad was crisp and fresh.  The steak arrived before the lobster, one of the glitches they were working out in training. I took a bite of the steak which was melt in your mouth tender. I held off on eating more so I could include the lobster in my photo.  See my pictures. The filet had a wonderful grilled flavor and was cooked just right, medium rare. It did have a grisly  place on one side.  The lobster was very moist and juicy with excellent flavor and I savored every bite of both. The vegetables might have been a little overcooked, at least for my taste.  I would've expected them to be a little crisper, but they had good flavor.  I ate all the lobster but had a little piece of steak left over and decided to take my dessert in a to-go box to eat later.   I finished up my Margarita, had a nice conversation with Jen, and even the manager, Anthony, came over to ask if everything was fine.  From him I learned this is the first Longhorn location in Arizona, although they have others that will open soon in the Phoenix area.   San Diego, where I live, is SOL for the time being.   Our loss.Oh, and the Key Lime Pie, which I ate later, was one of the best I ever tasted!Aside from being complimentary, I would have gladly paid the price for this wonderful meal. I hereby give this restaurant the Mother Yelper stamp of approval and hope to get back here soon.  Bon Appetit!Epilogue:  I went back on the official opening day, Tues, Dec. 11th, for lunch, and one other time before I left town.  The food was just as good both times.
I have no idea what most people want when they go to farmers markets.I came here on a Wednesday night with my mom, a dude from Canada, and a dude from Paris, France. All 3 of them, plus me, loved it. Live music was playing in the background. I got some fresh-made pasta for my deprived kitchen. Mom bought the sweetest carrots I've tasted in the decades since my family used to grow our own carrots in our Canadian backyard. We looked at jewelry and other locally made knick knacks. People were just milling around, which is an experience that's hard to come by in the Valley. So, while I'm no farmers market expert, I can't think of a reason to deprive the experience of even a single star.
I made it to FEZ on sat night. I thought it would be packed on sat night but there was no wait and lots of seats available.  I realy like the decor. They have a patio and this is were we sat. I really like restaurants with patios. That night it was overcast and raining a little so I was very happy sitting outside. Our server was very nice and very honest with all the questions I had about the menue. So on to the food. I ended up getting a burger. It did not come out med like I asked but the flavor was there and it really was delicious. I like how light the ciabatta roll was. I dont care for ciabatta bread to much cause its so dence  and just to much bread when using it for a sandwich or burger but this ciabatta was good and light. Also the mustard they put on it was freakin awesome. Spicy and delicious. I think the mustard played a big part in why I liked the burger so much. If it was cooked to med and not well I would have enjoyed it even more. My girlfriend ordered the apricot salmon. She liked it alot but the kuskus that came with it was no good, tasteless and just not good. Sorry it just wasnt, but the veggies were great. The apricot glaze on the salmon was great. I did try it but I,m so not a salmon fan at all cause its just to fishy  for me unless its smoked but this glaze helped that out and it would be really good on pork. Anyway overall great atmosphere and food was good for the most part. The burger was $10.95 and another $2 for fries. Good burger but I always have a hard time spending $12.95 for a burger and fries but it was good. The bar has a menu of its own. This is cool but I really wanted the pepper poppers and you cant get them unless you are at the bar. I really freakin hate that. If you are a restaurant and you serve something that I want but I cant get it because I'm not sitting in the bar I'm already unhappy. I love stuffed peepers and I had already ordered $50 in food and drink but I cant get peppers. What the f--k ever man. Not cool. There was only 4 people at the bar so If I were manager I would make that avalable for everyone who asked about it just to get some sales while they were slow.. I guess cause I wanted to enjoy the great weather we were finnaly getting in phoenix and sit on the patio I had to miss out on the app I came here for.  I might be back for a burger but not sure how soon. I was really wanting to meet Thomas but he was in a conversation when I walked in and I did not see him when I was leaving.  Untill next time Thomas
I usually like to start off my reviews with the positive, so here it goes. Value is definitely the highlight of this place as there's some really good deals on select days. I think it's 2.99 burritos on Mondays, free churros on Tuesdays, and kids eat free on Sundays? I'm sure there are other daily specials, but I can't remember all of them. They also have a good salsa bar with pico, onions, cilantro, peppers, and a few different types of salsa (depending on the hotness level). Food was like okay. i wouldn't salivate or dream about it or anything. Now to the part that kind of made me cringe:sanitation.  I went to bathroom and they ran out of soap! Actually, they didn't even have a soap cartridge inside the dispenser. Also, the hygiene of ppl serving food was a little bit questionable. Example: the dude put on gloves (good), but then with the same gloves he touched the food, bills, and the cash register without changing them once. Now that is just disgusting. Let me say this before people think I'm being too harsh. I've had street food in Mexico, Vietnam, Korea, Phillippines, and Indonesia. If you ever had street food in those countries, then you know damn well you may be risking some unfavorable bowel movements later. I'm not being picky, but I just don't want to get food poisoning and throw up for a good 2 days straight. That is all.
I had waited to write a review for Bianco because it had been so long since I had been last, I felt I needed a refresher course. Last night I got one. I took a date there and we were quoted an hour forty-five to two hours and 15 minutes. Seemed liked a lot for a Thursday night, but was planning on waiting. I thought the stars were totally aligned though when I was able to find a spot in their tiny parking lot. I guess it can't all be perfect. So we ventured over to Bar Bianco (review to follow) for a few drinks to pass the time. We were pleasantly surprised that in about an hour and a half they were ready for us next door. We took the first available seating which was up at the bar. I have to say I forgot just how small this place is. The bar is nice, but we were both wishing the top of it came out a little more. It was a little awkward trying to sit on the stools straight. It does however make it more conducive to talking, almost like a table. The atmosphere was great and we even had a short conversation with a few of the other bar inhabitants. The bartender/server was very attentive and greeted us right away. Took our drink order and he poured them right then and there. We decided to go with a Sonny Boy and the Biancoverde. Within 10 minutes, I think, they were both out and done to perfection. The salami on the Sonny Boy got nice a crispy on the edges and the olives were nice and salty. I was also pleasantly surprised by the Biancoverde. It is a white pizza with ricotta and arugula. It was nice and creamy. We ate all but two pieces and left feeling satisfied. This is a great date place and I credit Z for suggesting it. If someone has never been downtown before take them here if you can get a table. It will surely impress them.
Big fan of this chain. Love the chicken artichoke dish and the voodoo tuna. Recently discovered brunch, I got the quesadilla with tomatillo sauce and it was delicious. My man got the french toast, big, fluffy and tasted like candy. Now the best part: $3 your choice of vodka and a MAKE YOUR OWN BLOODY MARY BAR!!! Whoohoo! They have everything you can possibly imagine, including 4 different mixes to choose from.
I saw someone review Quiktrip recently and I'm like "What a loser." Who would review Quiktrip? A life? Better things to do? No? Then my friend lost her job. I told her I'd buy her a drink. I'm very gesturally oriented. It's not the thought that counts. If the thoughts counted, I'd have given the biz to 13,000 women by now. It's the gesture. Especially if it could lead to a knob polishment for yours truly. So we were driving by QT and I knew I could get off way cheaper here than Durants. So I'm like, "Whatever your heart desires, fellow loser who can't hold a job." But while waiting for her to pick herself up off the floor (she slipped in her own salty tears), I noticed some incredible things. Penis-sized cheese tacquitos! My penis-sized mozzarella sticks. Significantly smaller and not quite as good but nevertheless satisfying to the undiscerning. It was clean. It was dangerous. Some guy had to tell another guy in the parking lot "I'm not going to hit you." in order to approach. And my friend paid because I "forgot my wallet" in the car.
Just when it looked like a normal parking lot I drove back and found a plethora of open parking spots... but then they all said reserved for such and such business (not Oreganos).  They managed to do it again - find a location with inadequate parking, except this one's in mesa.  Restaurant size was better than the others, but it is plagued with Millennial college kids from across the street.  Food & menu are no different than the other locations as far as I can tell, and thankfully I was in and out rather quickly with my 2 slices and Hefe-Weizen.  Service was a little slow which is frustrating when you're at the bar and you see the bartender having personal conversations with other staff.
Not impressed. Overpriced, loud environment.I went here for a birthday party for around 15 people. It was so loud that I could only talk to the people next to me. It took forever to get the food. I went here about 4 months ago. From what I remember, the sushi was not bad, but not memorable either.
Ok, I may have been extra crabby today, but I'm sick and tired of the particular rules and regulations at La Piazza al Forna. They must think their poo does not stink after being on DDD... here are some annoying regulations: - They will not sit you until you entire table is presented. This is understandable if its crowded, but when no one is there? - They will no longer split checks. I was there today and a party of 8 sat down. They almost got up and left because they were told of this policy. Maybe its because last time I was there dining and we split the check, my friend was charged double...hmmmm... not good at splitting checks? - They will not allow take out. I called once to pick up a pizza and they said no because they make only a certain amount pizzas for their dining-in crowd. I said, " wonder if I come in and eat one slice and take the rest home?" No answer. - You can call to make reservations, but they only hold them for 10 minutes after your reserved time (10 minutes is a little harsh!) THE FOOD: Decent. That's why I go back at times. The pizza and pasta are very good. The calzone is good, but the cheese and goodies are only in the center and alot of crust at the ends. The salads are just ok. The calamari is ok. It's a little chewy. The cannolis are just ok as well. The filling had a lot of cinnamon and the shell was too thick today. I go to have great pizza and that's about it.
3.5 starsRemember when Hot Pockets were the best invention EVER? Well now there's a restaurant that is totally dedicated to a fancy hot pocket filled with tasty treats! Yup, Cornish Pasty Co!After promising myself that I would try this place for way too long, I decided to go with a co-worker for my first visit. For my first trip to CPC, I chose the Tikka Masala pasty. It was pretty good! I guess I was hoping for a serving of spicy, somewhat creamy, and savory tikka masala served in a hot pocket. What I got was a good hot pocket full of chicken and some sauce. Not nearly has juicy and spicy as I had imagined it would be, but still good. I chose the peanut butter and jelly pasty for a dessert to take home with me. When I got home and baked it, I took a bite and it was peanut butter and apple jelly? I was confused. It was ok.On my second trip to CPC, I had the cheeseburger pasty. That was pretty darn good! The meat was juicy and a little grease was dripping out of the pocket, which meant that it was nice and juicy! Whenever I am tempted by a hot pocket, I make sure that I head to CPC for a well made, tasty, more sophisticated version!
Me and my friend Veronica happened to stumble upon this darling marketplace and cafe while shopping around Phoenix today!  I'm always excited to find a grocery store that carries an array of health-conscious items!  We discovered that Luci's had many gluten-free/organic options that I normally can't find anywhere else!  Loved all the openness in the cafe area, the entire atmosphere was very warm and inviting.  I could definitely sit there a few hours and get all cozy with a warm 'cup of joe' and my laptop.  Also liked that the cafe contained stevia sweetener packets and agave nectar--that's a really awesome and rare find!  The barista made me feel extra special when he asked if I wanted some of their homemade whipped cream!!!  I couldn't refuse when he explained it was made from agave nectar, vanilla bean, and espresso--and I must say it was totally YUM!  V kept dipping her stir stick in my doppio for more!  Veronica made a good point today when she expressed how neat it is that more and more people are leaning towards a better way of eating--I couldn't help but agree!  And great to have a store like Luci's to inspire a healthier lifestyle!
This place is on the list.You know, that list you keep of places you plan on coming back to, again and again? It might be purely mental or physical, but when someone within earshot says "i'm in the mood for a Reuben" that list springs into action.Scott's Generations is at the top of that list, for sure.I've never ever had sandwiches, nay sammiches, quite like this. But, being from California I've never had the pleasure of an authentic Jewish Delicatessen either. Our table ordered a half-and-half Reuben, a jumbo philly cheese steak, and my order, the James Cagney: a beef brisket sammich on an onion roll with coleslaw and some amazing chunky fries on the side.My mouth is watering purely from the memory... My friends and I each kept half of our respective orders, but cut the other halves in two so that everyone could get a taste of everything. The cheese steak wasn't bad, but I've had better. My brisket was GLORIOUS, and I savored every bite. I even got up to grab some mustard for accompaniment but it went unused since it was so perfect and juicy. I have to say though, that the quarter piece of the Reuben I tried was definitely my favorite thing on the table. AH! IT WAS SO GOOD!Not only can Scott's build a perfect sammich, they back it up with stellar service and great attitudes. It was a little pricey, but I also felt that for the price you got a TON of food! I'll be back soon. and again. and again and again, with friends.
I've been a fan of U.S. Egg for a while.  We usually come here every time we're in the Pheonix area just for their awesome breakfast.  They have an extensive menu with all the basic breakfast stuff, but they're known for their skillets and also their amazing protein pancakes that are an healthier alternative.  They have good options if you don't want to pig out and their food over all is really good.The wait on the weekends is ridiculous, but nice touch offering free coffee for those waiting to be seated.  We had a fairly large group and the service was rather poor.  Honestly, I expected a lot more in terms of service.  It's not like they didn't know Saturday mornings get busy.  They need to hire more people.  The service was so non-existent at times where we had to get up and find them to get certain things like place settings, refills, etc.  It was rather annoying.  At one point our service explained to us they were waiting for clean cups so they could pour our juice.  Really?  You're an established restaurant and you don't have enough cups for your patrons?  Note to U.S. Egg owner.  I've made a shopping list for you:- Hire more people for the weekends.- Don't be cheap.  Buy more cups.
Simply the best. I'm pretty much in love with this tiny, hole in the wall Vietnamese stop.  In a small strip mall near ASU West, not many other Vietnamese places can compare in my opinion. For those of you who love Cyclo, I'm convinced it's b/c of Cyclo's cute interior vibe. It shocks me they consistently win so many Valley awards. Pho Avina is 100 times better, 50% cheaper, and has about 10 more offerings of pho than Cyclo....among many other things.Ok enough of comparing...I would highly recommend one of their Banh mi (traditional Vietnamese sandwich). They have the specialty bread delivered daily from a local bakery, so these disappear FAST! The yummy pate is truly what makes this delish. Being from WA, these sandwiches usually aren't hard to find, but I've noticed in AZ it's a lot trickier to locate em.The best pho ever, consisting of a large portion. Pho Avina also has great appetizers...I haven't had too many of the entrees b/c usually when I go, I'm craving pho. Lastly, they have a good selection of Boba (tapioca) flavors (I personally prefer mango) and desserts....oh and don't forget the Thai Iced Tea...a must here!Friendly friendly service, everytime we go we are greeted by the owner, who couldn't get any cuter....Please try!http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dining/articles/0613phoavina.html
I give this place a 3.5. I went here a bit ago for reverse happy hour. I had gone to RA on Mill Ave once, a looong time ago. I remember thinking it was good before, but I think it's just cause I was not so widely exposed to sushi and plus, the ambience - being on Mill, with friends, during college, and the beginning of a night out - was what made it fun. So, going to this location was all right. The sushi was decent, nothing too special. I did however enjoy the drinks. They had the ingredients available to make my drink, a Geisha Flower. And surprisingly, other sushi joints don't have some ingredients so that's what made, hence the 3.5 and not just a 3.
From reading these previous reviews, I chose Bar Smith as the rendezvous place for my birthday.  I had never been there and I live downtown...so I wanted something close and cool.  This place looks great from the outside too.  Turns out that the experience sucked.  They list their hours online for Saturday as open 4pm-2am.  I told my party to show up at 8pm.  When we got there, they were not open and they told us that they wouldn't be open for "a while".  They acted like we were idiots for showing up.  It really pissed me off.  Thankfully they let me put a sign on the door directing my party next door where we waited at another lame bar.  When most of my party showed up, we bolted for Bikini Lounge.  What a bad start for a b-day night.  Two thumbs down for Bar Schmutz!
Utterly superb customer service!There must be at least 47 employees buzzing around like bees.  I was startled by an offer to "help you right here sir!" only seconds after entering the front door, before my eyes had even adjusted to the change in light.Awesome menu offerings and wide selection of choices.+ Fresh not frozen burgers with lots of customization available. + Tasty desserts =Great American Fast Food
Came in for a coffee mug tree, but walked out w/ salad plates and bowls (selected items were 20% if I bought four or more!), and beautifully-delicate champagne flutes and Burgundy wine glasses (two each, and German-crafted).  A few days later, Mom and I went back to exchange defective bowl and plate, and we walked out w/ a set of espresso mugs and saucers and a vegetable/fruit peeler.  The register line tends to get long, because a specific clerk, while very friendly and accommodating w/ answering questions, forgets to ask her fellow teammates for assistance.  Kindly ask if it's possible to open up other registers and someone will assist!
I wanted to put Sonic on the fast food plateau that I find In N Out to be. Certainly Burger Puke and McVomit know where they are on the chain of chains. And I love the car hop style allowing you to peruse the menu and hit the red button when you're ready while enjoying some Depeche Mode or Pet Shop Boys. The chili dog is sad. No snap. Just a sad soggy ass dog in a sad soggy ass bun. The burgers are OK. One up from the King and Ronald but well below In N Out. Tater tots. That's what I like here. Mmmm... But the onion rings. NO. It's like they added vanilla to the batter and they end up tasting like Febreze Rings. Gross. But the beverages are top notch. Strawberry Limeade always hits the spot. I don't crave 'em like I do my In N Out burgers, but when I wanna feel like Ralph Malph or Potsie at the car hop with Richie and The Fonz, I pull my wheels in to Sonic.
Best Pizza in town! Great atmosphere and speciality authentic Italian fare. From the illy coffee to the biscotti. Bellisimo!
I love Paradise Bakeries everywhere else, except for this one. We stopped by for breakfast during the holiday season. The muffins were dry and tasted worse than the ones they give you on the flight, the tea was yuck and the croissant did not look or taste fresh. Have had better. Will not be getting my future breakfast fixes here before a trip from Sky Harbor.
I don't think Capital Grille is all that...For the prices, you expect the BEST service, quality, atmosphere, etc.  And the handful of meals I've had at Capital Grille have been fine, but not worth the $$.  Most recently, 4 of us went to celebrate our friend Jack's birthday.  I was impressed to see that they had graffiti on the table and a card for the birthday boy, but I was less impressed with the rest of the meal.  We did enjoy our appetizers (calamari, prosciutto wrapped mozzarella, lobster mac n cheese, fresh oysters on the half shell, and a Caesar salad).  The oysters were actually the highlight of my meal.  I should've just had those with a glass of the Sauv Blanc and called it a day... but instead, we ordered more food!  Each couple split a sirloin (none of us loved it even though the menu describes it saying "You won't find a more flavorful steak.")  We also had a side of corn and a side of mushrooms... I guess we did have a lot of food!On top of that, the birthday boy chose 2 desserts for the table: the strawberry cheesecake and the keylime pie.  We didn't even make a dent in either as they were nothing to write home about... and the waiter brought a candle out after the fact.  So, $300 later, we walked out the door saying how much fun we had with our friends but that Capital Grille, sadly, is quite overrated.  At least the dogs will have some leftover steak for the next few days, but I won't rush back to Capital Grille anytime soon, especially if I have to pay!
Just opened recently , way up in No Sco  is a new place to get  your local on. While not as Tasty as Old Town Farmers Market it still can give locals a fresh taste of clean local flavors. Currently they have  about 20 vendors outside with crafts, foods,salsa,  breads, and Torched Goodness Brulee Truck ..stop by there for sure. Inside a large store front they have about a dozen more vendors with produce, eggs, grass fed beef, salmon, honey and  horseradish . My favorite is produce form Simple Farm  their eggs, herbs and veggies are delightful and displayed with French Country Charm ..  Another hit is the Crows Dairy vendors who bring local goat milk to a fresh tasty level with not only goat cheese but  a sour cream product called Buckeye Breeze,as well a  marvelous Feta  that makes recipes pop.  Stop by if you are near and get a taste of what North Scottsdale has produced.
After hitting Lobby's again yesterday for about the 40th time, I just want to reiterate how yummy the burgers and the chicken sandwich are.  Not to mention the best frozen crinkle-cut fries you will ever get at a restaurant.Sitting there Pavlov-dogging while waiting for my mouth to finish the current bite of the burger so I could take another bite, I said to my daughter, "Anyone who thinks In-N-Out burgers are better than THIS needs to have their taste buds scientifically tested for functionality."  Or something very close to meaning that, anyway.I usually get the grilled chicken sandwich (full ACTUAL chicken breast, not a patty or a processed hunk of grossness but a real boneless breast) with the hot peppers and it is totally delish.  Huge piece of tasty grilled meat, never dry, never overcooked, never "scary pink" in the middle.  Just right.My recommendation to anyone who has a bad experience at Lobby's is to go back and try again.  I'd bet my bottom dollar it was a rare occurrence.  Like I said in the intro, after about 40 visits, my kids and I have had nothing but excessive bouts of yumminess when visiting Lobby's.  My 15-yr-old son has eaten at most of the good burger joints in town, and Lobby's is the burger he asks for most often.In-N-Out has it's place in history, and for good reasons, it does good business.  But I've never had anything there which even closely approaches the flavor and juiciness of what Lobby sells.  And the fries?  Not even a contest.  Frozen crinkle-cut fries at Lobby's are better than those starch-sticks which In-N-Out sells for fries.Is it "gourmet foodie" quality?  No.  But it doesn't have to be that kind of burger to taste great.CAVEAT:  My opinion obviously means no more than one person's educated opinion.  So please don't jump on my case for dissing In-N-Out.  They have their place in the fast-food chain.  But Lobby's is in a different class.
Salt levels are high enough to be legally classified as a food preservative!I got the double fried noodles with pork, shrimp and vegetables.  Well, they DROWNED the dish with enough salty sauce (maybe 1.5-2 cups) to make it more like a soup than anything else.  Also, It was a struggle to find more than a few shavings on meat in the dish, disappointing.  I'm pretty sensitive to salt in my food because of my blood pressure and my best estimate is that this one dish probably had 5,000mg sodium in it.Ambience - I appreciate the effort to be helpful, but we were brusquely interupted 9 times during our lunch.  Come on people - if my water glass is empty then discreetly fill it up, don't ask me LOUDLY if I want more water while interupting my conversation. At that point, you're not providing good service, it's just amateurish crap.Would I go back? If I did, I'd order something very lite on the sauce, but then I'd discover that I'd ordered a meat and veg dish with minimal meat and veg.  So, what's the point coming back?So PF Changs - BFD that you sponsor a marathon!? - what good is that when you make people sick afterwards with your insanely salty food, eh?
I had been hearing about this place for quite some time now so I had to see what all the hype was about.  Oh what a time I had!  This restaurant located on the bottom floor of the hippest hotel in Central/ Midtown Phoenix sure doesn't feel like a typical boring hotel eatery.Upon walking in I noticed the exposed beams and concrete flooring which added a sense of urbanity.  Definitely had the laid back, cool vibe I really wasn't expecting.  I really just thought this was just some Mexican restaurant that I had to try.And as far as the food...oh wow...I had the Carne Asada Beef Torta and chips & salsa.  The torta(aka sandwich) oozed with local and fresh flavors that were well put together.  Chips were crisp, warm, and delightful.  The different choices of salsa were not typical of other Mexican restaurants and all were flavorful making me to want to eat every chip.Great food, concept  and location.  This place will do well and I will be back many times to try other items to see if they are as great as what I have already had.
There are two types of experiences you can have here; very good personalized weekDAY service, and very rushed and sterile crappy weekEND service.Most recently my mom and I came here on a Friday, we made reservations and were seated right at the reservation time. It was very busy so I definitely recommend the reservation.Our server was nice and smiled a lot but I have no idea what her name was and she had the personality of a beer coozy,  helpful but not necessary. She was obviously very busy because we were greeted by one person, had our drinks dropped off by someone else, she took our order and then another new person dropped the food off. The food was okay. Nothing amazing, but good. We ended up taking some home as leftovers. If your dish comes with a sauce that you would like to take home, you have to ask them for a separate container, they only bring you the one box for everything.About $25 each for one entree and one glass of wine. I'm not rushing back any time soon.
Love love love shopping here!  This is a newer location, and I finally came in here today.  Food prices are low, produce is wonderful and they have a great food bar to eat from!  Place is clean and parking is ample.  Will be back in the future!
Well I finally tried this place with a friend of mine. I was kinda interested to see how this would go since I saw that it had opened. They let you choose your own soup base, the type of noodle and the "toppings" you want. Well I didn't really know what to pick. I didn't any explanations as to what kind the soup bases were; I had to google them on my phone. And for me, the soup base is the most important part so I know what sort of toppings I wanted. So, I sort of just winged it. While my friend went with one of their soups from the menu.Well, his soup was served first and upon looking at it, it looked like it was lacking, just things in general and was getting worried about mine, which came out a few moments afterwards. Looking at mine and looking at his, I found mine to be very full - full of noodles, veggies and toppings while his, well as stated, was lacking. Well, I can't say I loved my soup. I found it missing something, maybe if I knew more about their soups bases, I might have been better equipped to make choices. The soup didn't suck, but it wasn't as awesome as I wanted it to be. I don't know if I'll be back anytime soon, but I'd probably try it again to see if it gets better.
I was part of Kristen's group and for me the Bomberos experience is a good solid four.Despite the the incident with the log- we were finally sat inside with is a little dark and set up for conversations. The patio was nice but is a little cramped. The live music that was being played was a little loud for the size of the patio. As for the menu, my panini was good, not stellar, but I was just glad to have something of substance. The wine list was unfamiliar and we took the suggestion of the waiter for La Playa and seriously that wine (and the company :) ) made the night. Bomberos has a lot of potential and I will definitely be back, even if just to pick up a bottle of that wine!
This place is deeefuckinglicious! I would possibly donate a limb to the cause if it meant I could transplant this place somewhere in downtown or mid-town Phoenix. Though, if I'm being honest, that might take away from some of it's charm and thankfully I have family in the neighborhood so I'll make the drive. The food, in a word, fantastic! My brother and his family introduced us and are frequent patrons of this place and it's obvious as to why. It's a foodie paradise in the way of quality and you just don't see that with deli style dining very often. The Warm Proscuitto Wrapped House Made Mozzarella that we started our meal with is a great example of what I'm talking about. They appear to take great pride in ingredient quality and execution, and it didn't stop there. I enjoyed a half Roast Chicken Breast w/ Sautéed Onions, Tomato, Bacon, Melted Swiss, Lettuce & Tomato Aioli on Ciabatta and a side of Free Range Chicken & Sweet Corn Chowder. It was as good as it sounds. I also tried a couple of bites of my fiance's Roast Beef & Melted Pepper Jack w/ Caramelized Onions and roasted peppers which gave me an immediate case of order envy, something that is definitely not new to me. What can I say, I like to eat!The waitstaff was friendly and the service was excellent. We were greeted immediately and the servers timing was on point. The wine menu is impressive, even offering some local love such as a few varietals from Arizona Stonghold and Page Springs Cellars. The beer menu while small, has a few quality (and local) offerings and is varied enough to satisfy most everyone. The Deli also offers up some unusual and interesting ice cream flavors that I'm anxious to try on my next visit, which will be soon. I also look forward to checking out 'Poppy's Place' which is a cute little bar affiliated with The Deli and conveniently located right next door. Go once and go often! The Deli is well worth the drive!
Are these supposed to be cupcakes, or freestanding globs of frosting and...sprinkles?I've never gone into Sprinkles, but my coworkers have brought their cupcakes in on several occasions, so I feel like its fair to review their treats.  And I'm not impressed. The cupcake part is so flimsy and weak, it practically toppled over from the four inches of frosting on top of it, each time I've picked one up. The cake tastes -- really boring. No flavor, other than some sort of weird preservative-like taste (is this from the grocery store bakery? No? Then why does it taste like it is?). I've tasted a vanilla and a chocolate and they both tasted like that.The frosting is yummy, but I ended up throwing away most of it.The worst part about these cupcakes is that, after eating them, both times, I've had a major, major blood sugar crash about two hours afterward. WTF? That doesn't happen when I eat other sweets... just how much sugar is in these things?
Oh Boy. This could be grounds for divorce as my husband loves Delux, but I just can't give it more than three stars. Why? INCONSISTENCY. Don't get me wrong, I've had 5-star nights at Delux but I've also had 2-star nights so here I stand.The beer selection is fantastic, the wine list is okay and  the menu is simple and what you'd expect from a burger joint - burgers, a hot dog, salads and few apps but there's just something missing for me. The service is okay. I don't think we've ever had exceptional service at Delux. It's always "okay" or "good." I like the community table (although I wish the seats were more comfortable) and the outside patio is good when the weather is nice (if you can get over the fact that everything in Phoenix is in a strip-mall and you have views of the Safeway parking lot).Overall, if I'm going to spend $60-$100 for a beer, wine & burger night with my husband - I want it to be spot on and unfortunately, you just can't count on Delux for delivering that all the time. If you're in the area looking for a burger joint with a good vibe check out Zin Burger at the Biltmore Mall.
Well, what did we expect. After all, we are in an airport. But wait, now days airports are offering some pretty tastey food. Not in Terminal 3. Not at Sky Harbor. Not on this day. I'd say maybe we picked the wrong things, but as I looked around, not only did things not look so appealing, the guests were definitely not members of the clean plate club. My turkey club came with a lemon garlic mayo (yuck I say) and was served on a thick ass hoagie roll with 2 thin pieces of microwaved bacon, 2 thin pieces of processed turkey (think Lunchables) and a disc of american cheese. More bun than stuff easily. Rickie ordered the Philly Cheese and we quickly renamed it the Silly Cheese. Again, way more bread than the good stuff. The fries were so so but the pickle, well thank God for that pickle, cuz it sustained me through the first screaming child on our flight (see review below...if you're brave enough). I settled for 1800 as they didn't have Patron. Rickie settled for a Dos XX as they didn't have any vanilla vodka nor Franjelico (some of the fixins you need for his fave drink - updide down pineapple!). Our server, a bit stand offish at first quickly warmed up to us as she realized we were fun gay guys at the beginning of a trip with vacation money burning a whole in our Diesel jeans. A couple of rounds later we were singing a medly of American Bandstand hits and heading out the door for our flight. Buzzed but still hungry.
I went here with some coworkers for lunch.  It was my choice and they ended up a little annoyed with me since the service was very slow and the food was not cheap.  So, not the best option for a work day lunch but I would consider coming here again in the evening.  I'd enjoy some of their yummy tacos with a beer on the patio if the sun was already down (there is no shade). Or else something from the dinner menu with a glass of wine in the swanky bistro.  I'll give them another shot but they are definitely on my coworker's "no" list.
"A-OK" describes my feelings for Yard House fairly well during their late night happy hour, though it lacks a bit of enthusiasm that my brain interjects into the phrase.  It's probably a wobbly 2.5 stars. Walking in for the first time, I cringed.  Walking in on my second visit resulted in the same unconscious reaction.The booths are huge.   Mammoth.  Think "I could crowd the entire Brady Bunch into this booth and still have room for the Partridge Family" huge.  Apparently these tables are necessary for the giant crowds of sports fans they receive, but when it's two people swimming in this gigantic space, it feels a bit awkward.They offer four types of cider -- Wyder's Peach, Pear, and Raspberry, and Woodchuck Apple.  I'm not a fan of Wyder's, at all, but it's definitely better on draft and the pear is a decent option.  Woodchuck draft is always a good choice if you enjoy the sweeter type, however, I'd certainly prefer pear to apple.  Regardless: $3.50 during happy hour, and it's hard to find a better price than that.I've never tried any of the entrees, but the half priced appetizers (almost reasonably priced for the quality!) have been pretty good.  The sauce on the Jamaican chicken wings gets a thumbs up, the pizza was much better than anticipated, and I definitely enjoyed the chicken lettuce wraps.I doubt I'll ever feel comfortable here, but it's certainly a place I would return during the right hour of the day if invited by good company.Side note: Who is answering the "Alcohol?" question on the survey as "None"?  Twelve people have given this response.  Don't you realize that we're living in a post-ironic era?
Sour Topping.  REALLY?  You charge me $14 for a "Chuy's Chimichanga" and you serve it with sour topping?  I so wanted to make this a good review, or at the very least, a decent review, but I guess I'm gonna have to settle for a fair review.About 15 years ago, Ajo Al's was a decent Mexican Food place.  The didn't push any boundaries, and you could count on getting a good value for your money.  I dined here on almost on a weekly basis for lunch or dinner.  Since then, my life has taken me further east geographically as well as metaphysically and I guess the old adage that one can never go back is proven true by Ajo Als.The wife and I were alone this Friday evening, and I've been jonesing for a chimi for a week now.  The opportunity to quench that thirst appeared with the thought of going to a place we've ignored for so long,  Piling into the rod, we tooled down Camelback toward the west, noticing the changes at Town and Country and the Collonade along the way - notes for future dining opportunites :-).  Arriving at Ajo Al's, I notice they've built a new facade in the years since, or they've repainted, or it's been a heck of a long time.  The parking lot was about two-thirds full - this was my first clue.  We were seated quicklyin a booth, after refusing a table when there were like 5 booths available.  There was a raucous crowd at the bar, as this was happy-hour.  The chips and salsa arrived immediately, water and menus shortly after.  The chips are crispy, thin, lightly salted and fresh.  The mild salsa is your basic tomato sauce that rested near a can of chiles at some point in it's life, and the Hot Sauce was definitely hot, with an immediate tartness of red-chile and a nice followup burn.  The drink special was something called a "Coronarita" and the waittress described it like a margarita with a Corona beer poured into it.  GAK!  That sounds absolutely disgusting as I asked the waittress if they cut you off if you cannot pronounce the name.  I ordered iced tea for me and Modelo Especial for my lovely companion.  For dinner I ordererd the only Chimichanga I could find on the menu, described as stuffed with steak and served enchilada style with sour cream on the side.  I also asked for all beans instead of the usual beans and rice sides.  My companion ordered the Ono Fish Tacos.When our food arrived, the first thing I noticed was the sour topping, not sour cream.  Even for sour topping, this must have been the bargain brand, as it was a consistency of melting jello, but it was white.  Flavor was non-existant.  I broke into the chimi that was glazed with a nice green sauce and a few shreds of lettuce.  It was hot and aromatic, and I was three bites into it before I got any steak.  Worse than that, it was skirt steak.  As in, some clever marketing genius thought, "Hey, if we use the fajita's in the chimi's we don't have to make machaca, or shred anything and it's really multi-purposing our base ingredients!"  Bad choice.  The skirt steak was tough and chewy and the only real flavor was the marinade flavor that struck me first as soy sauce - an odd ingredient for "Mexican".The wife loved her fish tacos.  She said they were flavorful and fresh, and came with a couple of sauces, rice and beans.  I thought the tacos looked plain and industrial-quality.  However, we both agreed that the beans had a good, savory flavor.  The service was adequate, the noise from the happy-hour drunks in the bar was obnoxious and the restaurant never got more than half full.  On a Friday night.  I remember the day when you had to wait 45 minutes for a table on Friday nights.  But that Ajo Al's is gone and the imposter in it's place is hardly the same.
I first learned of Hana from a friend of mine, but could never have the sense to say the name of it when asked out to lunch by random friends posing the age-old question "Where do you want to go to lunch?" Today, I remembered to say it.I'm going to call this part one of the review. Today was my first visit to Hana. The second part will be tacked on at some later date and this is why: THEY WEREN'T SERVING SUSHI. No. Really. Srsly. Being a brand new restaurant, apparently only one person (the server called him the "Sushi Rock Star") has been employed behind the counter rolling up sushi! I hope Hana can audition some more rock stars because I am anxious to audition a tuna roll.The pork ramen had to suffice and it was served in a mammoth bowl at a temperature not unlike our galaxy's sun. After about 10 minutes, it had cooled off to the point where I could taste it and it was very good! Much better than those 73 for $1 jobbies at the grocery store.The atmosphere was dark, and facing the door it was a bit distracting. It was kind of like being in a dark, seedy bar and having someone stand there with the door open... I imagine. The service was excellent and the server friendly. I felt sorry for him having to tell subsequent customers that they weren't serving sushi. It's kind of like going to a luxury car dealership and being told they only have Yugos. But hey... even rock stars need a day off.
Ah it's OK.  Nothing more, nothing less I am afraid.  It is clean and modern looking.  As Morgan said the team members were young and cheerful, kind of like cheerleaders.  Ordered the regular burger with fries.  Seriously it was competent but the patty tasted pretty flavorless, I am sure they are frozen patties.Had more hopes for this place that was a coffee shop about a year ago.  Maybe next time I'll try the chicken club?  The burger was forgettable.  I would not go out of my way to eat here again, that is for certain.  Some seasoning on the burger may have helped?Food: averageLocation: chronically doomedService: high school cheerleaders with their first jobAmbiance: pleasant but sterileWow factor: noneParking: OKWould I go back?  Meh.....
I hated Greek food, until I tried this place. My "health nut" girlfriend had to drag me to this place, kicking and screaming. After all, my long ago experiences with Greek food consisted of soggy grape leaves and poor little baby lambs. On my first visit, I ordered cautiously: a grilled chicken pita with French fries lunch platter. The chicken was well seasoned and the pita bread nice and chewy. It was filled with fresh tomatoes, lettuce, red onions and served with a side of delicious tzatziki sauce (refreshing cucumber yogurt). I couldn't believe how much I liked it! A few days later, I dragged my husband in, kicking and screaming like I had done before. Surprise - he loved it too. In addition to the pitas, this time we ventured out (a little bit) and ordered some different items. The Greek fries - wonderful golden crispy fries covered with both feta and Parmesan cheese and a tangy lemon mustard sauce. And the Greek salad, a tasty blend of lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, red onions, peppers, olives, topped with feta cheese and tossed with a creamy Greek dressing. Since then, we've eaten here many times and continue to explore and expand our menu choices. So far, so good. Now it's our go-to place for healthy eating and also if we just want a fun atmosphere. There's music and often Greek dancing in the aisles and sounds of "OPA!" coming from the kitchen. Nothing better than to sit back with a pitcher of Sangria, a good meal, and enjoy the fun.
Well... usually I excuse poor service to a certain degree... but our last trip to the Orange Table was remarkably bad as far as service is concerned. We waited nearly 20 minutes before someone came over to our table... and as many of you know this is not a big place! Then when our waiter did come he just kind of stood there and said "wassup". For a second I thought I was going to have to spell it out for him; "Well, we just came here to eat some food, which is what we're attempting to do right now". Thank God the food is still great... so for now we're only gonna downgrade Orange Table by one star down to a three out of five. Our burger and sandwich were damn good... as was our cream soda; but the highlight of this visit without a doubt the fact that our waiter is a glorified Youtube/Reality TV star (well, not in a good way... and I guess I'm exaggerating quite a bit when I say 'star'). Anyone remember that episode of Cheaters where the goofy dude with the mullet had this uber-attractive girlfriend only to cheat on her (Not very helpful... I guess this describes a lot of episodes of Cheaters)? Anyway, the dude gets interviewed and spouts off this gem:"I do chicks man... that's just what I do". ...he then spouts off all sorts of other nonsense, trying to show that he is the man of all men, which he clearly isn't. The clip was featured on The Soup and a bunch of other shows and was cringe inducing because you wonder how a mullet sporting piece of white trash could nab the type of girl he was with... and not only that... but find more women to cheat on her with, it's only shit you could see on crappy reality TV. Anyway... that dude now waits tables at the Orange Table and was our waiter the other day. So now you know at least one reason why the service isn't exactly grade A.
Bought by corporate Landry's (and the Camelback location closed) this former steak giant is headed south, and fast.What do you think about when you think, "Morton's"?--strangely tan vinyl booths (yes, I've seen them in Chicago, and I finally get it)--sinatra standards--bow ties--to be shown what a beefsteak tomato looks like (from the cart)--to be shown what a life lobster looks like (the poor kiddo)--to be shown what a porterhouse looks like (oh, YUM)--crabcakes--AND THE BEST DARNed steak you can get in town, _no matter the cut_--don't forget the sprigs of watercress, my favorite.But Landry's isn't having it. A multi-million dollar brand is taking a new direction:#no more Sinatra#no more cart#maitre'd has no tux#limited Champagne options; $160 Tatt is a plain ripoff.Steakhouses are a dime-a-dozen these days and with Eddie V's nearby putting on the Ritz with live jazz and magnums of the Heitz Martha's Vineyard _besides great steaks_, Landry's Morton's won't be here for long.
We went back today to try the Duchess of Bedford's Formal Afternoon Tea....truly sumptuous! It is served on a 3 tier stand ..... the presentation is  really amazing : ) We were lucky to get a seat as there were only about 2 tables left on the front patio. It was great to see it so busy as well as to see everyone enjoying their tea and sandwiches!We had to order the Paris Tea once again as we had been craving it since our last visit. The staff as last time were wonderful and we picked up yet another little item at the gift store.
Mom's Day.   Dad's Day.   Let's just make up one and call it Black Bear Diner Day, and I'll gladly go for breakfast, even if I have to endure a little wait.The orange juice is freshly squeezed, comes in a large glass, and  tastes like cutting an orange in half and making sweet oral love to it.The food is really good.  Everything except the bear claw, ironically, but really, everything else, from fresh fruit, to griddle items, to biscuits&gravy, to even a cheapo steak & eggs has been certified as yummy by either myself or a close family member anywhere from kid to grandparents.  Service ranges from acceptable to nice and friendly, and with the tiny bear paws running the length of their kooky suspenders as part of their uniforms, you hardly even notice most of them have freaky punky tattoos up and down their necks,etc.Breakfast is a 4.5 over several occaisions, and I'm factoring in one late lunch experience at around a 3.75-4.Black berry shake is a fizzle to the -ive point oh, fo' sho'
The food here is good basic Jewish deli food.  I especially love their bagels but, had to walk out tonight as five people behind the counter couldn't get to me in over 15 minutes.  I was second in line.  They were NOT busy at 8pm.  The people in line with me were not happy either.  Ill be back tomorrow for some more bagels.  Maybe I will have a better experience.
I don't care much for Basha's and I really can't stand Food City (see Phoenix Ranch Market), but AJ's is how the Basha family does it right.  My friend Bobo and I didn't even flinch yesterday when our total for two ribeye steaks, asparagus spears and corn cobs came out to nearly $50, because we knew we were getting high-quality grub.I don't come here often these days, probably because I used to come here all the time when I dated some pretentious A-HOLE a while back who preferred AJ's at all costs.  But I do come here when I prepare for dinner parties I'm hosting, go to brunches or just want to feel nostalgic for Bristol Farms and Gelson's from back home.You can never go wrong with ANY of their food whether its croissants or desserts from their boulangerie (which is French for "I'm a fancy bakery you can't afford, you chump"), the butcher block, pizza counter or cheese deli.But my absolute favorite part about AJ's is their wine selection and florist area.  I was gratifyingly reassured when I showed up to the home of Kristin S one day with the same exact cava, that lo and behold, we both religiously drink.  And when you're on the run you can always be sure they will have a trained wine sommelier help you in a pinch and chill a bottle for you in minutes.If you're looking to be romantic and get laid, this is a one-stop shop with the fresh fruit salad in the deli case, cheeses, wine, chocolate selection, flowers all under one roof -- plus Castle Boutique is just one block over.  Score!
I'm in love! Their brunch options are fabulous for vegans (yay for me!) and omnivores (yay for most people I take with me!). I am crazy about the Lumberjack breakfast sandwich with tofu and vegan cheese, their breakfast burrito is amazing and kept me full all day. I try to get there once a week at least and always treat myself to one of their yummy vegan desserts. The raw cheesecake is to die for, their cupcakes are fantastic (I even got some from their wonderful pastry chef for my birthday and they were a HUGE hit with friends). I can't recommend them enough!
Mutt-friendly microbrews - oh yea.Hiking with Jaek recently one evening was culminated wonderfully with a tasty ale on their shaded patio.Sure it was warm, but we were together - a boy and his dog and his beer.Beautiful, man, beautiful.
If anybody finds a better tasting and healthier soup/s than here, please contact me asap...  :DI happen to be a soup fan (I said soup, not curry damn it ! ) and this place is something that I always crave about for soups... Roasted Garlic Tomato... ooooo la la....Sandwiches are good too (except that I have not tried many)... and needless to say that a variety of bread options are enticing... its not a trend here in the States to eat bread dipped in coffee, but if you are willing to try it, this could the the place....  (apart from your own kitchen ofourse !)Overall a nice and tidy place to have healthy and delicious lunch / brunch and a cup of coffee with bread...
I am reviewing the sub side as I have never tried the Smoothie King's offerings but I can say that their counter is always busy.  The subs here are offered in various sizes on fresh bread and made to order in front of you.  One complaint I have is they smash the living daylights out of your sub when they cut it.  The meats are sliced as you order and the veggies are pretty fresh.The indoor seating here is very limited but they have a decent size outdoor patio which is really useless 4 months out of the year.  The parking is pretty tight and gets pretty hectic at lunch time.
The emperor has no clothes.  There.  I said it.  I had one the top 5 WORST dining experiences of my life eating at Durant's.  The food was average.  I had scallops that were slightly overcooked, poorly seasoned and somewhat gritty.  I tasted my fellow dining mates steaks and they were well below average compared to other steaks in this cost bracket (Flemings, Ruths Chris, Capital Grill).  And at $30 an entree I expect my food to be served without a side of attitude.  The service wasn't bad, it was offensive.  Our server was rude, sarcastic, flippant, and completely disrespectful. My husband actually got up halfway through the dinner to pull him aside and alert him that we were not happy with the service and to give him a chance to step it up.  We were quite polite and discrete about it.  The server proceeded to come back to the table and make jokes about this and announced sarcastically to the table that "he heard we were in a rush to get somewhere" and he was going to speed things up.  Um.  Wrong.  We weren't in a rush.  All we wanted was to enjoy our dinner.  It was bad enough I brought my parents to this place.  But I would have been truly mortified if I had brought a client here.  I will never go back.  If you have read my reviews, you know I am not prone to writing harsh reviews unless it is totally deserved. This one is.  Durants seems to be one of those old school restaurants that is skating by on its history and once-deserved reputation.  My advice?  Don't bother.  I can think of at least 5 other steak houses in the Valley where you will get a better meal for about the same or less money with far better service.Lets review:  expensive mediocre food, horrible service, loud chaotic atmosphere...  really?  Your still going to give it a try?  Okay, don't say I didn't warn you.
This is a new restaurant in Scottsdale, in the Optima Camelview Village on the North West side of Highland Avenue off Scottsdale Road. Their website does not give an actual address because unfortunately, the building complex's address would lead you a block north of the restaurant. Dining at this restaurant is well worth the address confusion though. My boyfriend and I went last night (Saturday night) for dinner. There is free parking in the underground garage, and you walk up the drive to street level. Nourish is conveniently located near the entrance of the complex next to the garage. The space has a light, airy feeling with plenty of shaded outdoor seating and breezy indoor seating. The menu includes seafood, meat dishes, vegan dishes, gluten-free meals, appetizers, desserts and a full bar. I got a salmon burger on bed of greens with sweet potato fries and my boyfriend got steamed teriyaki brown rice bowl with broccoli, snap peas, carrots, cashews and chicken. Both meals were amazingly good! My salmon burger had a lemon herbed aioli that blended wonderfully with the flavors. So very good.After dinner our friendly waitress suggested ice cream for dessert. I can't eat dairy, so I started my usual deflection. She reassured me that it's made with coconut milk, so we ordered it. Chocolate Chai coconut milk ice cream. Oh, yum! Just the right amount for the two of us to share for dessert. Next time I'm trying the apple pie. I highly recommend this restaurant for meat eaters and veggies alike. There are plenty of tasty gluten-free and vegan choices as well.
"Best horchata in Mesa !"That's the claim of the hospitable hostess slash waitress slash cashier."It's made from scratch, not a mix", she says to bolster her point.Me, I'm no expert on horchatas (or much of anything for that matter), but it's one of the best I've ever had anywhere. For curiosity sake I did try another horchata in Mesa and while it was good you could taste some graininess. Go for the large size, trust me.In addition to excellent horchatas the food is delicious and affordable.A good size entree with rice, beans and salad for $5.75 ?A pretty sweet deal.I had the fish tacos (very good), the beef enchilada (excellent). A generous portion given the price. I had light dinners after eating this for lunch.It seems that two people do everything here and are quite hospitable and sincere. While making claims of how great the horchata was it came across as less of a brag and more of a statement of pride.  A great, casual Mexican restaurant with amazing lunch specials..
Great food, have on occasion had issues with the service.  One of the best burgers in the valley, customers select their patty - Kobe, salmon, chicken, portobello available as optiona, bread, cheese, and customize their toppings.  I have always found their patties tender and juicy.  The first time we went to blu burger for lunch, it wasn't very busy, but our waiter ingnored our table the whole time to chit-chat with a co-worker.  After receiving our check, I waited approx 10 min for our waiter to take my credit card.  We also went to dinner on a Tuesday night at 7:30 and were told that they were closing the dining room and only taking to-go orders.  In the time that we waited for our food, the staff turned away 3 other couples.  Kind of weird to close down at only 7:30?!?!, we took it as a sign they might be going out of business soon.  Ironically, the service is much better when it's a bit busy.  The staff doesn't feel that it is worthwhile to take care of their customers when there's only a few tables.I hope Blu Burger makes it.  The food makes it worthwhile to go.  It would be a shame if the staffing/managment issues put the restaurant under.
Perhaps management has been paying attention to Yelpers. Our service tonight was awesome!My wife, daughter, and I spent a lovely evening enjoying decent Mexican food and each other's company. Our waitress was great ! Never did we have to ask for refills on anything...chips or drinks. Contrary to recent Yelps, our food arrived SUPER fast...on a Friday night...when the waitress had to traverse multiple dining rooms to serve us.Now, being at a resort, the food WAS a bit pricey...though, the price was easier to bear after 32 ounces of a margarita they call "El Diablo"...which is a top shelf margarita with Grand Marnier (as per my tip).Either way, not a bad restaurant...plus, it's within walking distance of the resort, which comes in handy after about half of that El Diablo.
T and I stumbled into this place from wandering the street festival taking place that weekend.  It's one thing to have a simple menu and get really good at it.  Well, keep working at it.Maybe I was tired from a day of paddling dragon boats in Tempe Town Lake? Maybe it was the Arizona sun?  Maybe I needed a nap? Maybe I was dehydrated?  I knew I wanted a drink.  I started with the Hoegaarden, my fave white ale that's great for summer.We eyeballed the other tables and saw some interesting dishes, but nothing compelling.  I wanted pasta, but we settled on the bruschetta, as there was no pasta on the menu.  That seemed strange to me.  The red peppers and babaganoush bruschetta, among others was tasty.  Spinach and prosciutto was good, but frankly the prosciutto was lost in the spinach, which drowned the distinctive salty flavor of the italian cured ham.My impression is that La Bocca is more of a wine bar that serves appetizers and smaller/lite sandwiches, salads, and pizzas.  If you're looking to "eat" - this isn't your place.  If you're looking to "drink" then "eat" - this may be your place.
I have been to famous Dave's before, just not this specific location.  I came here for my birthday dinner on Saturday night, and was glad that I did!Upon entering, I was warmly greeted by the hostess.  I told her that my friend and I were here to celebrate my birthday, and she asked if we wanted to sit in the bar or at a table.  I chose the table of course!Travis was our waiter for the evening.  I  belong to the Famous Dave's P.I.G. club, so I had a birthday coupon for buy one entree, get the second one for free.  I told him this, and he said that I also get a free dessert since its my birthday.  FTW! YES! Who doesn't love free dessert?!?!? I DO!!Anyways, I went with the Brisket dinner, and my friend went with the 2 meat sampler. He got the BBQ'd chicken along with the sausage.  We both got corn on the cob, 2 sides each, (I went with the coleslaw and garlic mashed potato's) and my friend got something similar.O, and the Brisket? Done PERFECTLY as always!  Juicy, tender, and o so delicious.Anyways, Travis was really warm and friendly during the evening, and they brought out my ice cream with a flaming candle on top!!!! YES!! They even emailed me a photo!!  MY LIFE IS AWESOME!!! I love you Famous Dave's and will be back 10 million more times...
I love Fez. They consistently prepare great dishes; I have been there about 20 times and never once had a bad meal. The wait staff is very friendly and they do a great job of remembering what you ordered last time you came in. A few of my favorites, the super garlicky hummus with crisp pitas, the all american Fez burger, the spicy harrissa fries mmmm yum. Last time I got to enjoy these with my dog on the patio, yes they are dog friendly which rocks.They also do a delicious brunch. The Fez frittata is great, as is their French toast, try going on a Sunday and it is half price bottles of champagne! Mimosa anyone?
I was visiting from CA... my sister and her family... she arranged a family get together and wanted to try some place fun and different as well as support an independent local business.  She called the day prior and spoke with the owner and told him that we'd be bringing a large group over Saturday morning for breakfast/lunch.  We called when we were on our way and when we arrived, they had set-up for our party of 11.  We were going to sit on the patio but with 90+ degrees we opt'd for inside.  With large glass windows we will had a pretty good view of the runway though air traffic was low.  Coffee shop style setting with fun airplane decor.  We asked for breakfast and lunch menus... large item selection on both.  Our group ordered a mixture off of each menu and everyone was pleased... generous portions.  I had a BLAT... BIG sandwich... lots of bacon and avocado... fries on the side hot out of the fryer.  Great server (Chastity)... be sure to ask her last name :-)))  Also have a kid's menu, and the younger boys were able to select a toy airplane.
I could never go Vegan. I just can't. It's not in my blood chemistry to be able to go very long without animal protein. With that said, I really enjoy Green. I don't ever think I'm getting "healthy food" when coming here it's definitely "junk food" as Ben H. said, but throughout the years, it's been a safe haven for me to go to with my crazy vegan friends. There just aren't that many good places for vegans in Phoenix-- especially for good old fashioned American food. Sure you can get vegan options at Indian, Ethiopian, and Asian places...but sometimes you just want that chicken parm sammy or that big burger that your diet or lifestyle choices must keep you from. Enter Green. Fast, relatively cheap, greasy comfort food. A little something for everyone and some of the finest faux-meats I have ever had. I really love the chicken cutlets and the steak sandwich is my absolute favorite. This is not for the weak of heart-- these creations are masterful and oily, but they sure do fill you up. Save some room though, you can't leave here without getting a Soynami--basically a McFlurry type thing made with soft serve coconut milk. It's amazing. Most of the food is around 3 stars,but I bumped it up to 4 because they're ahead of the vegan game for Tempe/Phx and gosh....that Soynami!
It looks like all of the bogus orange head 5 star reviews couldn't save this place. I saw that the sign was no longer there and the place was closed for lunch on Friday.
think you are the bossa me?icing, glazed, all sprink-a-ley? caked and baked, cream filled eclairslong johns, fritters, best bewareof your ass,  just watch it growbelly bulges, buy new clothesstil, can't get enough of you   once ripped, just ripped my pants in twoflabby arms, damn, double chinwaist & hips, which once were thinnot any more, a donut slut  waist thirty six or eight, my butt'sa set of flabby cheekscan't help myself, christ, i must eattwo or three, there every dayheroin, can't stay awayperhaps you are, the bossa me....           crave, i cave in, follow medrive to thirty seventh streetthis ritual, daily, repeatsitself, i'm heading westbosa donuts, on the leftnine pacific, standard timedrive thru, sweet, there ain't no linepicture menu, tempts and teasei'll take another dozen, pleasebuttermilks, once krispy creamwas the sweet stuff, that my dreamswere made of, came and wentbut what replaced, is heaven senta little dough, it don't take mucha dozen runs just seven bucksgrab a coffee and chow downyour nuts, no doubt, the best in townbossa me?, hell i hope notcan't help myself, i eat a lota donuts, since you cameto my 'hood, and you're to blamefor my man boobs, wedding ringno longer fits on my fat finger..i'm weak.. no self controla donut nut, cinnamon rollsplain of fancy, filled éclairsguess i'm willing, to declarebosa, you are the bossa meand for those, who don't believeme,  people, check my gutconfirmed, no if, ands, or... buffed butt.
Yuck.Went here today for lunch.  The cashier didn't give me a receipt and I didn't remember the order number he mumbled at me.  I kept sending my husband up to check to see if the food being randomly handed out was ours, there was a huge group of people standing around also waiting for their food.  After almost 15 minutes our food finally was ready, although I can't understand the delay since neither one of us got any hot food that needed to be cooked.  The large Greek Salad ($5.50) I got was horrible.  It was dressed with a red wine vinagrette (???) and was inedible.  What a waste of money.  That was NOT a Greek Salad.My husband got the vegetable plate ($9.25) and choked down as much as he could.  The sole piece of Spanokopita (?) was mushy and soggy from sitting in a puddle of some red vinagrette dressing.  The Greek olives were mushy and the bread looked stale.  We picked at our food and finally threw it out in disgust.(We went to Circle K down the road and each got Hostess cupcakes to snack on instead.)YUCK!!  I won't be back
Confession - I am remiss in writing this review.Feeney's great meal and service was an excellent compliment to a great evening with friends!  You see, this raucous bunch took the place over on a Saturday night and while we were by far the loudest table they didn't mind a bit.  From @AZvern to @audreyrlwyatt to @TheDottsyZ to @ThomasWSmith to @lupnacca to @chrissyP71 to @cutepup8191 we all had a great time and enjoyed the old school food and service very much.
This place was great!! As soon as you step in through the door you get indulged by all the wonderful BBQ smells and you also hear how others' in their table are cooking up their own meats and veggies!! What a great little spot it is!! I highly recommend it to all those BBQ lovers and Panda express fans!! This is much better and healthier too!! It was a good full that we got after consuming all our food and not a fatty full!!
Donut heaven ... what more can I say? Very fresh donuts, warm and friendly staff, spacious and sunny area for sitting and enjoying your bites of heaven while leisurely sipping your coffee. The earlier you come (preferably before 1 pm!), the greater your choices.
While I appreciate a good steak occasionally, I don't appreciate $9 baked potatoes.  I'm sorry, but if I'm paying $40 for a piece of meat, is it too much to ask to throw in the potato? This quirk has eliminated a growing number of steakhouses from my list of dining options.  I'm happy to report that Stockyards agrees with me.Although the area leaves a lot to be desired, I love that this restaurant is rich in Arizona history.  I love the building (check out the bar) and it's Old West charm.  And I love that it's still here after decades of change in the Valley.  The restaurant is quite large with several rooms.  Nice enough to dress up a little, but still comfortable enough for casual attire.  That's "casual," not pajama bottoms and bed head.  This isn't Safeway.My dining companion and I shared the Chateaubriand for Two (in other words, me and the dude I married ate a big tenderloin).  The steak was really good and perfectly tender.  It was served with the expected Bearnaise (which I didn't care for) and a house steak sauce which was better.  Also included were mashed potatoes, whiskey sweet potato mash, mushrooms, and "seasonal" vegetables, in addition to the salad, corn muffins, and biscuits served at the beginning.  A lot of food for $80!  The mashed potatoes were average (but they weren't $9), and the vegetables were a disappointment, consisting of nothing but julienned carrots and some broccoli.  The sweet potato mash was very tasty, however.  Did you know it's possible to eat sweet potatoes without marshmallows?  Crazy, I know.While I thought some of the food was closer to 3 stars, I can't help but bump it up to 4 given the overall experience.
Cool spot.They tell me the following is vegan:Rice (it's made with oil, not butter nor chicken stock like many other places)HummusPitasFattoush saladFalafelDolmasTheir spaghetti noodlesWe'll be visiting periodically when we're looking for a Mediterranean/Arabic food kick.
My coworker took me here last week and I was excited when we pulled into the parking lot. It was a bit early for lunch we were the only ones in the place. We sat down and happened to pick the table that was out of napkins doh! They had a special on the window that was pizza and wings combo for $6 I should have tried that. We decided to split meals I ordered the Tijuana Chicken sandwich and my company the Turkey Double Decker sandwich that he swears by. Telemundo was playing on 2 of the 3 or 4 flat screens there was a novela on that was showing an older woman seducing a teenager a la Desperate Housewives that made me a little uncomfortable at 11am. The server seemed a tad new as we had to ask for a few things like ketchup for our fries and drinks went dry till we ordered a nice cold pitcher of beer.  The Turkey Double came out looking absolutely exquisite!! Truly picturesque seriously the layers were so perfect and it was a great sandwich cut into quarters held together by toothpicks ugh I wanted to take a picture but I was afraid my company would think I'm a nut. My chicken was grilled in a yummy chipotle sauce and topped with canned jalapenos which their juices made the bread soggy pretty quick. I really liked the bread here!! Anyway, we were here for a few hours kicking back I conveniently had my dvd player with me and we plugged in and watched some raunchy Bill Hicks all while finishing a pitcher and having some good convos. I'd love to come back and try the pizza and wings next!
Wow.  I have been receiving emails from Sol y Sombra and my husband and I decided to check it out.  We are big fans of tapas of all varieties and the menu intrigued us.  With no reviews on Yelp we had no idea what to expect!We were expecting to go to a "traditional" Spanish restaurant but when we arrived we were treated to a very trendy lounge atmosphere.  Which, although not what we were expecting, suited us just fine.  The atmosphere is very lively with upbeat lounge music, dim lighting, couches and plush arm chairs, and loud chatter.  (What?!  What did you just say?!)   Upon being seated we were immediately welcomed by the Sommelier who selected a perfect and reasonably priced bottle of Spanish wine, one that is apparently difficult to get.  (I'm sorry, it was actually a Basque wine.)  Seeing that we were enjoying it, he wrote down the information about the wine and distributor for us so we could purchase it ourselves.There are many, many tapas choices, ranging in price from $5 to $18.  We selected 4 and it was more than enough.  Our favorite was the shrimp with garlic cream sauce.  We also had the signature Pollo Champion which was delicious and bountiful.  We also had the asparagus with crab which was a good palette cleanser between the dishes (the crab had a good citrus flavor).  Our least favorite was the crispy snail just because it didn't have enough flavor or sauce (we are so used to escargot which is drowned in garlic and butter).  We ended with the baked apple dessert which was phenomenal!  It had a salty/sweet balance which I adored.The service was great, our server was attentive the whole night and had great suggestions.  The food came out extraordinarily quickly (I'm talking 5 minutes after ordering), but we weren't rushed at all and we were able to sit and enjoy the food and experience.  All in all, the food alone with dessert was only $55 which is more than reasonable. There is ample free parking at the DC Ranch and also valet for $5 (shared with Fleming's so it's not directly in front of Sol y Sombra).  But be forewarned, it's on the second floor.Update:I've been to Sol many many times now and everytime the food is fantastic and the service is superb.  We took my little sister here (who is the pickiest eater I've ever met....the girl doesn't eat vegetables!)  and she enjoyed herself.  She was drinking soda all night and our server brought her over her own carafe of it so she could refill as she wished. Their Happy Hour is also very good.  You have to sit at the bar but they always have 5 or 6 tapas for about $5 or $6 and a few glasses of wine on special.  Definitely a nice way to unwind, especially when the sun is setting.I think that now I've tried almost all the tapas they offer (they change the menu seasonally though so it never gets boring) and I have never been disappointed.
Why am I seduced by fast food sometimes? Is it because I work in a full service restaurant and can eat wonderful food anytime I want? Or because I crave something processed that's laden in grease and riddled with sodium? Or is it because my bf texts me and says hey, pick up arby's? I order the number five for bf and see a delicious looking sandwich staring at me. I mean what a photo! Who took this photo? Annie Leibovitz? It's perfect looking. Turkey and Swiss on some fresh looking bread with plump tomatoes and crisp lettuce. How bad can it be? Well. Hmmm. So bad. You spit it out in a napkin and scrape your tongue with a pumice stone. Gargle with Listerine and vow to the heavens to limit your fast food to In N Out and the Philadelphia Sandwich Company. Arby's Shmarby's. Gross.
Location: 51st ave & Northern (Northeast corner)I don't really get the "shady vibe" some got from this location. Inside, the decor is exotic, welcoming and...unexpected. Being in a strip mall, I didn't expect such attention to detail. The Food: Fantastic. But oddly, whenever we eat AT the restaurant, the food is rave-ingly good. It seems when we take it to go, we've gotten dry, unimpressive meals a few times. Not sure what that's about.I love that they use the broccoli stalks rather than the heads. Definitely cuts the gas factor down for me.My favorite meals:* Crispy Fried Fish ($11.95) - Non-fishy tasting catfish in an awesome coconut curry sauce...mmmm...Ironically, the fish is NOT crispy but who cares?* Just tried the Pad-See-Yew Noodles last night ($8.95) and I looooooooooooooooooooved it. The noodles were buttery tasting and the fried tofu (you can choose from tofu, beef, pork, chicken, shrimp, scallops, squid, or seafood combo) was a great firmish consistency.* Thai Egg rolls ($2.50 for 2) - Yummy but they contain chicken and now that I'm vegetarian, can't have 'em.* Fried Rice is yummy and fresh... Comes with cucumbers and tomatoes which is kind of weird but refreshing.There's always plenty leftover for another tasty meal manana. The customer service is cordial and friendly.The Bad:1) Closed Mondays (weird day to close)2) No website (in this day and age, there is no excuse for this. No one says you have to get all fancy and post the menu and stuff but even if you just put up 1 cheap page with your name, logo, address and directions...)3) A few issues with takeout quality4) The mounted flat screen kind of kills the ambiance.
This is an authentic south Phoenix barrio restaurant. White folks in the dining room are in a pitiful minority, which is always a sign of good ethnic cuisine. As others have mentioned the decor is not necessarily hip, nor is the grand dining area particularly cozy, but I still liked the atmosphere. Affirming its authentic barrio status, when the waitress approached my nonwhite but also non-Hispanic self, she greeted us with "Buenos tardes. Como estan?" Having just returned from vacation in Argentina where I grew accustomed to these greetings despite my inability to speak Spanish, I quickly responded, "Buenos tardes, bien gracias." In Buenos Aires I was quickly identified by most waiters as a tourist so the conversation would then continue in English. Back here in my own hometown of Phoenix it's a slightly different story. Confusion reigned after I got out my Spanish response. She asked me something. I looked at her puzzled and instead of saying simply, "I don't speak Spanish" I reflexively said, "Como?" which of course extended the linguistic chaos at our table, because she then repeated herself and naturally I repeated my look of confusion. She probably wanted to smack me by the time we figured out what was going on. She was gracious though. The food was superb. I ordered something I'd never tried before: machaca con huevos. My mouth waters at the very thought of it. For the unacquainted, machaca is basically shredded beef. It was mixed up with egg, onions, tomatoes, and peppers, and came with a side of beans and rice. My friend had a more standard plate of cheese enchiladas and a tostada, and she also gave it the thumbs up.The service was quick and friendly. The atmosphere, though criticized elsewhere for its decor, was actually pretty interesting to me mainly because of my fellow customers. There were some large families there, from all walks of life. I'm definitely going back, especially since I live close by.
Blows/reBlowsJust like Nine05 and Fate, this place will be closed down soon.  The only difference is that this place will close even faster.  Surprising really, because Fez and Switch are pretty good.  The food and service at Bliss was absolutely dreadful.  I sat down and asked the server what the Rotating tap of Sierra Nevada was.  He said "what's Sierra Nevada?, is that a beer?"   Where the hell did they find this server?  Are you serious?  How do you not know what Sierra Nevada is??  He goes to the bar to ask what it is, he comes back and says "its a brown ale, like octoberfest"  I ask: "Is it Tumble?"  He says, "oh yeah, thats what they called it."  Ok, how the hell do you forget the name of the beer from the bar to my table, its like 20 feet!  This server is the dumbest thing ever...  I hope this kid falls face first into the fryer.   Then we ask him how a few things are:  He says, "the burger is ok, thats my style."  Then he proceeds to tell me "Well, i sold a lot of this, and a lot of that."  Look sparky, i didnt ask how sales were, i want to know whats good.  If a parade of fools came in and ordered 200 poopwiches, that makes them a good seller, still doesnt make them good!  CaPish? I ordered the Veggie Sandwich... The eggplant was soggy, the bread was burnt (see my pic)...  the carrot slaw was SO covered in garlic crap, that it was not edible.  I didnt even eat a quarter of the food.  They cleared the plate without even asking how it was.  Seriously... i cannot fathom ever going back to this place.  I wish i could give this less than 1 star.... it deserves  a -5.  Epic Fail.
This is a long one but I think you will get some good info....I hope. I had a blast at the Duce on Saturday night. However I don't think the Duce had anything to do with it. I was there to see super happy fun time burlesque show. It was amazing! The only reason the Duce received 3 stars instead of 2 is because they allowed this show to go on. Lets start from the beginning. Parking - Free valet - Awe-some! I had read past reviews that said parking was an issue. I am not sure if the free valet is for show nights only or if it's just a fix based on past reviews. Either way it's good work!Entering the Duce- It is pretty cool to walk into the outside. You really can not tell you are still outside unless you look up. The decor is old school and I love it. You order your food in the first leg of the Duce race. It's a little streamline trailer that cooks the food. When we arrived we stood in quite a line. Everyone coming in or leaving were bumping into you in line because the douchy scottsdale people decided they would stand and fist bump each other right in the middle of the isle way. I really felt like I was in Scottsdale for a minute. I mean they had tons of seating in that area that wasn't in the direct path of EVERYONE. I guess they wouldn't have been noticed as much though. Uhhh this is why I stick to Phoenix. They shouldn't be allowed in our hood! ;)Food - We ordered our food and it suuuuuucked. We got the brisket sliders and the sweet potato chips. They put brown sugar on the sweet potato chips! They need salt to balance them....not more sugar. The sliders had a sauce that was not pleasant at all...even my partner in crime did not like them and he eats anything. * read below about the horrible employee who takes your food order. Saving Grace- Pudding Cake with banana, walnuts and whipped cream on top. Oh my .... it was one of the best deserts I have ever had. It wasn't too sweet but just the right yum a yum yum. That same partner in crime is not a fan of sweets but he helped me with it. I was bummed because I wanted to try the baked apple pancake but they said they didn't have it. So I got the pudding cake and I am happy I did. Next you enter the bar area. It's your typical bar area with an old B of a bartender. Thank goodness I got the nice guy. I was able to order my drinks really quick even though the place was pretty crowded. I decided to try something different and went with a Moscow Mule. It was really good! They do not skimp on the alcohol which is fantastic for all involved. They are all made in super cute mason jars and garnished to eye catching perfection. They also use a lot of fresh fruit etc. Awesome! One of the best I have experienced. Then you move into the boxing ring/ store area. They have vintage military items and old girly trinkets. It's very cool. They didn't have any of the lights on to buy anything which I thought was crazy. I would have spent a ton but oh well. Then the show went on in the boxing ring. The show was awesome!Later on in the night I wanted a strawberry lemonade so I went to where we ordered our food because that is where you get the fresh lemonade. The same two people were there and one had 5 people she was helping at her little mixed drink bar and the other was just standing by the lemonade. So I asked her can I get a drink from you? She said in a nasty tone "not a mixed drink". I said how about a strawberry lemonade? She said NOPE you need to get it from her. I was thinking how weird that was because she was standing by the lemonade and just needed to grab 2 strawberries. But I guess I was interrupting her doing nothing. So I slid back over to the line and the nice lady put 2 strawberries in my cup and that stupid younger girl with the blackish/reddish bob brought over a glass of lemonade! WTF?!? The only reason she did that is because the bartender supervisor/manager guy had come over to check on things. I was so pissed. Lazy! Avoid Her!!!Oh, and I am dying to know why the owner was interrupting the leader of the group at the end of the show. He looked mad so it was either he was mad it ran a bit over or it was too much. I think he was mad it ran late. I mean who wants to make a ton of money and only have to stay open until 12:00am?So to sum it all up - Service terribleFood- TerribleEnvironment - Good Parking - Good
The first few times I went to Windsor, I didn't love it. There was nothing wrong, it was just... I think this place is a guy hangout. It feels masculine. Not in a sports bar kind of way, but more like a place two friends that are guys regularly go to have a beer that don't want to drink bud light at a dive. Over time, the $5 pitchers of beer before 5pm have won me over. In addition to the great happy hour, they make some pretty spectacular drinks. The Number 17 is so refreshing. Manny is a fabulous bartender. They also have a few vegan food options - a sandwich and a mixed grain salad in addition to some sides. All have been fresh and tasty. I love that during nice weather they can open the place up, and the patio is great. The bathrooms are pretty cool as well. The parking is the real drawback. You either have to valet, which fortunately is complimentary, or try to find a spot on the residential streets that won't end up getting you towed..Overall I give Windsor a 3.5-4.0 stars.
I am in love...with Zoe's grilled feta sandwich. Everytime my co-workers and I go for lunch, I always tell myself I am going to try something else on the menu...and then I don't because I don't want to cheat on the grilled feta. My sandwich is always toasted perfectly and the tomato on the sandwich helps tone down the feta just a touch. The pasta salad is my favorite of the sides to get. I tried the potato salad once and was not wowed by it at all. For almost $9 which buys a drink, sandwich, side and chips, I always leave contently full.As a warning, if you don't like feta cheese, this may not be the place for you. About 99% of the items on the menu contain it.
Oregano's is home to the Great Dessert War of '02. The skirmish began when the then named Bazookie was placed on the dinner table. The Bazookie as describe by the menu is "a 1/2 pound of Chocolate Chip dough, slightly baked in a 6-inch pizza pan then topped with 3 scoops of vanilla bean ice cream." Things started out with the appropriate amount of consideration for the other diner til the first bite was consumed. A fire was noticed in each others eye. Utensils soon became weapons. Ground was won and lost. The battleground was a deep dish pizza pie pan that was spun numerous times in order to gain advantage for the best and perfect bite. Spoon fulls of warm cookie dough were knocked down back onto the table to be taken away... It turned ugly quick. No offers of sharing or giving the last bite. It was fought for tooth and nail. The dessert was THAT GOOD. I would go back to Phoenix for this dish alone. And the pizza? It is a pizza joint, but that's not what we talk about or remember. The pizza was good, but not on the level of the dessert. Freshly baked chocolate chip cookie dough and vanilla ice cream!!!! What more do you people need???
"metro invites guests to experience rustic, artisanal and heartfelt french country cooking with influences from the american south. As much as possible, we proudly create products in house or source from purveyors that are not only friends, but reputable artisans in their own right."  Metro brasserie is the only French eatery in old town Scottsdale, though there are other competitors such as Zinc, Voltaire, and Christopher's. Stick with Metro, because here you will experience French with a southern flair. The chef is french canadian but lived in Louisiana for a spell - hence you are getting French cooking with a southern twist. If you are looking for good French farm house fare, you will find it here. From braised pork cheeks to duck breast and chicken fried sweetbreads - your taste buds will run the gamut of pickled vegetables, cold cuts, pates, and mussels.  Expect small portions on appetizers, ranging from $8-$21. Love fried green tomatoes? I do :) here you get a whole three, fried with so much cornmeal that you can barely taste tomato, but the accompanying blue crab and remoulade sauce make up for it. Dishes change seasonally, so don't come here looking for beef burgundy and bouillabasse in summer. The brasserie burger, voted best in the valley, is a must!  With sauce gribiche, smoked Visalia, and gruyere, it is a unique twist on the American fave, and it may rank up there with the most consuming passion I have ever felt for a finger food.  At $12, the consensus is it's the best burger in old town!  On the opposite end of this food spectrum is the "potage of English pea" woaw! Kevin Wooton, bartender extraordinaire, sums it up in one word: earthy. My dining companion and consummate food critic, Anthony Crain claims, "I feel like I tripped and fell headfirst into a patch of moss, perhaps there was even an earthworm in it."  If your palate is not so adventurous, head straight to the bar and stay there. I am a big fan of their lavish and inventive $10 cocktail menu. Currently, I am sipping on a raspberry presse (chambord, orange blossom honey, lemon wedges, raspberries, and soda water) many of their cocktails were made famous half a century ago, sip some nostalgia here. An old classic is the "corpse reviver" (gin 209, cointreau, lillet blanc, absinthe, lemon juice, and amarena cherry)  For first timers, bartender Kevin Wooton recommends the "ramos gin fizz" (hayman's old tom gin, lemon juice, orange flower water, vanilla, cream, egg white, and soda water).  There is a reverse happy hour after 10p, the bill is 20% off if you are in the industry. $5 recession specials are all day, such as belvedere, tanqueray, and dewars scotch.Last but not least, the breakfast menu is extensive, the late night menu is available until 2a, and you can't leave here before you have had one of their beignets with nutella and raspberry coulis.  Sweet Jesus, they are divine!Come here on an empty stomach, prepare yourself for a culinary adventure into France, and the dirty south.  And if at all possible, make sure Kevin is at the bar.  He is incredibly knowledgeable about not just the fabulous cocktail concoctions, but also the food and history of the place. Kudos for Kevin!
Recently transplanting here from Northern California, where farms and organic produce are everywhere, I got excited about going to a restaurant here in Phoenix that has its own organic farm and within the city to boot. At first, I thought I was going to have to drive beyond the city but, no, happily it's not far from downtown.We got there about 5:30pm and got a little tour of the property first, and it's quaint, rustic, and very welcoming, so of course it is a place after my own heart. I could hang out in the courtyards with a cool glass of lemonade, some of their fresh baked breads, and a good book, all afternoon.There was three of us and we ordered the Farmer's Feast which is basically a cornucopia of dishes the chef creates. For each of the six courses, each of us got our own dish, so we could sample and try each others. So yeah, if you do some math, that is 18 different dishes total. The awesome thing though is that each plate is small and I did not feel like I had to be rolled out of there.Since there are way too many dishes to talk about, on my food blog you can see almost all the food we ate. http://bit.ly/dy0AFX The fennel lemon bread was absolutely divine. They bake all the breads in this huge oven outside and so I must come back when they are baking.I would have given this place 5 stars but all three of the meat dishes we got were meh. In fact, the lamb chops I got were way too on the bloody side. But hey, they got 5 out of 6 courses on the money so that's pretty awesome.Quiessence is a great place to take your sweetie for a charming evening, friends or family who are into organics and supporting local producers, and parents or the elders visiting from out of town.
the toddy here is exceptional. i asked for a iced americano and the barista suggested i give the iced coffee a try, so i obliged and it was exceptional. just the look for it made me inquire. "how do you make the iced coffee here?" she started to explain, and i was like.. "ahh so it's a toddy". i'm all over this place now. 2.20 for a 20oz iced coffee..what?? yea..
Seriously the best damn huevos rancheros in the valley. Get them with salsa, it is so spicy and delicious, and the hashbrowns.. Forget about it!  I went today for breakfast. 37 minutes round trip. Awesome.
If Berkeley and Santa Monica had sex after an intense Bikram yoga session and then took a long shower, you'd have the Mandala Tea Room. And I mean that in the nicest way possible.A lot of stereotypes come into mind when you walk into this place: Crunchy vibe. Deep Forest-ish music. At least one thing from India on the wall. Words like "vegan" and "elixir" floating around. That said, being where I'm from, I'm used to all this stuff. Except here at Mandala there is no overpowering patchouli smell. Nor roaches tittering about. Success!We sat in the corner of the room, leaning back on throw pillows at a low table. Our friendly and warmly welcoming server, who was glowing with health and good cheer probably because she hasn't eaten anything deep fried in a decade, presented us with menus. I chose a Rooibos Chai (no caffeine)."I'm sorry. We're out."I then chose another normal-ish tea with no caffeine."I'm sorry. We're also out of that one." So apparently Mandala has 54 teas and I'm having a good knack of picking out the 4 they don't have in stock. Which was briefly disconcerting. I'm a chai and kawa (green tea) drinker by birth and all this fruity tea business that was left to choose from wasn't all that appealing to me, but I had no choice and ended up going with one. It arrived in a French press, and then I noticed a whole bunch were also on sale on a shelf next to me for $30 (talk about clever cross-marketing and insane profit margins - maybe Mandala's not so Berkeley after all). And after a few drops of organic agave nectar, the tea tasted pretty good, I'll admit.We also got dessert, which I was initially skeptical about. I got the vegan coconut cake because that meant no worries on the drive home. Esteemed dining companion had raw berry pie, which actually felt and tasted like a gelatinous smoothie. Which sounds pretty nasty, but it was really damn good. Believe me. And so was my cake, surprisingly enough (tasty, not nasty). Now, I'm not turning vegan anytime soon, but I can certainly appreciate when vegan's done well. We then relaxed amongst the pillows and hung out for a long while, waxing about life's possibilities while drunkards walked past outside, trying to find Devil's Martini. Ah, the poor souls. Trying to find their nirvana in a pair of fake mamms and the ragas of Usher and T-Pain. But more power to them...Anyway, where was I? Oh yeah. I noticed that Mandala has free WiFi, which is a  bonus for folks who want to work in a quieter environment. However, the place closes at 9 most nights, which for the laptop WiFi crowd is basically 3 in the afternoon. That, not so great.But in the end, as a place so close to some of the most obnoxious places in Scottsdale, I'm amazed Mandala's managed to remain as it is for so long. Definitely recommended for those who like tea (except apparently the teas I want) and a chilled out atmosphere smack in the middle of old town Scottsdale. I don't see myself coming here all too often, because something about spending $5 on hot water with leaves is a little hard for me to reconcile, but Mandala is still quality product.3.75 stars (round up to 4)
I would categorize this place as a glorified bar food type of place. They have sandwiches, salads, apps and drinks! I sipped a few bloody mary's since I hit the sauce the night before and they were so good. I usually don't order them or anything that isn't sparkling or straight up but they were fantastic and spicy!The 'rents and I picked at this dip plate that was so fantastic just go try it. No words. Then I dove into the crab cake sandwich. Holy crap was that phenom. It's huge too (____'s what ____ said). I had the kale salad on the side and that was freaking awesome as well. Not to say that I didn't have high hopes for this place but as a Postino regular I wasn't dying to hit this place up. Now I'm dying to go back. I love the patio. It's like sitting in someones back yard. And who doesn't love a wall full of cassette tapes? What else is one to do with their collection? Loves!!!
When we read that the head baker at Simply Bread was part of the USA team that upset the European favorites and won the Coupe de Monde de la Boulangerie in 2005, we had to check it out.  You can get Simply Bread at AJ's and fine restaurants like Binkley's but we wanted to get right to the source.They happened to be doing a promotion on mini rolls which was just perfect for us, given how indecisive we tend to be when presented with such variety.  We got:-  Walnut raisin: my favorite when done right and it was here - complex  flavor from the long fermented dough, filled with thoughtfully sourced walnuts and raisins-  Black bean and corn: savory and nice crunchy texture from the cornmeal on top - good enough to eat on its own- Sundried tomato: tasty and tangy  -  Challah twist: pillowy soft with a hint of sweetness Ah Simply Bread...  simply delicious...
The Tuck Shop's owners have done something absolutely right. They have taken a modern space within a quiet transitional neighborhood, and turned it into a hip and delicious find, that if your not looking for it, you may just drive right by. Great places, with excellent food & ambiance should be hard to find. There shoudn't be a giant blinking neon sign, you should just happen upon it because your friend told you the secret route. The Tuck Shop delivers with top quality and innovative foods filling their menu, and thats the reward for your journey.After visits on three different occasions, I can honestly say that for independent restaurants destinations here in the Valley, Tuck Shop is at the top of my list.
This is a simple addendum to my original review. Came here for the UYE, and like last time, Casey was a great host, and recommended me a glass which, once it had some time to breathe, was smooth and complex simultaneously. "Talladega Nights" was replaced by some random movie starring Cameron Diaz and Ewan McGregor (anyone?) and a good number of folks were there for Wino Wednesdays, hanging out and having a good time. Very Cheers-ish, but with wine glasses. No REO Speedwagon on the stereo this time, though. Alas. But seriously, the scene at Centro is so non-pretentious it's hard to believe they actually have wine here. Me? I seriously would be a regular here if I lived closer.Also: this time, I engaged in some food-eating. Yes! The complimentary apps (traditional bruschetta and one piece of toast with some goat cheese) were good and my chicken panini with sweet potato chips were mighty fine and tasty. Genuinely friendly service, which given some other recent experiences in this city, was definitely appreciated. All in all, a definite hidden gem in central Scottsdale. Without the "Scottsdale".
A tiny, old gas station turned sandwich shop that sits right next to Pioneer Memorial Park & Cemetery is a hot-spot for near-by state gov workers and Capitol lurkers. After doing a quick Google search of Old Station, I came across a short piece from the New Times about the history of this needle-in-a-haystack.  The building sat on Jefferson Street since 1926, beginning its life as a Mobile gas station and includes the best display of historic Arizona license plates in the state.  While you wait for your sandwich, look at the front wall and check out the array of AZ license plates dating back to 1912!  Pretty cool.  Oh, and the subs are pretty darn good too. There are approximately 30 sub variations, along with daily soup specials, fruit bowls, chips and the much beloved Rice Krispy Treats!  There is a nice outdoor patio in the back and a sufficient number of tables inside, which is surprising based on the small square footage of the place. Lunch time is busy, but the staff keep things moving and always with a smile.  They also serve breakfast -- burritos and subs. Check it out sometime; you'll get some good eats and a great sense of history in a town where history is sometimes lacking.
Taka-Takamatsu style, Takamatsu style!Heyyyyy yummy Kim-Chi!Heyyyyy some Bulgogi beef please!Heyyyyy with some vegetable Japchae!Taka-Takamatsu style, Takamatsu style!Voted best Korean restaurant in 2011!  I think I enjoyed it the second time around.  Takamatsu is located on the Northwest corner of Arizona Ave. and Elliot.  Signage is poor, but once you find this gem you won't be disappointed.  Taka-Takamatsu style, Takamatsu style offers up Happy Hour daily and some locations have a full on sushi bar.  I would recommend going to Takamatsu's for Korean BBQ.  (Warning you will smell like Korean BBQ after enjoying some Korean BBQ!)We ordered the Bulgogi beef, Japchae or sweet potato noodles, Haemul Pa Jeon or I like to call it Korean pancakes, and finally some seafood tofu soup.  Like the song, I don't know what the heck I just said!  The Bulgogi beef we cooked ourselves on the BBQ grill in the middle of the table.  Overall, we did a fine job and made sure we didn't burn off all the marinated sauce.  This was the first time I had the Japchae noodles and I thought they were pretty good, but reminded me of the Thai dish Pad See Ew.  The Korean "pancakes" were never my favorite unless it came with whip cream and strawberries and someone from a place called IHOP made it!  I think it fills my belly and that's about it.  Finally, the tofu soup is my overall favorite Korean dish of all especially on a chilly night!  The broth mixed with my bowl of rice is the best.  Steaming hot with a blast of flavors and spices; it warms my soul - Seafood Tofu Soup for the Asian soul, I'm working on the book haha! - Enjoy!
Rosita's is awesome. I lived 2 blocks from here during my undergrad ASU days and it was my favorite place to get my Mexican food fix. There's nothing better in this part of Tempe as far as Mexican's concerned so I have no idea what some of the other reviewers are complaining about. Great salsa too.
I never would have even considered eating at this bar, but my friend tried it out first and said they had awesome burgers.  I trusted her judgement and off my classmates and I went to celebrate finishing our final final of med school.  I had the Royale with bacon.  This is one of those places you don't feel hosed for buying an $8 burger; it was huge and tasty.  The fries were definitely from real potatoes and overcooked a little so they were crispy the way I like them.  And our server was very nice and on the ball, although I think we were the only people eating or at the bar area for that matter.I've also been here for libations, to celebrate with a bunch of friends while there was a band playing and I had a pretty good time.  They have a variety of beers on tap which is always nice.  They have some betting thing going on that keeps a bunch of regulars down on the lower level by the stage.  They have a separate pool room and a smoking room.  I definitely liked the separate sections of the bar. I will definitely go back if I have the opportunity!
Most overrated place in Gilbert for 2008 goes to Oregano's. The pizza sucks. The pastas are great. Especially the 6 inch Ravioli. The hostess and wait staff have been sometimes rude and annoying. If you want pizza, go to Grimaldi's. Because this place is so overrated, there is always an ungodly wait to be seated. Don't even waste your time. There are better places.
The first time I ate here last year I would have given them 5 stars, but tonight they got 1 star for the following reasons.1. It took over an hour to get our appetizer and food.  Our appetizer came out only moments before our food.2. It took another 45 mins to get our check and leave3. The waiter barely touched our tableThe only plus is that complaining to the manager is that we got our appetizer comped.Needless to say we're never coming back.
I'm a huge fan of Greek food.  I've been to Athens, and I loved it there.  And believe it or not, I like "express" aka fast casual restaurants where you order at the counter and they bring your food to the table.So, when I found myself downtown and hungry for lunch, heading over to Athenian Express was a no-brainer.  I can't say that I'll be rushing back, but it was fine... it delivered on what I was in the mood for on that day.Lunch pricing is super affordable and portions are large.  The Greek Salad was nothing special - I've definitely had better (but I've had worse too). **One key thing to note: I do not recommend adding chicken to your salad.  It's not the greatest quality chicken.  If you do go here, stick with the vegetarian options.
What a strange experience.  I went in to buy a single slice of pizza at 7pm.  The place looked closed, but the "OPEN" sign was lit and I wanted to support the local downtown Chandler shop.  (I had been here two years ago and had a total disaster of an experience.  I knew the place had to have new owners by now.)I stopped in, ordered my slice with pineapple for $2.49 and got a can of Diet Coke."$4.24." says the nice lady behind the counter.  So, I gave her my credit card.  The bill I signed said $4.94.  I thought I might have heard her wrong at the beginning, so as she heated my pizza in the microwave, I asked a man, presumably her husband, what the story was.As I suspected, they charged me extra for charging such a small purchase.  No problem, but I would have preferred to have been made aware before I used the card.So, while I wait, I pop open my Diet Coke and it had no flavor. (We have this same problem at the office.  You buy a bunch of diet soda from Sam's Club and by the time you drink it, it is like bad club soda.)  So, at first I thought to myself, I don't want to bother this guy, but then I thought to myself, "These people work damn hard, they are trying to start a business.  They would want to know that there soda is bad."So, I said to the man, "I think the soda has expired.  It has no taste."  I didn't ask for a refund and I was going to let it slide.  I just needed something to wash down the pizza.Well, this really pissed the guy off, so he turns to the woman warming my pizza and says, "Put a hold on that order!"  He pulls out five bucks out of the register, hands it to me, and non-verbally indicated that I should get out of his restaurant.Now, I was willing to put up with:- expired, flavorless soda- microwave pizza- a 20% surcharge on my bill without my knowledge.and this guy kicks me out of his restaurant!I try so hard to be pro-small-business, pro-local-guy, but this was like a Twilight Zone episode.Ironically, when I went here two years ago, I had an equally strange encounter.  Now, it is possible that the immigrant owners did not understand that I was just trying to clarify the credit card issue for future reference and my complaint about the soda was just to warn him and help any future customers.  But, I was in a bit of a hurry already and I didn't want to dig any deeper.  Honestly, I feel bad for the couple.  I'm sure they are working hard, but maybe they aren't made for the pizza business.  I hope it works out because frankly I'd like to see them succeed and having a pizza place in Downtown Chandler makes a ton of sense.
Had a great lunch here with my friends Sherry and Brandon. The two owners (I am guessing here, but father and son?) were very friendly and attentive. I had the baba ganouj pita with lettuce and tomato, and everyone else's food looked great (a chicken pita sandwhich and amazing looking lentil soup). I was throroughly entertained by a middle eastern television show (satellite I guess?), and the great mix of locals and business people. The market section is also great- you'll find loads of bottled cooking oils, spices, pickles and other pickled veggies, canned eggplant, cous cous and pastas, as well a fridge section with nice looking prepared foods. Will definitely return!
Excellent, authentic soul food.  This restaurant is an old Phoenix institution and a hallmark of our city's relatively small African-American community. If you can't guess it already, you'll figure out why it's called the "Golden Rule" cafe when it comes time to pay the bill. My cholesterol level can't afford frequent trips to this place otherwise I'd be here far more often. The gravy is yummy.
it was girls night out - dinner before going to see chelsea handler perform at comerica theatre.first thought as we entered was the place was quaint, clean, good music, and empty - we were the second table to be sat for dinner at 5:15.    we ordered drinks - all rum, by the way - a couple of the gals were shocked that a rum bar didn't serve vodka, so we were off to a great start....My Mojito Ponganot was amazing and that is the only good thing I have left to say about this place.we ordered appetizers: the oven roasted plantains - just meh and we also ordered the fresh baked patty - one tilapia and one spinach. I thought the crust was a bit on the dry side - two of us 4 thought they were good - good enough to order another one - which ended up never being served to us.the major disappointment was the one entree that we made this trip for was "sold out"  - hmmm   we were the second table to be seated - the other table hadn't ordered yet and what is it you ask that they "sold out" of - why the popcho & sweet ginger - basically baby bok choy - wow now that is an ingredient you can't find oh, i don't know EVERYWHERE.....???   we ended up eating salads - which were good, fresh, but frankly could have made just as easily at home.   the bread that was offered and not on menu and therefore assumed to come with the meal was breadsticks with a hint of vanilla - good, but 2 sticks for almost $5 - no thanks. the kicker was when we asked them to call us a cab...we sat for 10 minutes and nothing - we asked again and finally this time saw them pick up a phone.   we were then told we could sit outside to free up the table - this was after paying our $200 tab.  I have never had this occur at a restaurant.  yes, i know it was a friday night, but we were finishing our drinks, we had paid and tipped WELL and think that they could afford to have us sit there for 10 minutes waiting on a cab they forgot to call.I "might" have returned even based on the lackluster food - just for the drink, but I can certainly say after the rudeness we would never return
Getting waitlisted for a trip to the Galapagos might be easier than getting back to City Bakery.  They are NOT open on weekends and are only open for 4 hours, so I had to wait for a time that I was Downtown during the day and hop on one foot.  (It's actually south of downtown in an industrial / semi-sketchy neighborhood.)These sandwiches are AMAZING, and I mean "amazing" in a "I'm glad City Bakery's location and hours are completely inconvenient, because I would go broke" sort of way.Sure, they're upscale and a bit pricey, but what's not to like about Arcadia Farms sandwiches ($9), salads ($10) and baked goods?  While other Arcadia Farms places seem to attract a more ladies-who-lunch crowd, City Bakery definitely attracts a more downtown professional crowd, and they cater to them with minimalist modern decor and CNN piped in on TVs throughout.I couldn't decide which sandwich I LOVED better - the muffuleta, the curry chicken or the turkey brie.  If I were to choose I would have to say the muffuleta - with its nearly perfect ciabatta, savory Italian meats, provolone, olive tapenade and sundried tomatoes (which was a tasty surprise).  Shannon is right on about the olive spread -- it IS addictive.  And there are four sandwich choices for vegetarians.As if that wasn't enough they have a full menu of baked goods.  Uh, hello, this is a bakery.  With the awesome sandwiches you almost forget to leave room for the cookies, cupcakes and tarts.  I took a chocolate chip to go, because, well, I'm a sucker for cookies, and it ended up being just as incredible and sinfully decadent as I thought.MINUSES:  The bookstore and Bentley art galleries were closed when we went - perhaps that's seasonal?    We were served by a very cute and adept waitress, but the drinks did take about 10 minutes,  That would be my only complaint.  It's minimal at worst, but everything else overcame this flaw.  I'll definitely be back.
I went here about two weeks ago with a fair-sized group of my coworkers, and was not disappointed. The restaurant is a little tricky to spot and turn into, if you don't know what the outside of the building looks like...here's a brief description! It is a little red and white building, with a small, low-to-the ground sign...it's on the north side of the street, after the complex with the Chipotle and Corelone's. I see a lot of complaints about the parking, but my party and I dined during a considerable lunch rush and didn't experience any difficulties navigating the parking lot or finding a space. We walked in to find a moderately full restaurant...and only marginally capable staff. The girl at the front in charge of seating was curt and rude upon our arrival, but changed her tune when she realized we had a reservation. Once we were seated, however, the rest of the staff was great and it was easy to forgive the girl's lack of pleasant customer service and competency. In other words, don't be put off by an icy first-face, if you encounter it. A note: in order to secure a reservation, you must have a party of ten. However, they will seat you if your party has only partially arrived. Just a hint! Our whole party did eventually arrive, but they were happy to seat us with just 3. The inside of the restaurant is "hip." I liked the level of lighting inside and loved the bar chairs. Between all of us at the table, I think we tried a little bit of everything, and everyone seemed very pleased with the pricing and quality of the pizza and other entrees. I myself ordered the Yukon Gold pizza, which is very similar to the potato pizza found at Humble Pie. Just as tasty, no better and no worse, which is definitely praise considering how much I love Humble Pie's version. The pizza was a little charred, but I don't know that I've had a pizza with this kind of crust that wasn't a bit on the blackened side. I didn't see any "cougars" or "DBs," but, then again, I was there at lunch time. I mostly saw nondescript professionals and a few gabbing girlfriends with "My Sister's Closet" bags. I'm not sure that I completely understand the scorn about the restaurant being "found out" and "taken over" - are you really going to dinner to catalogue the other patrons? Weird...! I'm sure, whatever kind of person you are, you will fit in just fine.
This was one of my stops tonight for First Friday.  I didn't even notice the place, when Dottsy shouted out "OMG Tammie Coe!"I instantly creamed because I had been wanting to try a treat from here forever!It cracked me up that I walked in, the only patron, and had to give my name and order to a boy standing near the door, then give the order to the cashier to fill.  I could see if it were busy, but we were the only ones here.I got the Gooey cupcake - dark chocolate (like my men! HA!) with a creamy frosting.How many ways are there to say DIVINE?????  The first bite was moist and the frosting was just right - not too sweet or soft.  It didn't get stuck all over my lip.They have Pellegrino in a bottle, so I got that too.  There's even a bottle opener on the wall!  How cool is that?Dottsy got a brownie and I had a bite.  WHOA.  A brownie that was still mushy-gushy and melting in your mouth. Just the way I like 'em!  I can't wait to get a cake!I may (if I ever choose to breed) name my first-born (boy or girl) Tammie Coe.
A couple friends and I came here during AZ Eats. It was a chance for us to get venture to something outside of our norm (Postino's or Switch). We made reservations and showed up right on time. The place was packed and we wound up waiting for about an hour before we got a table, but we got to sit at the bar and enjoy some great wine.We each tried sometihng different and everything was great! Unique flavors, great presentation, great staff. We had a really wonderful dinner! My favorite part? The s'mores with bacon and peanut butter mouse. A-MAZ-ING
I'm with J C. on this. The chef was pretty entertaining, but not enough to equate the price I just paid. I also ordered my teriyaki steak mid-rare and received it mid-well. Husband's steak was drenched in butter and salt. One of the other patrons at our table asked for his steak without mushrooms. The chef was about to pour the mushrooms onto his plate until the dude reminded him that he didn't want them. The chef quickly redirected the pile mushrooms onto another dude's plate, which already had his fair share of veggies. What steak lover really wants extra vegetables? He didn't look pleased as he shoved them over so he could continue cutting his steak.I don't know if I looked especially pale that day to where the waiter thought I was so parched, but he was constantly bringing me drink refills. After finishing my first glass of coke, I asked for green tea, yet he brought me another coke. When he realized his mistake, he brought out my green tea and, about ten minutes later, another coke so I had two cokes and a green tea. He doubled me on my cokes at least one more time during the meal, not to mention leaving my empty green tea cup each time. I started pushing the new cokes to the girl next to me so I didn't look like I had a drinking problem. It was a nice conversation starter. Unfortunately, she drinks diet, so she wasn't very appreciative. We ended up asking the waiter why he kept bringing them and he said "It looked like it was getting watered down with the ice melting." Oh. Interesting. I guess it's better than him never bringing me refills? But not by much.By the end of the night, I should have had their birthday song memorized. Literally every single teppanyaki table had someone with a birthday at it. Apparently this is the place to go for birthdays? Personally, I'll be skipping Benihana for mine.
My friend & I just had to try this place to see what all the hype was about & to see if it was really pizza worth waiting 3 hours for? Our verdict was NO. Not sure if we are able to give a fair review due to waiting 3 hours, being starving & having super high expectations. We both agreed that we would never wait 3 hours again for this place or any other restaurant for that master. It was just ridiculous. We ordered the Marguerita pizza & although we did agree that the crust was light & thin we again didn't think it was worth waiting 3 hours for. It also seems ridiculous  that they won't seat people & serve them at the huge picnic tables outside- they could cut the wait time way down by doing that.
3 1/2 stars for dear old Lenny. I want to say that I am a fan , and it pains me to not be a fan. But after many minutes of deep soul searching, I have come to a realization . I go to Lenny's for the peanut butter shakes. there i said it. It's true. I  thought I was going because its  of its old time,   hole in the wall  flavor or the friendly neighborhood service. Because it has a charm . But I now know that  all we are  or ever will be is shake buddies.
My only complaint about Short Leash is that they don't follow me around town in the food cart, which means I cannot eat delicious hot dog concoctions all day! How unfair is that?!?Well, Amber... we all know you are a VEGAN, so why do you want to be followed around by a hot dog cart? Well, Reader... Short Leash has VEGGIE DOGS! That is right... this delicious, convenient, amazing food cart has VEGGIE DOGS!The bread, however, is not vegan. But that is fine, because they chop up your wiener into little bite sized pieces and load it up with one of the many (50+??) ingredients they have available. And when you don't get it with bread, you get two!I top my double wiener with pinto beans, sauteed onions, green chilies, jalapenos, and tomatoes. I'm going to come up with a name and have them name one special after me.Excellent customer service, positive vibe, delicious, high-quality ingredients, and I legally get to say wiener six times in 1 review!Wiener wiener wiener!
It was hard for me to believe that a non-American convenience food (similar to the Indian samosas) could become so popular in Phoenix. This restaurant gives me a new perspective, and I think that a fast-food nation could in fact get elegantly poised over a hot plate of Cornish heaven. Such is the power of this convenience food. The bangers and mash is the closest to the original recipe of the pasty and therefore is a must try. 'The Italian' is scrumptious but is not the smartest thing to go in for at a British eatery. For a more wholesome meal a side of mushy peas seasoned with salt and pepper is a good order. The decadent mix of colonial English interiors and ultramodern music weaves magic on Pasty Company customers, making them want to come back time and again.
Out in Verrado, the options are limited, very very limited when it comes to  dining (actually when it comes to just about anything).  We dined at Grazie while visiting a friend who moved to East LA (aka Verrado).The setting/ambiance and location all were very pretty, serene and sweet.  The service was pretty slow considering there weren't that many people in the restaurant but not terribly bad. The food was just another boutique pizza experience.  We order the Piata Misto (assorted Italian cured meats and cheeses)-- I've had better, the quality wasn't that great and the cheese came in all these itty bitty cubes.  then we ordered about 5 different pizzas, they were good, not great.    The dessert though made me want to do cartwheels, it was the Dolce Della Casa and I want to eat one of these everyday for the rest of my life. So, would I eat at Grazie regularly? No.  Would I eat it if I were out in Verrado again?  Yes.
Daily Dose Definitively Delivered Downright Deliciousness.While sitting on the patio with a fubar of Yelpers I kept seeing the "DD" logo with it's overlapping D's and red background and thinking it looked really familiar.  Isn't that the logo for the Marvel comic DareDevil?  You remember that right?  Occasional guest in the Spiderman series, subject of yet another godawful Ben Affleck movie?  That DareDevil?So these folks provided outstanding service (Thanks Tina!-she remembered every person by first name and even caught on when I was trying to slip my charges under Brian's name) and excellent food!  The Yelper special was a great bonus!  Thanks to Donald S for hooking up the UYE and the special with the owner!  I'm sure we made up for any loss from the special with lots of alcohol.The burger (.5 Kobe beef, .5 high quality other beef) was really good and the pretzel style bun was a nice touch.
There is certainly a certain amount of novelty attached to Yogurtini.  It's a little bit Jetsons as you pass the clear (glass or fiberglass, I don't know) floor to ceiling panel, grab a bowl and select your ice cream from multiple soft-serve dispensers on the wall. There are a variety of flavors and a little mini cups to taste ones you want to try.  Then come the toppings! It is far too hard for me not to resist getting chocolate ice cream and then smothering it with chocolate-y and candy treats.  There is also fresh fruit for people who have stronger wills than me when it comes to chocolate.The whole concept is that you fill up on ice cream and toppings and then weigh your bowl at the end...charged by the ounce.  It's not a bad plan...but then again, there is a certain novelty to it...so hopefully the novelty won't wear off.The interior is mostly mint green and the inside seating seems very mod patio-furniture, but the multiple toppings, multiple ice cream flavors, and not too horrible of a price (since you usually can estimate the weight of your own bowl) make it okay.I couldn't go here every week (but I'm not a super ice cream person), but it is a nice treat!Oh, ps, I guess I've been calling it ice cream, but it's technically frozen yogurt...it's frozen...and in my book, unless it's gelato, it's all ice cream to me!
I had been wanting to try Culinary Dropout for a good while, last night the opportunity finally struck and I was not let down. Kristen and I went with our three favorite couples to celebrate an engagement, we decided to arrive at six thirty because they do not take reservations (I will never understand why restaurants choose to not accept them). Once seventy five percent of your party is there you get a little buzzer and your name on the list.       We found our friends sitting at the outside bar and joined them for some drinks. The bar is pretty awesome, there were several bartenders, so you never needed more than a little eye contact for quick service, and they have a ton of beers and specialty cocktails on the menu, from fruity and sweet to harsh and alocoholy. The seats were fairly plentiful and comfy, and there are also lounge seats all around the bar area for the outside dining, I thought the layout and design was attractive and used the limited space wisely, I'd love to come back for an outside lunch. The bartenders and waiters were friendly and attentive, all good looking (of course, Scottsdale) and all of our drinks (from beers to martinis to fruity stuff) were delicious and not too overpriced, I mean, they were overpriced, but not quite Scottsdale overpriced. So far, so good. We paid the tab and headed inside.       The atmosphere inside is awesome. I hope to someday open a restaurant, so when I enter a new business I eat it up, I devour the place, I pick apart the ambiance, the lighting, the noise level, the architecture and design, everything, and I really like Culinary Dropout. The tables are huge, slabs of hard, rough wood, very rustic and western, it is dimly lit with modern (not too loud) music playing, there is a surprising amount of room and lots of space for big party's, they have a stage for live music (awesome), Culinary Dropout really surprised me.       I will spare critiquing each meal and just stick with Kristen and I's, but just to be fair, two in our group had the beer battered fish and chips, one had the pub burger, one had the fried chicken and two had the shaved prime rib dip, and none complained.       Our group shared both the house potato chips, which were very tasty and fried just right, and the onion dip was flavorful, not some run of the mill dip, and the soft pretzel and provolone fondue, which was fantastic. A pretzel is kind of a pretzel, they were good, soft and all, but the provolone sauce simply exploded, man it was good, creamy and tasty, you should definitely try it. I ordered the fried chicken, which was delectable, it had a great but not overdone crunch, it was sweet and you could actually taste the spices, not just the taste of the fryer, you also get a lot of it, three big, juicy, tender pieces. It came with a side of mashed potatoes and gravy which was good enough, nothing special, but only had two bites in it, and two very small but scrumptious biscuits with honey. Dear Kristen had the shaved prime rib dip which was fine, a little disappointing I guess, just not much meat, the meat to bread ratio was severely lacking, and it came with fries which were very good. If you're really in the mood for a prime rib sandwich, head to Houston's.       I will be back here for sure. I paid for Kristen and I, plus the newly engaged couple, and including drinks and all food it only came to ninety eight dollars, that is a bargain for this atmosphere and the overall quality of the food and staff. It also only took us about an hour to get seated, eight people on a Friday night in Scottsdale with no reservations? How can you beat that. Culinary Dropout is simply awesome.
This palce is SO hit or miss, and unfortunately mostly miss.  I've given it more tries than any normal person would with so many terrible experiences.  Ben the owner is a nice guy with good intentions and that's why I keep coming.  But good intentions does not a good establishment make.  Good intentions and $1.25 will get you a ride on the bus, and that's about it.If ever I had the authority to give a place 1 star, this is the place.  Out of 6 times here, 2 have been decent at best and 4 absolutely horrible.  Most of the time there is barely any service in the bar, the bartender (and the waitresses as well) will just disappear for long stretches of time.  Don't be surprised to be overcharged for any particular drink.  Don't be surprised if you are sitting at one of the tables in the bar and you have to bus your own empties.  Don't be surprised if they run out of any type of beverage, food, glassware, or even change at the bar (seriously, how do you not stock change of a $20 bill?).  If you get a message on a Friday to check out Sunsets on the roofdeck, don't be surprised when you get there and the roof is closed (and I'm talking closed for a private party and not due to fire code violations).  Don't be surprised to be handed menus and then have no one take your order. . .for over an hour.  Don't be surprised when dining in the restaurant if something you ordered never shows up, or if an app or salad shows up after your entree.Ugh.  I allowed 4 strikes for C4, but now you're out for good.
My good friend Bacon (see review below) and his partner invited me to Sunday brunch. And going off of my first impression, I'm a fan of this place. I had one of their skillets--a poached egg, filet mignon, potatoes and shitake mushrooms. Filet. Mignon. Those words alone on a brunch menu is a rare occurrence. And I would not have thought to combine it with mushrooms I usually associate with stuff my Chinese mom cooked for us growing up. But the flavors really worked. The meat was just right, not fall-off-the-bone tender. The potatoes had flavor too. And it wasn't an insane portion. $10 for a meal that includes pieces of filet mignon--pretty good deal! In such an intimate--but not totally cramped--space, you can easily strike up a conversation with the owner/chef, hostess and any other staff. All three could not have been nicer while we were there. Also, love their taste in furniture and can't wait 'til the weather improves and the cool patio will be available. Also, let's hope that liquor license comes through soon!
Yummy.  I got a crepe with mushroom and swiss cheese, soooo good.  Shared an order of sweet potato fries, only thing missing was a delicious sauce to dip them in.  I like that they have the screen up where you can watch the crepes being made for you.  They have a small stage for evening performances.  They were having a comedian that night according to the host.  Good service along with good food, can't ask for much more than that.  I will be going back to try the fondue and different crepes.
3.5 stars.After we went to the movies it was dinner time so we went across the street to La Parilla Suiza.  We were greeted and seated and then about 10 mins went by before our server came to take a drink order.  Chips and salsa had been placed on the table but no water or drink orders taken.  Our server did not seem all that enthusiastic.  She seemed as though she was just going through the motions.  I told her it was our fist time there so she pointed out some house specialties and then went to get out drinks.  I saw they had chilequiles on the menu and I love them and not many places serve them.  When I placed my order our server seemed a bit suprised I didn't order one of the higher priced specialties.  Our food arrived and it was hot and the chilequiles were good.  We were never offered more chips and only checked on once during the meal.  The food was fine but the service was lacking, in my opinion.  If I was in the area again I would go back and give them another chance.  Everyone is entitled to a bad day.
I've been here 4 times. The first time I got their egg pizza. At first I was like, what? This is going to be weird...but it wasn't. It was absolutely delicious. Breakfast on a pizza? Soo tasty! And their beer selection is impressive! I just went there tonight and got their tasty reasonably-priced steak salad. As I expected it was quite good. The decor, ambience, food, people...really a great place.But the real reason it gets 5 stars? Because of Tom, the manager. Our steak salads came out well done instead of our requested "rare." Not only did he sit and chat with us for about 5 minutes, he comped the salad and gave us a coupon for next time! We were super impressed. We didn't expect that at all nor even think it was necessary since we're not the complaining-type of patrons. But Tom showed us that he cared about his customers and wants us to come back again and again. And we will! Groovy.
How did this way cool, dinky, unassuming, independently-run gem just sit there under my nose for two years without me wandering in there? I don't really have an excuse, and after venturing in there to grab some lunch to go today, I'm kicking myself for missing out for so long. Lowdown Cafe is located at a random, non-impressive intersection of 24th & Osborn*, with a McDonald's lording over the same corner. But don't let that fool you. Lowdown is a great change of pace once you're inside. First, the place is small - probably seating room for 14 customers max, but it's got a nice feel to it. Local art, bookshelf with reading materials, and light mostly coming from outside. Next, the food. The menu is mostly a whole assortment of wraps, plus some salads and the soup of the day, along with a few breakfast items. Each wrap comes with a bag of Sun Chips and will put you back around $5 - $6.50. I chose the rosemary chicken, which included roasted red pepper, grilled eggplant, arugula, tomatoes, onion, and balsamic (I eschewed the feta for obvious reasons). The lady who's working there (she looked like the owner) took my order and proceeded to make my order along with the ones before mine. Now, the tag line of Lowdown Cafe is "For the low tech lifestyle" and after reading Sarah K's review it all makes sense. The place should be called "Slowdown Cafe" because that's exactly what I was feeling. Sure, the owner was busy prepping all the wraps, but she wasn't rushing and maniacally trying to get each order out under 2 minutes. I immediately started regretting that *I* was in a rush and had to get my order to take back to the office. Because, in all truth, I just wanted to sit there and relax with my food, and not think about, well, my high tech lifestyle for a while. So I stood there, telling myself to just chill out and take it easy. Who knew a little hole-in-the-wall that makes wraps  could put your life into perspective?As for the wrap itself, it was great. Just as good as some of the ones I've had at That's A Wrap and maybe even better. I also enjoyed a rich, dense, and chewy chocolate chip cookie. Good stuff, I tell you. The downside of this place is it's breakfast and lunch only (open 7-3 weekdays, 8-2 on Saturdays), but I'll deal with that and come here whenever I can. So 4 stars for now, hopefully more star wattage when I try some of the other wraps. Definitely recommended (but not if you're in a hurry).-----------------------------* not sure if Lowdown moved from it's original location on 24th Street (which Sarah reviewed) or if there are actually 2 of them...would need to confirm this. Looks like another trip "to investigate" is in order!
OMG OMG OMG...This was some seriously good grub!  We had a party of 30 tonight on the patio and the staff was amazing.  They were helpful setting up the party and sosososo accommodating.  The chef actually called to apologize that they couldn't make something.We ordered several kinds of Bruchetta...the Apple and Brie with Fig Jam was KILLER, the traditional tomato and basil one was so tasty it was like it was just out of the garden, there was a steak with horseradish sauce that was out of this world.  We also had calamari fried, wings and hummus which were all top notch.  Where they get their bread...I need to know!There were so many excellent wines to choose from, the water was even good as well and was served in a quaint old fashioned milk bottle.On the patio there was a musician who played a guitar and sang who is worth going back for alone!The place is well appointed has cool art, comfy seating  and nice bathrooms too...I can not say enough...you must go to 5th and Wine!
came here to watch a game in the bar...the waitress was super sweet and drinks were poured heavy and were quite tasty, but it took us forever to get our food. there were people that ordered way after we did that got their food before we did... thanks goodness for the chips and salsa!!great atmosphere for a lot of people and the patio is nice and big!! would love to come back again to give it another chance!
Remember moments from Seinfeld when Elaine and George had run-ins at the corner Jewish bakery with chocolate babka and marble rye?   Well, that experience (minus the neuroticism) can be had here in Phoenix at Karsh's. No need to go to Scottsdale or New York.  I've gone for breakfast for pastries and have been pleasantly surprised with the cookies, cakes, pies, cupcakes and bread.  The feel is just as similar.  Small digs with number pulls (the Now Serving sign is probably the oldest one I've ever seen!) and brick surroundings just like the Seinfeld TV show.  I've seen little New York Jewish ladies (ala Mrs. Costanza) inside gab, gloat and do "cawfee tawk" about the wonders of Karsh's.The black and white cookie is amazing as Curtis states.  But the other few items we had (muffins and eclairs) were just as heavenly. The black and white cookies were decorated this month in Suns garb (Go Suns!), the cinnamon rolls were good, and the cupcakes were so good and moist to give Tammie Coe cupcakes a run for their money. Also, some items are noted "pareve" for those who are lactose intolerant, and there are quite a few items. But best of all, the bagels were terrific.  Enough to give you a second thought on your Einstein or Brueggers chain bagels you're feeding to others.
Completely remodeled! So bright and open! Love it! The burger was great as usual. The condiment bar was clean with lots of fresh veggies and peppers and other fun things to top your burger. The new soda machines are so much better than the dirty fountain ones they used to have with the yucky drains. The fries are the best part. They have an amazing seasoning on them that I just can't seem to get enough of. The price... Under $10! for a burger/fries/and drink!!!! Just can't beat that. I had strayed from Fudd's for a while and now I will return all the time. What a drastic improvement. I am going back for nachos soon. They really have the best nachos, despite being an appetizer, they are  whole meal they are so huge and have so much yummy goodness on them! I also love the buffalo chicken sandwich. It is a little more money than the burgers but worth it and you can pick either fried chicken or grilled. Ok, enough ranting about how amazing this location is now with the remodel. But really, it does not look like the same place!!!!
This happens occasionally, too. Heidi E. and I are friends, but sometimes friends don't agree. Maybe it's a matter of different tastes, or even different experiences, who knows, but I have a very different take on Med House.I've been eating at Mediterranean House regularly for the last 6 or 7 years. Started with a group of business friends for occasional lunches, then for dinners with my partner, and now it's a couple times a month for take out. (Have to say I prefer take-out for a few reasons: convenient, neighborhood spot; food travels well; only beer + wine when dining in.)I find the food here to generally be great - though not always consistent, have had one or two just so-so dinners. That said, when the kitchen is on, the food can be spectacular. We usually order the same few dishes - one of the chicken plates and the gyros platter. My favorite chicken plate is the Olympic Chicken, which is grilled chicken breast with a really delicious black olive sauce. The Moroccan Chicken is also really good, and maybe a little healthier with it's herbed breasts, honey-yogurt sauce and side of carrots, apple and spinach (which is not cooked, just shredded, but surprisingly good.) If you want rich flavor, go for the Egyptian Chicken, which is pan-fried in parmesan cheese and herbs. If you want spicy, go for the Chicken Shushka, which is more stew-like, flavored with lots of paprika. The Gyros platter is a standard favorite, though Med House does it a little different. No shredded lamb here - instead, you get 4 long pieces of juicy, tender meat. I think the quality is better this way, and it makes for a nice dinner presentation. Pita and house-made yogurt-cucumber sauce are still the perfect accompaniments, and If you like spicy, ask for the spicy green sauce - some kind of minced hot green peppers - the flavors match the gyros meat perfectly.Hummus and Baba Ganouj appetizers are just OK, I suggest the Lentil soup instead - vegetarian, made from scratch, delicious and hearty. Salad is OK as well - dressing can be a little too citrus-y or vinegar-y for my taste, but always fresh feta and crisp veggies. Love the rice pilaf, with almonds and apricots, and the 2 pasta sides - fettucine with creamed spinach or angel hair pasta with sundried tomato and feta - both are rich with flavor.If you're interested in trying Mediterranean House, I suggest sooner rather than later, as the strip mall where they're located may be seeing some major changes. The building owner has told tenants he'll not be guaranteeing any leases, and most tenants are already gone. Unfortunately, if Med House loses their lease, they may not reopen at all. I'm pretty sad about that, and a couple nights a month I'm sure my stomach and taste buds will be, too.
Came with parents on the last sunday I spent with them in Arizona. Pluses:- Spacious parking lot- Fast seating and Courteous staff. seriously, all of them were so friendly and definitely worked to keep their customers happy.- Food is amazing and comes in generous portions (always the best)! They are really generous about specific requests you have with your order. - meats are cooked just right. you know when you ask medium rare for something but they cook it medium or medium well?? yeah, none of that!- They congratulate birthdays/anniversaries with a free desert/candle. it's sooo cute and sooo good. We got a huge slice of cheesecake. By this time our stomachs were literally about to explode.Why it's not a 5?- They have an open kitchen and although it's not that big of a deal (since you get to see what foods they serve for future reference), im just not a big fan of it- Lighting is too dim for me. Yeah, it sets the mood but it doesn't have to be thaaat dark