Upon first impressions, not that impressed. After a few minutes, I'm in love. The bartneders qere amazing, hooking it up with much needed shots and a free beer when he forgot to change the keg. The bartenders love to joke around and it seems like there are a lot of regulars. Always a good sign...I would give this place five stars if I had the food, they have tomato soup. Alas, I was out with the biggest tool in N Scottsdale and apparenty I didn't deserve a meal with this horrible "date" because I wanted to leave so I could watch It's Always Sunny. Best decision of my life!Also, a warning to all Armadillo employees, I may attempt to steal that big red chest in the Women's bathroom. It may take a few attempts, and I may get arrested, but I have to have it!
After having the day off yesterday, I decided to catch up on a few things that I've been neglecting since getting my new job.  One of which was scrapbooking. I came here to grab lunch after picking up some much needed scrapbook supplies, and wanted a bite to eat.I've eaten here before, but not in some time.  The place is actually pretty good, believe it or not.  Its a small, intimate kind of place, that serves and sells some great breads, along with a few sandwiches to eat in house or carry out.  They have half sandwiches that you can get for around $4.50, with a nice selection of freshly baked bread, along with whole sandwiches for $7.50.  This price includes chips and a drink.I went with a half sandwich, on toasted white bread.  I really liked it!  Pop was refillable as long as you ate in, and service was a okay.  If your in the area, and would like a really cute, independant place to eat at, stop by and grab a bite to eat.
I love this place and my twins do too.  They are like the Pavlov dogs, as soon as they are done with their lunch at the restaurant next door, they walk out and immediately scream for ice cream, well gelato.  My little boy is expanding his horizons, he requested a taste of a different flavor and he picked his own flavor the last time we were there.  I guess pretty soon I will have no say in a lot of thing.  Not sure I am cool with that.  I wish they would allow two flavors in the small cup like at my favorite gelato joint.
Around 8 PM my roommates and I are hungry, not wanting to cook, so we decide on pizza. This Pizza Hut is a stone's throw from our house and we have a coupon, sounds simple enough.WRONG.After ordering online, I pull up to Pizza Hut around 8:30 and walk up to the door.It's locked. Confused, I try the other door. Locked. There's a boy inside sweeping. He looks at me, I gesture to the door, and he then continues to sweep. Huh?I walk back to my car and look up the phone number on my GPS, there is no answer, so I drive home. I get to the house and tell my roommates what happened, so we pull up the online order and see if we were able to order due to a glitch, since they were obviously closed. 9 PM closing time. It's now about 8:45 or so, and my phone rings as we are still looking at the computer. "Hey this is... from Pizza Hut.. are you going to pick up your pizza?"Um...I tried.."Okay.. so how long will it take you to get here?"Um...5 minutes I guess...I drive back and walk up to the door. The door is still locked, that kid in the corner is still sweeping. I knock loudly on the door and three people appear from the back kitchen area. "Sorry about the mix up, we upgraded your order for you."Open the box- instead of the Supreme Pizza Mia we ordered is a very old looking pepperoni stuffed-crust pizza.Huh?"So the total is $16.25."What? Is this happening?.. Um I'm not paying for this...Everyone looks at everyone awkwardly, but the kid in the corner keeps sweeping."Oh.. Okay..hold on."The man in a tie, who I assume is the manager goes into the back and grabs one of their new pasta dishes, and puts it on top of the unwanted pizza."Tell you what- Dinner is on me today, miss, have a great night."Um.. okay.. Thanks...Never got an explanation for the bizarre first trip and more importantly never even got the pizza we ordered.Drove back home.
its really no surprise that this place has GREAT buttermilk pancakes.gonna makes this quick: came here for brunch with a friend and we shared the salmon & california scrambler.  both were pretty decent.  i liked the california scrambler better tho, it had more kick to it.i was expecting a long line/wait for a saturday morning brunch, we were seated rather quickly.i'll tell u this, it sure beats ihop or dennys.
If there was such a thing as zero stars- this place would be it! A friend a I went for Restaurant week and the food was nothing to ever go back to. We had the crab "cakes" which I am surprised they can even get away with calling it that- more like fried crab and mayonnaise balls. Then, we had both had a Chili and Coffee rubbed Scallops. They cut the scallops in half to make it look like more, dunked them in a oil bath and then poured coffee grinds and chili paste all over... mmm yummy!!! The best part of the meal comes with the check: they neglected to tell us that after a month of being in business, they still have not connect their American Express machine. When we went to pay, the server said "ohh we can't take that yet." To which my friend and I argued that we should have been notified ahead of time, what if we have nothing else to pay with?? The conversation gets so ridiculous that the manager comes over and tells us it's not his fault and there is nothing he can do so I will have to pay for the entire meal with cash or another credit card. "I told my servers to tell each table" he said. I'm pretty sure that's not a good enough explanation. I am sparing you tons of heated details... the bottom line is I give this place 5 months tops and it will be donzo!
This place is awesome.  It is truly one of the best restaurants I have ever been to.The atmosphere is so inviting; it is almost like home.  There is even a little waiting area that feels like a living room.The service was outstanding, friendly, accommodating, polite, and not at all stuffy.The whole thing has a very modern feel to it right down to the food, which consists of small and larger (sharable) plates.  The food is just fantastic.  I recommend the following:Cheese Curds: a light snack to start off and they are AMAZING.Brussels Sprouts: I don't like Brussels sprouts but I like these Brussels sprouts.Shrimp Po-Boys: FantasticChicken& Waffles: LoLo's it is not but the fried chicken is delicious.  It's more of a Italian style than a southern one: light and crisp, not battered and fatty, but delicious for sure.Lamb Meatballs: Really exceptional; don't pass these upI wasn't as blown away by the mac and cheese as others seem to be.  Maybe this is worth a try though but it wasn't my thing.The drinks are also excellent.  All of them are thoroughly homemade.  They make one of the best Dark & Stormy's ever.GO NOW!
Wow, the food here is so good and very cheap. Our Family ate here under $20 and had so much food left over. Plan on waiting a little bit for your food as everything is cooked fresh as you order it. But it is definitely worth the wait. Everything we ordered was delicious. We asked the owner / waiter what to recommend & tried a variety of items. The tamales & beans we the best restaurant tamales I have ever had, they will keep us going back for more!
The ideal customer for this store is someone who is heavily armed and who has the patience of Ghandi. You would need both to safely navigate the waters of this disastrous store.This is the nearest grocer for downtown residents, and it is sad that this store misses the mark by such a huge margin.On any day, the parking lot is covered in grease, coffee, and trash. IF by some miracle you are able to get inside without being hit up for money by tweakers, then the heavens are smiling on you.Once inside the store, your adventure is just starting. The characters inside the store are the inspiration for the bar scene in Star Wars. Very random and sketchy. As far as the contents of the store, to be fair they have all the stuff you need, and at a reasonable price point.The huge problem here, is everything else. During peak hours, they have very few lanes open, that is a consistent failure with this store. Customer service is also dead here, and they just don't know how to take care of customers. I feel as though the broken window theory is at play here. It seems like because they don't take care of the parking lot, and other details, the whole place goes to hell. The store also has a serious shoplifting problem. I'm not sure if they just don't staff the loss prevention unit, or if they are inept, but I have seen at least four episodes where a cashier is confronting a thief. It makes for an unsafe situation for everyone. They do have private security there, and the guys seem really nice, but clearly in over their heads. At this point the store is so far gone, they really need off-duty police officers to make it safe.It really seems like this store just doesn't give a shit. At each opportunity to impress, the complete opposite happens. This place is a huge safety problem, and I would hate to have my sisters or Mom go to this place, it's really that shady. See for yourself, but be on your toes.
This place is aggravating.I think it's because when you hear of Mexican food in the Phoenix Metro area... this is place ALWAYS gets mentioned... and WHY?? ugh, aggravating!And then you go... and are like "Okay... I can see it, the duck pond is purty." and then u enter and are stared at by every half drunk person in the bar and are then shown to your table. It's a little busy and people seem to be enjoying themselves.... alright, another good sign of goodness to come. The chips and salsa are even decent.... and then the server comes. And she can BARELY speak a word of English... you try and try and still can't understand her and then u just give up and point to the menu like you're some drunken college student stopping off at Denny's before heading back to the dorm after a CRAZY night at the frat house! She writes some stuff down and then after what feels like an eternity, she plops down a HUGE plate of whatever you ordered and all it's rubbery good-less. *shudders*yup, aggravating. You try and try and become convinced that something isn't right. You think, what IS that flavor?? Nana never made anything that tasted like THAT!! But alas, your efforts are in vain... that's the horrifying facts of this would be chain. It's 90% processed foods. It's not that good. And it's what I call "safe" Mexican food. and it's very tourist friendly, it IS right next to a resort! And for some strange reason, it makes the list of places to dine when hankering for "authentic" Mexican food. Yup... aggravating.
I have been here a few times after an afternoon shop at the Promenade and have enjoyed the happy hour that is from 3-7. The service is very good. I had the mackerel dinner and it was great! The miso soup is delicious and the dressing on the side salad is very good. I think if the sushi were prepared with more veggies, like carrot or cucumber slices incorporated in some of the choices, then it would bring the quality up a notch and I'd frequent much more often. The quality and quantity is very good for the money. The decor is nice for a strip mall restaurant and can be interesting to look at. Yume means dream in Japanese.
Solid neighborhood place serving good old school Chinese food in generous portions and with a surprisingly high level of service.Here it's all about the Mu Shu and the sizzling platters.  Flamingo Palace still provides old fashion table side service where the waitress plates the black pepper beef onto the hot cast iron platter right next you so you can see the steam and hear the dish sizzle.  The mu shu is also wrapped table side.Don't let the obscure corner location deter you.  The interior is much nicer (though a little worn) than the outside might suggest.Extra star for the service.
This is absolutely my favorite Mexican food restaurant. I live in Flagstaff but eat here every time I am in the Phoenix area. I have tried several menu items and they are all amazing! Everything was always fresh, including the salsas. Tried several of the flavored margaritas and loved them. I don't normally order dessert but was told the cream cheese & carmel mini chimis (with ice cream) were not to be passed up. I was not dissappointed! The staff is super friendly and very attentive. Can't wait for my next visit!
Update 3/22/12 - Judy B. has deleted the review.Update 3/19/12 - Frenchie B. is user Judy B. now.  Updated 3/16/12:First I was glad to see the owner private message regarding our experience there, that was nice.  But then I noticed the same user end "Frenchie B." wrote a review for Au Petit Four too.  Private Message:  "May be you were shocked by the price you paid, let me tell you we did not rise our price from the esplanade.  You 2 cakes and 2 creme brulee and they are the most expensive of the 10 items ingredients we use are very expensive and high quality.  You should ask the detail bill to Pierre there is no reason you did not have it.  Do not feel ripped off, I feel sorry, because you came over to Scottsdale, but I also Hope to see you again soon.  Thank you and have a nice week end."Part of their review on 3/9/12 states: "Also,  if 50 dollars is to expensive for you after having 2 sodas especially the delicious lemonades who are from france so they are more expensive then a can of coke, 2 meals and 2 desserts then mcdonalds is better for you..price wise of course." After review their review, I was shock to see how they think about their customers.  How 2 faced can you get.  Nice in the private message and then blast a customer on a public review.  If I would have had 2 drinks, 2 meals, and 2 desserts for $50, that is a great deal.  We had 5 non-alcoholic drinks, 4 desserts, and a cookie for $48.50.  You know, we should have taken the kids to McDonalds for dessert.  To read the rest of Frenchie B.'s review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/au-petit-four-scottsdale#hrid:b6f4KzsK5ApkWZxLumt-SA
It is so refreshing to have Euro stuff on the east side. Get out and drive on down to Pastis, it is located just off of the US-60 in Mesa and is not to be missed by fans of color, flavor and meaty goodness.Basic impression: Multicultural cuisine served by multicultural staff in a relaxed and welcoming environment. The service my party experienced was friendly, talkative, doting without being clingy, and well versed in the menu. The menu is without pretense and easy to navigate. The crepes are delightful, way too big, and otherwise a nice way to top off a meat-and-potatoes ribsticking entree or luscious sandwich. The spice and flavor palettes are well thought out and applied perfectly, if anything the hotness of some spices has room for improvement but they are preparing Balkan/Mountain Slav food for Americans so there have to be some sacrifices made to find middle ground. The veggie stuffed and cheese stuffed pork tenderloins are awesome. Portions are incredibly generous and make for great leftovers. It is taking a lot of willpower to not just delete the body of this review and replace it with NOM NOM NOM GO TO PASTIS IT IS HELLA GREAT NOM NOM NOM.The grocery section of Pastis made for some interesting shopping as it was really a Paneuropean selections ranging from ajvar (hot and mild, think Serbian salsa), to Milka chocolate, to Colman's mustard (exceptional English mustard), and a delightful range of lemonades from France. Be prepared to spend extra time and money on your Pastis experience because of the coldcut case full of sausages and cheeses.
HEAVEN. I just had what I can only describe as the most delightful dining experience of my life...From soup to nuts Petite Maison rocked it. Service was wonderful, and was what service should be in every restaurant. Our waiter was a professional, and treated his customers with much respect. He was extremely knowledgeable about wine and food, but explained it in a way that lacked any condescension. I think we've all had that person who knew more than you, and made sure you knew they were superior. Not one ounce of that here at all!The food was all wonderful. I am not going to go into all the boring details, because I am sure you have a life and other reviews to read. Just go yourself, and experience Petite Maison. Make a night of it, take friends, or a date, but just do it, & soon!
I'm really torn about Farrelli's. The concept is fabulous: lunch or dinner at the movies. And their Fall movie festival is fantastic, with classics like Breakfast at Tiffany's (which I had never seen before today), and the upcoming Beetlejuice, The Unforgiven, Forrest Gump, and the Wizard of Oz. I just wish their food was as good as their menu made it sound.We settled on the Baked Brie al'orange, and at first we thought the waitress had brought us out something quite other than what the menu described. Turns out the orange marmalade and candied pecans were a fine sprinkling on top of the cheese, under the layer of so-called puff pastry. The puff pastry was "dead," so to speak, as if it had been out and in the fridge for days. The brie was not very high quality, and the bread was stale. My burger was overcooked, and Hubby's veggie wrap was just ok, but we agree that the fries were really good and super crispy. The iced tea was good and strong, and the waitress kept our glasses filled. I wished we had gotten the popcorn, as we had when we came here before. God, I dream about that popcorn. Like what you would make at home on the stove, with salt and real butter- if you had the energy, that is.The seats were comfy, and the audience full of women kept pretty quiet, except the times when Holly's cat was in danger and nearly abused. We're headed back for "The Unforgiven", another classic I have never seen, but plan to choose other menu items. Maybe just the popcorn....
According to my boyfriend, this local bar type place rocks.  Food is always good, it's cheap, atmosphere is great and had a good conversation.  They grill the burgers right in view of you as you're ordering.  They also cook your burgers over charcoal so it gets real flavor in them!
I went here for restaurant week really expecting a great meal. There were four places I went during the week and this was the first one I tried. I thought the service was very good and a few of the dishes had a lot of flavor. I definitely enjoyed the beef tenderloin and the jack daniel's pecan pie. The pecan pie was actually very sweet and bursting with flavor, it was a good way to end my meal. Also the bread was great, very tasty croissants.However, there is obviously a reason I gave Vincent's only 3 stars....I thought the lobster bisque was very bland. I was very excited to try their bisque, but it didn't knock my socks off at all. The duck confit was very dry. It came with tasty scalloped potatoes, but sadly they were the highlight of the entree, not the duck. Overall there were a lot of good things I did try, but to me, my first and second course should be excellent, and the dessert should not be by far  the best course I had.
Unusual for a Vietnamese restaurant, I hold this place to the same standard of cleanliness I expect from a Chinese restaurant: if it tastes good and doesn't make me sick, it's a-okay! I have grown up in Asian restaurants and really, despite all the negative reviews, this place isn't that scary! If you're looking for ambiance, well, maybe you should save this one for another day. I can't say I've ever been to a Vietnamese restaurant where the decorations blew me away. However, if you are craving some mighty decent Vietnamese cuisine, you have arrived at your destination.I grew up on Oahu where Pho places are like McDonalds- they are practically on every corner. It being one of my favorite foods, I've been to a great many restaurants for pho, and have tried to find a place that can fill that big beef noodle soup void in my heart..( or stomach.. same thing) since moving to Arizona. I've come to the conclusion that there is nothing in Tucson. Chandler, however, is fortunate enough to have this little gem.The bowls are large and very affordable.  The easiest difference to distinguish between pho places is the broth. Saigon has a pretty good broth, and offers almost all the right condiments. The only thing this place is missing is sate, which is like chili oil with garlic or shallots, and culantro. If only I could figure out what it's called in Vietnamese... Large in size with sharp edges, it is similar to cilantro but more subtle and slightly sweet. These, while a major drawback for me, are minor for the overall quality found here at Saigon. The beauty of pho is that it arrives light and fairly simple. Its up to you to customize your own bowl to your individual taste. The spring rolls are good, served properly dressed with lettuce leaves and mint for wrapping with traditional sweet sour fish sauce for dipping. If you like coffee, you haven't lived until you have had a Vietnamese iced coffee. No. Seriously.And a small but hugely fantastic thing? They have fresh coconuts that you can order to drink the juice out of! And eat the coconut flesh after of course.. MmmmSo while this isn't the best pho I've ever had in my life, it IS the best I've had in Arizona so far.
Closing tomorrow 8-24 - forever.Got this in the e-mail today"Thank You! To our loyal customers:  We wanted to thank you for your support over the years.  D'Licious Dishes has closed its doors for financial reasons. Tomorrow, August 24, from 10-4 we are blowing out any remaining inventory.  Wines and beer will be 25% off and all other retail, cheeses and prepared food items will be 50% off.Please stop in and stock up on some real bargains.  We would appreciate it a lot.D'licious Dishes5345 N. 7th AvenuePhoenix, Arizona 85013dliciousdishes@live.com
Try the lemonade with mint.  yummmm!     The food is very fresh, but depending on what you're looking for ......it's more asian than vegetarian in my opinion.
We finally made it to Best of Philly since we were on winter break and could actually make it in here before they closed!  Little did we know they are actually open on Saturdays.  Oops!  We drive down Central everyday on our way home from work and we have been slowly trying all the restaurants we see.  We're almost done too!  Best of Philly is a teeny tiny little place that packs a big punch in terms of flavor.  I ordered a simple cheesesteak with nothing on it and I was very pleased.  The bread was fantastic!  It was soft and chewy with just a slight crisp on the exterior.  It definitely tasted like fresh baked bread.  The steak was thin and yummy, but I like mine a little saltier, a la Charley's.  The cheese was ooey gooey and the perfect thing to bring everything all together,I would like to come back, maybe on a Saturday and get a cheesesteak with mushrooms.  A rogue mushroom found it's way into my cheesesteak and it was awesome!  Now I gotta see what it would be like with a whole bunch of them!
So glad Gabi chose this place for Lunch, but damn the rain for ruining our chance at the lovely patio dining. Such cozy cuteness, I was beside myself. I just adored the pretty patio with all it's flowers, umbrellaed tables, heaters and even a roaring fireplace. Inside was more CC, chandeliers over each table, dark wood, and my favorite part was the beautifully framed window, literally framed, but instead of a picture you look out the window to the lattice and creeping vines, so cool! Wish I would have taken a pic of that. Several things on the menu wanted me to order them but I went with the Salmon Nicoise (see pics) It was not only beautiful but also delicious. Other guests ordered the Quiche and the Onion Soup (see pics) Both looked wonderful and I was told they were. I have only one complaint and it's really just more of a disappointment than anything. On such a rainy cold day I was hoping they would have some decadent hot chocolate to warm me up but they did not......Maybe soon? I went with hot tea instead and was pleasantly satisfied. I will definitely return to try some more of the very reasonably priced French Fare.
So happy that I came here today...I was already stressing out at Tempe Marketplace (I was a little klutzy with my packages)  I was hungry and almost did the horrible thing and have the Cheesecake Factory desserts at Barnes and Noble when I noticed Tea Infusion...I have been here once before for Yelp Office Hours.I love their selections of tea and that you can buy them loose.  It was a little hot out today, so I decided to have their Peach Iced Tea.  (Free refills!)  I am not a fan of fruity teas, but this was wonderful and it didn't give me heartburn. I got a Tuna Melt for lunch...excellent!  (They used white albacore tuna...and they only mix it with mayonnaise.  So happy to find a place that makes tuna without onions!) The best though, was their pasta salad...it was awesome.  Next time I would love to try one of their smoothies.  I love the fact that while it is small, they have many areas to sit.  (I sat at the bar area)  The staff was very nice and accommodating...(especially when Miss Klutz was a little messy with her sandwich....)
Haji-baba I love you!Best middle eastern food!!! :)I came here last week 3 times for the chicken shawarma plate and kabob. If I lived in Arizona I would have to come here at least once a week... it's that good!Reasonable prices, casual dining and friendly service!Stress free parking!If I ever visit Arizona again... HAJIBABA will be first on the the list!If you live in the area or visiting Arizona... and love middle eastern food... you have to eat here!Arizona I'm so jealous!I'm a fan!-Miss Yelp 2012
I did some trade out work for Johnny's uptown for fixing his register system.  I charge $75 per hour a fairly cheap rate ($175 per hour for the geek squad).  It took me two hours to climb through all his rafters and trace down a network break.  He was fixed within 4 hours of calling me at 4 P.M.  Most places would have stuck him with a bill of over $500  for last minute and evening surcharges.  My boyfriend (Johnny's Employee) and I shared a stake and a bottle of wine.  Retail cost was $85  his employee discount made it $42.  I asked John Tallifer if he wanted me to bill him or he could trade out.  I have never seen some one gripe about saving $450 more in my life.Like an Idiot I did some newspaper ads for him 2 of them for $100  again no foresight he called me 2 hours before they were due.Then I did a sign for him for his other failing restaurant the pizza place Melrose caf I created 12 beautiful logos for his sign and a magazine made him 3 more they wanted to charge him a grand for it. He sat behind me for 4 hours and directed me how he envisioned this atrocity he had me create.  I charged him $160 he loved the sign.  I realize why straight men are not designersAfter 30 days of not paying me he offered, to trade out dinner for 4.  My boyfriend's uncle was in town so we went to Johnny's to eat.  My filet was fantastic; the lobster was cold, old and had been frozen before. The wine was good and the bill came to $400 well $200 for employees.  Again he bitched about saving a grand, called my partner a silly faggot and his black manager who set up the deal a stupid Nword.  My boyfriend quit and we left.
First, I think it's important to remember what L'Academie is: this is Scottsdale Culinary Institute's casual, bistro-style restaurant. As such, every encounter with staff is an encounter with a student, from the host stand to the table service to the kitchen. Last night, we spotted the fruit and cheese plate on the dessert table upon our entrance. You see, while the menu is seasonal (maybe to coincide with semesters?), the desserts are changed out more frequently to allow for creativity of the student chefs. The offerings are displayed along with some featured beverages which you are forced to pass as you enter the dining room... a great way to remind you to save room (wink, wink). I guess you could say we had dessert first!Our "starter" featured slices of Manchego, and wedges of blue cheese and a smokey brie bordered by walnuts, pistachios, dried figs, apricots and cranberries and halved red and green grapes. Only real complaint: there were too few pieces of crostini (although we were graciously brought more upon request) and some of the green grapes had browned. Overall, it was a nice way to start the meal.I had the five onion soup. A velvety potage, the soup's aroma was slightly better than its flavor. A bit heavy on the pancetta and worcestershire for my taste.The presentation of the crab cakes  was lovely. Three timbales of crab and peppers surrounded a small bunch of fresh greens bound by a tomato slice. The vinaigrette on the greens was a highlight.L'Academie has a notable wine selection. I was delighted to find Molly Dooker's 2007 The Maitre D Cabernet Sauvignon on the list! Deliciously oaked goodness!Truth be told, it feels like a cross between a classroom and an average American bistro. But, you know what? That's what it is... and, what better way to support young people who love food as much as we do and want to spend their career bringing it to us?!
Great sports bar.  Lots of nice big TVs, yummy wings, good drink specials (w/ a great range of beers on draft, though the two don't typically intersect so I was drinking $3 Mirror Pond Ale from a bottle poured into an icy pint glass), enthusiastic if somewhat homer crowd (I guess I just insulted myself.  Well, at least I didn't loudly protest very obvious calls against the Cards like the table next to us).  Anyway don't expect great service, though I won't complain too loud - I guess under certain circumstances I can actually be patient.  Bathrooms - at least the men's room is pretty disgusting, but I survived.  Otherwise the place is pretty nice inside - our waitress gave everyone coasters.  One minor niggle: there were a couple kids there when we first got there.  The family left around halftime and the little babies were asleep most of the time, (and mercifully quiet the entire time) but this sort of thing is simply not appropriate.  Put up a sign.  "No firearms or children allowed."
love this place - especially when they are showing older flicks - went for a girls night out to see The Big Chill - we all dressed "disco", ordered drinks, apps, and desserts and just noshed and giggled all thru the film! The service is pretty much spot on - don't find it distracting at all - of course, we heeded the mgmt's recommendation on when to get there and be seated - this way, all ordering, drink delivery and service was pretty much done by the time the movie started.  I've also taken my daughter to see Wizard of  Oz - great experience - seeing it on a big screen, with the opportunity for her to be "grown up" and sit at a table in a comfortable chair and eat during the movie.
There aren't a lot of places around here that are open past 10 pm but this chain is.  So one evening when I was out late and had eaten a late lunch and wasn't hungry at a normal dinner time, I stopped in here after 11-ish for a bite.  I got a Foot Long Chili Dog special for $2.99 (with onions), a small Tater Tots,  a small cherry slushie, and a small coffee to save and reheat in my motel room the next mornig.  That cheap hot dog was delicious. The Tater Tots were freakin' awesome!  And I don't even like Tater Tots.  But these were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with just enough oil to help it crunch with a wonderful texture. I got my cholesterol and calories and sodium quotients  in for the next month in one simple trip.  Ouila!
I like this place.  It has so much potential.  The concept is 1/2 Fast Food & 1/2 Full Service Restaurant.....it's a 'Tweener'!  Let me explain......Fast Food Elements+ You order at a counter, menu on boards against the wall.+ They call for your number & you pick up your food at the counter....food is served on plastic plates & trays, like many fast food restaurants.+ Food comes out relatively fast.+ Self Serve Salsa Barhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=bJL2f4dqLkQZePWU13UCswFull Service Restaurant Elements+There's bar seating w/Alcohol service.+ Food quality is a notch above Fast Food.+ Food prices are nearly the same as full service restaurants.+ Complimentary Chips & Salsa.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=0LCjnbhWGXS6ZMtp_137eAI've been here a few times....being on my no Meat diet, I have some good choices here.Bean & Cheese Burrito, $5.49http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=hJcWsnkgB9Br9ZnpFV7NLANachos w/Cheese & Beans, *Hint* Get the Kid's Meal for $4.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=yrX3FWg6cyzFNi5HvQuwEAQuesadilla, $4.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=OgFy34v2UTeOvSSc4ffy0gThe food is pretty good....not great.  I enjoy coming here to grab a quick bite.  The other big bonus for me is that they have Arizona Gunslinger Hot Sauce available here....http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=FJbrO9TXOs5J-gp_psFn0wThis Hot Sauce packs a nice punch and I pour it generously on my food....yum!Overall, it's not a bad joint......way better than Taco Bell, just under Full Service joints.Return Factor - 90%
Hotel Friday!Valley Ho Hotel's Cafe Zu ZuSame old:  At the end of the work week I often find myself tired, haggard and lacking that little zing in my step.  The last thing I want to do is spend my Friday evening, after an hour and half preparation - primping, poking and spilling myself into skinny jeans, that too cute Chloe top (yes, it's completely impractical....I love it!) and Jimmy Choos (where I hope to God I didn't just step in what I think I did) - in some noisy, elbow-to-elbow, jam-packed trendy club where it takes thirty minutes to get a drink!  We all know that this ritual rarely concludes with the desired outcome, unless you really wanted to be awkwardly groped and fondled like you were by Bobby Murphy at the eighth grade dance.  So, one evening, after having had enough of the Paris Hilton wannabes, lack of vodka in my vodka-soda and hundred-dollar tabs that leave me less buzzed than the three week old milk in my fridge, I had an epiphany.  Enter hotel Friday's!On Friday, a couple times a month, friends and I, like-minded young professionals frustrated and bored by the usual routine, spend the evening at a different hotel to enjoy the ambiance, company, conversation, cuisine and, of course, cocktails.  Recently, we decided to try out the Caf Zu Zu at the Hotel Valley Ho in Scottsdale.  The buzz had been good and I wanted to judge for myself.First Impressions:  As I cruise up the hotel driveway, I am impressed by the architecture and obvious history of this very chic, art-deco and Valley-known celebrity hot-spot.  The valet (yes, I know how a lot of people are weary of valets, but trust me, there's no parking anywhere else so you just gotta suck it up and have a little faith) cordially escorts me from my car and ushers me to the door.  I enter the hotel and immediately feel transported into the Hollywood glam of 1960-something.  The dcor is clean, neat, and retro, contemporary in style, boasting shades of brown and orange, geometric angles paired with unexpected curves and unique and interesting lighting fixtures.  Truly, The Valley Ho is gorgeous.  I take in the social scene and notice that the clientele appears to be largely varied in age, mid twenty-something's to late fifties and well-dressed, well spoken, pretty and affluent.  Meeting my friends at the lobby bar, I decide to order a glass of wine.  The wine list is fairly extensive, yet not pretentious, with something for everyone.  I select a glass of the Willamette Valley pinot noir which I find to be smooth, flavorful and relaxing.  As a matter of fact, the entire setting is comfortable and calming yet totally en vogue, busy without feeling like you're stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic.Dinner time:  No waiting.  We are immediately shown to our table and are easily accommodated, despite our party of ten.  Our waiter is efficient, but not overbearing, offering suggestions and opinions when asked.  Our glasses are always full, our needs anticipated and the food sublime!  Seriously, I wasn't sure what to expect from the creative and unusual American dishes as I peruse the menu.  However, I thoroughly enjoy the Warm Maytag Blue Cheese Fondue, the eleven dollar Macaroni and Cheese (I had to see what eleven dollar mac and cheese tasted like....it was worth every penny) and, my favorite, an authentic take-me-back-to-1950-soda-shop real banana split!  Devine!Night cap:  After dinner, we adjourn to the lobby area where we are able to sit in comfort, enjoying the warmth of the gas-powered fireplace and indulge in our after-dinner drinks.  The evening was peaceful, relaxing, fun and engaging.  To sum it up in one word, "classy".  The perfect way to unwind from a long week!  If I could, I'd do it all again (and I left as put together as I was when I arrived, no problem, Jimmy, your welcome)!  Oh, and my speedometer didn't suggest foul play either. 411:  Hotel Valley Ho is located at 6850 East Main Street in Scottsdale, Arizona, 85251.  Call 480-421-7997 for reservations, walk-ins welcome.  Prices are moderate serving breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Came here on a fairly busy time. But, we were served quickly to a point.The malts were really good and I do not eat things like this very often. Fries were a bit on the greasy side. But, the food was not bad and the price is pretty good as well.I really like Red Robin more ,but you have to shake it up and try it all. Bathrooms were not too bad. It was busy there so they did a good job keeping it all togehter. I like that they use paper and not Plastic. It is better for everything,including us humans.
The food sucks... don't order the fried pickles, ever!It's a total dive... don't sit down in the restrooms, ever!The bartenders are good, the games are fun, and they have pool. What more can you ask for? I've been here a hundred times after work, and there is always something going on. It's definitely an "industry" bar if you know what I mean... always full of bartenders, waiters, and hotel people. We go here because it's cheap, a good place to wind down after work, and they have golden tee.
How many bites does it take to get to the lamb filled center of a gyros-pop?I'd say one, cause if you can't find gyros on the first bite, there's probably something wrong with your order ;-) ... are you sure you didn't order the chicken?And you thought I was going to say something deep and meaningful, you obviously don't know me that well.Cypress Grill is my favorite place for a gyros in Central Phoenix. There's a handful of them around (gyros spots that is), but if you're looking for a gyros and within a few miles of this place, I'd say skip all the rest. I've tried at least five or so spots that serve em nearby. You'll spend a couple bucks more here than at the other places, with a gyro running you about $8, but I'm happy to conclude that Cypress is my favorite gyro in town.The hummus here is good, so is the spanikopita and dolmades. For those of you who are carb counting, you can get your gyros in a salad too. I've done that a few times myself. All in all a solid choice for medditeranean dining - one of the better spots in the area. Happy Yelping Phoenix!
Their Filet Mignon Cobb is my all time favorite there, its already perfectly tossed in dressing and is a meal.. not bird food by any means. I have also tried their mushroom/chicken crepes and Im not a crepes fan and I was more than impressed. Great place for a date or just meeting a friend out for a bite. Its swanky yet you won't feel uncomfortable dressed down. Not pretentious and the waitstaff is fantastic. My only complaint is on their mashed potatoes..too much oil and they're whipped to death.. but hey i like mine with lumps..so it's a preference thing.
This place defiently projects the "everybody is welcome here" vibe.  You walk in and the place is always packed with every kind of person imaginable.Every Friday we meet up with friends for our weekly coffee date here and I couldn't think of a better place.Try the mocha... hot or iced.  And make sure and get whip AT LEAST ONCE, delicious and home made!The only negative... when it is packed it gets a little crowded and backed with people waiting for their coffee from the barista.
Great little sandwich shop!  Smallish portions, but that's ok by me.  Good prices, nice variety.  Delicious cookies:)
One word.....FUN! As my friend Patti said as we were leaving, "I haven't laughed that hard in such a long time!" That could be due to too many house special margaritas (which were really YUMMY!) or because we are a fun group of gals! Either way, The Mission delivers. Service is great. The people working there are friendly (always a must for me to ever go someplace more than once). Food is good, but the portions would be too small for my husband who still eats like food like he's a teen preparing for a football season. For us girls, it's a great reminder to keep our figures svelte- and still feel pleasantly full. TRY- Table side Guacamole. Guaranteed to be the most heavenly Guacamole you've EVER tasted! They add everything from cilantro to garlic, to hot peppers (to your taste), to cheese sprinkled lightly (or more heavy handed if you request it) on top. Last time there, 4 of us ordered 2 servings of it since the 1st time 1 serving wasn't enough for 2 of us (because it was so good I practically licked the bowl clean). Maybe it was due to having a margarita first, or not being as hungry the 2nd time, but 2 servings + a drink + the chicken tacos was PLENTY of food (I even had to save 1 taco for later). Those cute little itty bitty 3 tacos don't look like a lot of food, but once you pair them with other offerings The Mission has, you will find yourself quite satisfied. If you go to The Mission, be sure to bring good friends (or a significant other who doesn't eat like a football player). Be ready for great margaritas, great guacamole, nice servers, and a "chillaxed" environment. Enjoy!
The McManager sucks.  (he wouldn't run his store Safeway card for me!)The debit/credit card swipers suck! (they don't fit in their holders and they must use a freakin' dialup modem they are so God Damn slow)They once completely ran out of MILK!Their change machine was down for well over a week!I swear to God, if  there were any alternative in the vicinity I'd GLADLY pay twice the price to shop there! Revamped store is nice to look at, shitty to shop at!  Now with free Wi-Fi! EAT ME!
I HATE JACK IN THE CRACK...the only time I can eat here is if I've been drinking and everyone in the car is craving it. Not like I got a say I never drink and drive :) so when we all pull up my drunken ass orders something. THIS PARTICULAR jack just is horrible!!!! The past 3 times!!! Drinks get mixed up...fries are missing...tomatos are there when they shouldn't...foods cold...forget my sauce for the eggrolls :( ya don't judge i tried the eggrolls and they were horrible and dry. And it's really hard to make eggrolls taste bad ,but jack in the box sure was able to do it.
Finally, a coffee place you can brag about going to.Cartel is an intelligent coffee shop with trendy decor and knowledgeable baristas. I feel good about being there, like I've chosen wisely for not going to a run-of-the-mill coffee-bucks type establishment. Though I sometimes feel out of my element because I don't know a lot about coffee, I've always been treated with courteous and attentive customer service.By the way, major bonus points for using an iPad to place orders and being able to text or email you the receipt. Why don't more places do that?The Espresso is strong with a solid kick and does the trick. I like how they serve it in a mug instead of a paper cup. The Chai Latte is also phenomenal. As good, if not better than ones I've had elsewhere.  I'm impressed by the various coffee beans and accessories they offer too. I even purchased the Aeropress so I can make coffee like them (and because of the great reviews: http://www.amazon.com/Aerobie-AeroPress-Coffee-Espresso-Maker/dp/B0047BIWSK). *Be sure to buy it from the store, though*Looking forward to trying out their food and BEER selections soon. But, even if they only served coffee, I'd be more than happy.Definitely check out their Tempe location for a very hipster hole-in-the-wall ambiance that reminds me of drinking coffee in a place like Chicago or NYC: http://www.yelp.com/biz/cartel-coffee-lab-tempe
A few weeks ago I wrote a review on Al's Beef and thought I would do the same taste test with Luke's. We ordered the Italian Beef Combo and the double Red Hots just as we did at Al's.  The beef was tasty and the sausage was great, no surprises just as one would expect. What it wasn't -- cut too thin & a wet mush which is what we had at Al's.  Again, sorry! The Red Hots filled the poppy seed bun and seemed twice as large. The Vienna Beef dogs snapped as you expect and had a really good taste  Yes, they were boiled too, but clearly someone was watching the stove so they wouldn't over cook. Now, in Al's favor their restaurant feels more Chicago-ish, say like a smaller version of Portillos. Luke's is definitely more southside with a lot of Chicago pictures, including 'Bad Rex" Grossman formerly of the "da Bears".The final tally came to just under $14, which seemed more than fair given the quality of the food and the portions.  Enjoy!
OMG. I cannot believe we didn't know this place existed until tonight. Delicious!!! We had the Mexican Hot Chocolate and the Pineapple & Raspberry Paletas. They were SO GOOD. The chocolate one was so creamy and cinnamon-y - it was rich and a perfect balance of flavors. The pineapple one tasted like biting into a fresh pineapple. It was heavenly. We will definitely be making this a regular stop - especially as the summer creeps in! The paletas are about $2.50 each. Cash only.
Excellent with one big caveat which I'll save till the end.First, why five stars?  The foremost reason is the place (ie atmosphere).  One of the things I miss about San Francisco (just moved to Phoenix in Summer of 2010) are the small eateries with lots of personality.  They are difficult to find in this area.  Well, Cafe Monark fits that description perfectly.  Very small tucked away nicely in a quiet corner in the Oldtown.  The owner is the greeter, chef, waiter and cashier.  The place only has about 20 seats.The food is excellent and from what I can tell the set menu changes regularly.Lastly, it's BYOB with a $10 corkage.So, for the caveat, it can be slow.  That what makes it unique (run completely by the owner) can make it slow.  However, come with a nice bottle or two and enjoy the place.  The food is worth the wait and the experience is certainly unique.
It's that special occasion, and you need a special restaurant. A place that will only serve to augment the nights festivities. Mexican and most other ethnic foods are out, deciding early on how these foods will  trigger your irritable bowel syndrome into becoming an other-worldly dynamo of farts. You can't have that, after all, it's a celebration. You need something innocuous. A food that's filling but not too. And yes, a meal that won't induce a garlic aroma that will level all of Scottsdale. Fish it is, and where better to spend your hard earned cash than at a place so proud of its creations, they charge you an arm and a leg for them.Only you'll soon learn an arm and a leg won't even cover the tip at this place.I give you Mastro's Ocean Club.An elegant atmosphere, bustling with energy from all its young patrons eager to impress their date with a meal guaranteed to produce no ill-wanted side affects afterward. Start with the seafood tower appetizer. This will cost you the price of that new Ipad you never bought yourself  for Christmas because you were too worried about your kids getting something they'd only sneer at. Move on to the Salmon, which if it's not from Copper River, it should be since they've priced it that way. I'm conjecturing there's something unusual about it, making it so pricey. My guess is they find some Inuit kid, post him up at one of those Alaskan rivers, paying the little bastard big bucks to snatch a salmon from the mouth of a hungry grizzly. Subsequently, due to the kld's funeral costs and reparations to his family, they have to jack-up the cost of the salmon. Just a theory.And finally, get ready to loosen that belt and finish up with one of their scrumptious desserts, I didn't.I couldn't.Not because I was full from the tower or the dead Eskimo kid's legacy, it was because I was out of coinage. Didn't have enough for the tip.And didn't see  a small cup of orange jello on the menu anywhere.
---- Update ----Okay so me and a buddy went back to Pirate's yesterday and I have to say, I am saddened.  They have changed suppliers, and now the versions of their items are horrible.  The shrimp are just regular frozen jumbo shrimp, not the big globs of battered goodness as before.  Their scallops are about as big as my thumbnail and they looked horrible.  The fish is a square processed patty and the fries are skinny and cheap.They even hired a second employee.  A lady who is not only rude, but smug while she is laying into you about how the tartar sauce doesn't come with your fish.  NO TARTAR SAUCE?!?!?! Its a fish and chips place!!!! In the end, we had to 'trade' (YES I SAID TRADE!) our Pete's, oops i mean Pirate's sauce for tartar sauce!  WHAT A JIP!I am removing a star for this horrendous "make over". Because hey, if you're gonna change something, change the damn tables!---- First Review ----What can I say about Pirates Fish and Chips?  Well there are some good things and bad things (mostly good).  You could EASILY compare this to any number of fish and chip 'shacks' around the Phoenix valley, but this one definitely stands out.  It stands out mostly because of its cleanliness (compared to other shacks) and the food itself.  I have been to the location on Warner and Gilbert twice now and both times it was clean, and the service was fast.  Everything on the menu is frozen, mind you, but it comes in large portions.  The service is great, they will actually bring it out to you even if you are sitting outside!  The food has been super hot (almost too hot) both times, so be careful when biting into those delicious crabby patties!On the downside, the plastic tables are an eyesore, and should be wiped down more often.  They really don't fit well with the decor (Mural, flatscreens, etc..) and I wouldn't bring anyone to this place to impress them (solely because of the tables)
I've got nothing but positive comments for the Rosemary Chicken Sandwich.  It was truly one of the best sandwiches I've had, and I'll be back to order it again, even if I have to take the light rail to get there.
The complimentary, efficient valet and steak salad are the stars of this new steak house.The service is the distraction; hostess was insistent that we provide our name for the list although we are clear that our eats will be in the bar.  (they actaully do no follow up with us although we are now on the list - huh?!?)The bar maintained the same layout as Houston's had. However the handful of bartenders never connect and they begin the intimate relationship with a request for a credit card for the tab. Lots of activity behind the bar with napkin folding, glass washing and comraderie (9 to 10 pm) and we flag them down for water, again for eats, for a bill, then to pay the bill - even with debit cards clearly lined up with bill in glass on bar. A waitress apologizes for a delay with the steak salad and offers a complimentary dessert. We never see the generous gal again nor was the offer apparently passed onto our flock of inattentive servers. One of the best steak salads in the 'hood with a perfectly grilled steak and lightly dressed lemon horseradish dressing. Our valet responds to a text to grab the car. With a smile from the young man, we escape the rudeness of Del Frisco's into the Arizona night.
Thank god for Ted's Hot Dogs!  There is nothing better in life than a charbroiled hot dog with tasty onion rings and a soda.  My cohorts at work turned me onto Ted's and I kept it secret from my wife.  Yes, I'm that cruel.  Then one Sunday morning we were watching one of those Top 10 Hot Dog shows on the Food Network or Travel Channel.  She said to me, "I wish we could have a great hot dog today."  I broke down and wept, confessing my multiple sins of all the times I tip toed to Ted's to enjoy a chili footlong dog and an all beef dog with the works. She, loving me, immediately hit me a couple of times about the head, and said "Get dressed bitch - lunch is on you."  Now, if you ever meet Marie, you'll come to know that she is sweet and understanding, but on that day, I found one of her few limits.  Needless to say, we had a great experience at Ted's that Sunday.REMEMBER:  They only take cash.  No debit cards, no credit cards, no bartering.
It's about $30/person, and the portions are small, so you will probably feel hungry (and robbed) an hour later. Unless, of course, you are my parents and had the raw sandwich. Then you will be up all night with food poisoning.
I make a mean salad. Really. That's what I love about Market Bistro the most. For the same price as ice berg lettuce and carrot sticks at Souper Salad or Sweet Tomatoes (less, actually), I can direct someone to build  me a beautiful bounty of romaine, caramelized walnuts, red onion, fennel, parmesan crisps, strawberries, apples, blue cheese and top it with tri-tip and balsamic! Or, like I had today: parmesan crisps, tomatoes, fennel, mushrooms, blue cheese, red onion and pesto chicken.  All of the ingredients are very fresh and you get to pick any seven. I suggest the half salad ($5.29 + $2.29 for meat), because it's enough to satisfy. Especially, if you want to skip the meat and pair it with a slice of pizza (their pesto is frickin' awesome!!) or a half sandwich (I'm partial to the Cuban, myself). I love, love, love the poblano corn chowder.The whole experience feels so healthy, it's my favorite place to go after a hike up North mountain or a nighttime yoga class (they're open until 9 p.m.!)... and, don't have to feel as guilty when I add a glass of wine or a beer.Minus one star for the following:* The line gets LONG at lunch time (like to the door - and, while you can "cut" to the grill counter and order if you just want a sandwich, most of us are there for our own awesome salad experiments.)* It's loud and difficult to have a conversation (or a lunch meeting)* Depending on what you order, you may need eight arms or four trips to carry it all to the table* I wish a piece of bread came with the salads (only comes with the soup, right now).But none of these are reason enough to keep me from coming back... In fact, I feel potatoes, black beans and rice as mix-ins in my future...
I have neutral feelings about BBQ but this place was great.  I was dubious as we pulled into the parking lot.  I worried we accidentally wandered into a crack den.  However, once we found the front door, I was pleasantly surprised.  Super cute inside and a nice patio I'd love to visit when it's not 110 degrees outside.  The mac n' cheese was fabuloso and our waitress was fantastic.  My salad was a little bland but that is my fault for ordering a salad at a BBQ restaurant.  My dining companions were super pleased with their plates o' meat.
This cafe is 100% vegetarian, with the vegan option available on every menu item.  From past experiences with veggie restaurants in Phoenix, this kind of classification would probably make me less eager to try the place......  which is why I'm happy that the chef/owner instead chose to focus on the fact that they use fresh, local, and organic ingredients -- vegetarianism is more of an afterthought.  So we decided to try it yesterday for lunch.To start, Pomegranate offers a wonderful selection of teas, coffees, and various juice/smoothie options.  I wanted something cool and caffeinated, so I ordered the toddy, which features my favorite local roaster's beans -- Cartel.  My wife order a peach iced tea.  Very good, but if memory serves correctly, you won't find any drink options for less than $2.00 or so.Then onto the main course.  I ordered the veggie burger, which is made from a sprouted tofu, served on a sprouted spelt bun, and garnished with cheddar cheese (or vegan cheese if you prefer), avocado, tomato, and a little tiny dollop of miso mayonnaise.  It also comes with a catch-all selection of sides: salad, tortilla chips, fruit slices, and a pickle.  $10 or so.....Here's my take on the burger:The spelt bun was better than any other spelt bun/bread that I've ever had before.  This was perhaps the second most notable part of this burger.  The most notable was the patty itself, which had a nice mellow nutty flavor -- not trying too hard to be be fake beef and not overpowering in soy flavor.  It was actually one of my favorite veggie burgers ever.  But here's my beef with the preparation: too skimpy on the rich, fatty stuff.  There was a very thin slice of cheese and almost nothing of the single condiment provided, which the menu told me was a miso mayo.  Thanks to the avocado, it was still a little rich, but not the kind of juicy decadence that I've always felt characterizes a great burger.  And seriously, I would have liked to have tasted the miso mayonnaise, but instead added my salad dressing to the burger to make it less dry, and this basically obscured whatever taste the mayo may have offered.The salad was just fine, garnished with what seemed like a raw berry dressing of some sort.  I had no idea that the white stuff in the plastic cup was also for the salad (apparently a living caesar dressing), until the meal was almost over.  I thought it was my mayonnaise for the burger.  Next time, I'll try to get it right and see how the salad tastes with both dressings.We also tried the hummus, mainly because it's the perfect baby-appropriate snack for my son to sling all over the restaurant (the remarkably polite staff was also quite pleasant about bringing in a messy toddler, by the way, which is a plus).  The hummus was actually quite tasty, but somehow not in a "traditional" way.  It seemed a little crisper and fresher than most hummus I've had, which was a nice complement to the fresh veggies served with it.  My only additional request for the hummus is that perhaps the restaurant could throw in a few tortilla chips as well?My wife tried the vegan BLT, made with a tempeh-based bacon.  It must have been tasty, because this is one of the first times I've missed my opportunity to try a bite of her dish.  She literally devoured it and then criticized me for nitpicking at the veggie burger's preparation.  I'm pretty sure she'd give this place a 5-star rating, and she may convince me to do the same on our return visit with the in-laws, who have been looking for a place like this.Oh, one final note.  I spoke with the chef/owner after our meal, to offer our compliments and inquire about the cuisine and the marketplace, etc.  She mentioned something that should be readily apparent to most foodies, which is that the key to providing tasty veggie options is to go with a macrobiotic whole food focus -- this approach de-emphasizes the constraints and instead focuses on building a good meal from quality ingredients.  Well done, chef.
Holy Crap Batman!  This place was shoulder to shoulder packed around lunchtime on a Wednesday! Why, I guess it's because they have everything it the world you might want and at "almost free" prices.It's the exact same layout as the one on Roosevelt and 16th st, but there's less parking.This place is a complete and total assault on your senses from the second you walk in.  Norteno music on the PA, the every 15 seconds someone YELLS for something in Spanish on the PA.  Wild decorations all over the place. Everything is on sale so of course you need a bright colored sign for every single item.Good news is that I saw a few signs in English and one of the three employees I spoke with there spoke English, score!
I kind of wavered on whether I should write a review about Zipps - my reasoning was based on #1 it's a sports bar and #2,well, it's a sports bar. But I did review The Library..... and after thinking about it, I seem to have a lot to say.I've been here several times, and this latest bout was a 3 to 4 star experience. So, I'm giving it a 4 star based on other sports bars in Gilbert.Zipps doesn't have anything to write home about. It's a sports bar with a LOT of TVs, 2 pool tables, a shuffleboard table, a few video games, and one of those stuffed animal machines. There is a patio for the smokers, a dining area for the family or large group that want to come here and eat a meal, and a bar area for the drinkers and smaller social groups, and die hard fans that want to be up close and personal with their team of choice. There was only one game on (STEELERS vs. Chargers) so we didn't have to worry about positioning ourselves correctly. However, there have been times when we didn't show up for gameday in a prompt manner and were forced to crank our necks to catch our game (even though they do have a zillion tvs). It gets pretty busy in here and once the crowd starts shuffling in, it seems as though the wait staff starts to forget things, the bartenders get sloppy, and the kitchen backs up. This place has been opened long enough to understand proper expediting and timing. Right?The food is, well - ok. It's bar food, after all; I had to keep reminding myself I didn't come here for a crudo of sea scallops with vanilla salt or a braised duck breast. They do have a generous selection and there were a *few* specials. $1 off a large pizza or $8 specialty burgers. I did appreciate the selection of burgers which can be ordered in either beef, chicken, turkey or garden. They have flatbreads (which I didn't really like), a few specialty salads, and some sandwiches. On this visit, we ordered the Chicken Fresca sandwich which was basically a chicken breast with pepperjack cheese, some sort of Jalapeno sauce, salsa, and a bun. It was good, but the bun was soggy and the lettuce was wilted and lifeless. I would order it again, and just eat the chicken because it was perfectly grilled and the salsa was a nice compliment to go with the pepper jack. They have a good selection of beer. However, I opted for a citron lemonade (*I must keep reminding myself I'm"m at a sports bar) and I literally got vodka and lemonade (and it was the kind of lemonade out of a bar spigot - not true bar lemonade). I suppose I was expecting a teakwoods tommy lemonade (mmmmm those are the best) Our server was gracious enough to realize that we were probably going to sit at that pub table for quite some time, and didn't try to move us out. She kept our party somewhat happy and she was prompt with our tab. So it is what it is. It's Zipps. It's fun. I'll probably go back (It seems like I always do). But there are a LOT of sports bars out in GIlbert to choose from.
Soup is my pleasure food! With that being said, the rest of the family loves their sandwiches!This particular one is closet to our home.So if we eat at Paradise this is the one we go to. The cleanliness of the store is good. Tables are always clean and kept up. Bathroom is clean and stocked.  Soup is normally good, unfortunately the bread bowls leave a lot to be desired :(Two out of three times the bread is stale.Sandwiches are good, Mac and Cheese is wonderful!
I have been here several times now. A very healthy place to come to eat. The food is wonderful and very fresh. Nice and modern decor as well.The only down side is it is very expensive i think. But it is in the Biltmore so that ups the price.You can have your car valeted, or park in yourself in the nice cool parking Garage in the back. I opted for that.  It was started by Dr. Andrew Weil and the first time i went there with my friend Kris, he was sitting right next to us at a table.  It is a very nice place to go when you want to have a lovely relaxing lunch and really enjoy yourself.
We stopped in for a bit to eat and some sports watching the other night. My boyfriend had never been before and we are close to down town so it seemed a great idea. Pleased we were! First we got a bomb parking spot right out the front door and it wasn't too crowded so we got a nice table and served quickly. They have happyhour until 7pm, which I love! Most place stop at 6, which sucks since most people cant make it anywhere without driving light speed before 6pm after work. So 7pm cut off for HH is a great find! Pass it on!We ordered the boneless wings to start with half medium sauce and half of their special TD sauce, I recommend both! TD sauce is similar to Zipps Golden sauce if you know what that is like, but better. Then I got the chicken tacos, very good. Enjoyed them greatly! Exactly what I was looking for, hit the spot! Jon got some kinda spicy pasta, which when it hit the table looked amazing, however big prob, they put mushrooms in it, this isn't listed on the menu and Jon is allergic. They took care of it quickly though, remade his selection sans mushrooms and we found out it was as good as it looked. Very nice staff, clean inside, fast service, lots of TVs.... and great happyhour specials!
I've been coming here for YEARS and just thought to review it?  WTF is wrong with me???????????????????????THIS is Mexican seafood.  I've been to other places and nothing compares!  I take a book, sit in back and people watch while creaming my "Make Me Yelp" panties as I eat my culichi.  It's D I V I N E!  Eat the shrimp with a fork but you sure as Hell better use a spoon to destroy the rest of the bowl and leave it clean!Everything is fresh and the wait staff is loaded with recommendations.  Ask, and ye shall find. The snapper Veracruz is so good I often order 2 and take one home.  The decor is fun - aquatic scenes that won't make you feel guilty for eating the seafood in front of you.  At Xmas they had a Santa at the door!  The people here a super-friendly!  They have their own parking lot.  You know it's a good place when yours isn't the fanciest car in the parking lot.  All kinds come here, despite the neighborhood not being the nicest in DoPho.  You can't miss it - even though I do pass it every time!  I think I'm too excited thinking of the shrimp culichi and my mouth is watering so much that I always manage to say "Crap, passed it again!"Go.  Just go to this place.  You won't be disappointed.  I swear.  And, you won't break the bank.
Well had I known Fibber Magees was the same ownership group as the Skeptical Chymist, I might not have approached it with so much scrutiny (the Chymyst is one of my favorite Irish pubs in the Valley)...... but you fellow Yelpers can be glad I did, right?!I walked into the joint around 3pm... not quite knowing what to expect.  From the front, it looked like there was no patio (which bummed me out because it's a great time of year for outdoor seating), but it looks like it's been there a while.  Usually... the whole "looks like it's been there a while" might not be a good thing...... but when it comes to Irish pubs in the Valley, the long-standing icons seem to outperform, overall...Stepping in and the place looks COMPLETELY legit!  There's wood everywhere... barrels turned into high-tops... low lighting... Irish memorabilia all over... and almost all UK or European beers on draught and bottle.  Aaaaah...... sigh of relief!As I sat down at a pub table, there were only a couple other people in the place (3pm on a Thursday isn't peak for anyone), and the barkeep shouted across, "Hey buddy - what can I get for ya?!"Homey feeling already, I told him... grinning... "I'd love a pint of Guinness if you actually know what you're doin' around here!"He laughed and said, "Of course I do, man!  Wouldn't let anyone down when it comes to Guinness.""Done," I said, "... and throw a food menu my way too.  The wife'll be here shortly.""Right on!"He DID know how to pour a stout - second best pour in the Valley, actually (I pour the best - c'mon now)!While I waited for my stout and the food menu... I caroused the bar menu...... and THAT'S when I saw it.  PLEASE TRY OUR OTHER LOCATION: SKEPTICAL CHYMIST.Aha!  That's why this place rocks, already.  This is the first one... the one that allowed them to expand over to one of my favorite pubs in the Valley - NICE!To make an already long story shorter......This place is JUST as legit as the Chymist in Scottsdale.  Slightly DIFFERENT menu (to include beer selection)... but all the main stuff is the same... to include the great service!  They also have a great cigar-friendly patio that is out a separate side door... a game room with pool tables, arcade games, and darts......The ONLY thing that didn't throw this over the top and into 5 stars was the crab cakes.  They're not cheap... and you get two pretty small cakes with about 4 bites of a salad.  The cakes were decent and the salad dressing fantastic...... but, for what we paid, there should be more to eat in my humble opinion.I also learned that SOME of the owners are also responsible for Tim Finnegan's over in the Metro area...... so I took the time to tell our barkeep (also the manager) about everything good AND bad I thought about that place.  He agreed...... and I think will probably say something (doesn't seem the type to keep his trap shut - in a good way, I mean).Bottom line: another WINNER Irish Pub in the Valley!Slainte!
It's funny how much more you can appreciate a place once you don't have to work there anymore. Such is how I feel about The Coffee Bean. I worked at this location for almost two years, and while I was miserable pretty much the entire time I still enjoy coming here for coffee. One of the reasons being, I love the location. Being a bit more off the beaten path, it caters to a more neighborhood-y crowd for being a chain. A lot more regulars and not as many tourists(except during Spring Training time which always made me especially suicidal when I was an employee). And the coffee is pretty decent. There aren't as many selections of flavors as Starbucks but I always thought the quality was better. I highly suggest trying the new Pecan Praline latte which is delicious, plus the blendeds are far superior due to them actually being BLENDED and not chunks of ice. The place closes at 7pm all week so it's not exactly a nighttime hangout. Of course when I worked there closing time was an annoying and unnecessary 9pm....it's nice the bastards finally get their act together AFTER I leave.Oh and for all you guys out there, the place is next to Ford Modeling Agency so you can see models, yes real models, probably on their go-sees milling around carrying their little portfolios. It's very ANTM.
Darn good coffee tucked away in an unassuming location near ASU. Off beat vibe, kind of like somewhere that is trying to give the Seattle or more hippie Portland vibe to you in AZ. The drinks were solid, but not amazing. I had a better experience the times I went to Cartel in downtown PHX so I expected a little more here. Still, probably the best place in Tempe to come for a real handcrafted espresso beverage. And I can imagine if you were looking for study spots in the area, have the requisite Macbook, and want t be a cool hipster kid, this is as good of a place as any to plug. In and work on that term paper. But be warned, it gets busy and seating is limited.It's 3.5 for sure, but I don't round up for them because they weren't very friendly either time I was here...and that bugged. Especially when I tried to talk to them about their espresso machine. They recently upgraded from a Synesso to a LaMarzocco Strada (OH MY GOD) - and that deserves discussion.Also note, no big signs...just a smallish sign that says "Cartel Coffee Lab." Easy to miss. Come check 'em out of you're over in Tempe, otherwise try the downtown location.
New place - " Perked " up my day! Service- walking into an empty place is never fun, but my server"Hillary" walked right up and told me all about the place and, although not hungry made me feel like trying it out and having a bite. She was extreamly helpful and nice. an absolute delight!The Looks- It was slightly hard what to think , it was very nice and clean, which is so very important, although I got a cool hipster vibe  then a everyday local diner vibe. I wasnt sure how to take it. But It was sill welcoming.Grub a dub- The menu was very nice with lots of options to choose from , the standard stuff. All the breakfast and lunch basics and a few extras. No complaints!:) My food was fast, hot and super great! I am looking forward to having a second helping soon.Break it down Jess- Over all it being a new place still has some kinks to work out. But as far as good food and good service I highly recommend it!!I was happy to find it there really is nothing like it in the area so its a good find.They do cage free eggs and local bought items. Also organic food. (mostly) . I hope to pull up a chair next to you soon.* I filled out a comment card and received an email regarding everything I had mentioned rather quickly. I think this shows the dedication to making every guest welcome and not only does this show in the service but in the food as well. I hope its here to stay.
As a historic preservationist, I love the old building. If I could have designed a store for an adaptive reuse project, it would look like this. The fresh produce always looks amazing. They carry ice cream from Sweet Republic and other products you would associate with a farmers market, i.e. non-label or locally produced food like honey, chips, cheese, etc. I go for the wine. I wasn't a wine snob before but I am now. I will no longer drink wine if it's not grown in Arizona. The public market has a wide selection of Arizona wine (a little more on the pricey side) but worth it. This is a great place to see neighbors, friends, and to really feel the sense of place in the community that the Public Market has created.
Been there for 2 company type Xmas parties and one time after getting my new car around that area. Its actually pretty decent, I would probably give it 3.5 stars but no option and am cool, so will bump it up to 4 even though it is really more a 3.5, but when in doubt and no clear cut bad experience then using my discretion and my former Yelping experience, I will go to the 4 mark. The 2 Xmas parties, last year and this year were well catered. The chips and salsa were flowing and the margs were good. I like the white chicken enchilada thing and the apple desert burrito/crepe was very good. The service was very professional too. Good place to host a company party for sure. I will have to say, when I went (paid for myself) it just didn't seem as good when someone else is paying for it? When we went we had 2 entrees, and 2 margaritas and it was like $60, and that kind of hit home, and at times, it does seem a bit bland. But if in that area, and want some decent food, with good chips and salsa in a nice atmosphere, you can't go too wrong with Cantina Laredo!
I used to recommend Lemongrass to everyone I'd meet whenever I'm asked "where do you go for great Thai food?"  My Thai coworkers told me to check this place out, and this I did on the cafe's first week.  I RAVED over their food- pad woon sen, pad thai, tom kah soup, all curries.  A coworker who visited the cafe twice reported back that while he enjoyed the food, he didn't think the cafe would do well since each time he visited (he went twice many many moons ago), business was very slow.  I also reco'd the cafe to a few people connected with the Vegetarian Society, who soon gathered there for a dinner which I couldn't attend.  The event was a success.  Another coworker refuses to try another Thai resto since I've turned him onto LTC.  Why should he try another when he can get the food he loves cooked the way he wants it here?  Amen, and LTC has me to thank for his business every time.Then one night, many, many months ago, I had called and placed a couple orders, like I've done a few times before, so that the entrees would be ready for me by the time I arrived from work.  I previously gave the owners/cooks a list of food allergies, which I again went over on the phone.  Imagine, then, my disappointment to find that they'd added an ingredient we had not agreed on on a dish that, had it not contained tofu, I would have taken home for my Mom to enjoy (I like tofu, she doesn't).  The cook who decided to use the ingredient took offense when I had sent the dish back.  I told the co-owner/host that I would gladly take the $8 dish home, only I couldn't since no one would be able to eat it, and that I'd like gladly pay for another dish if I could order something else.  In the end, I wasn't charged for the dish and service, once offered profusely every time I walked into that cafe, was non-existent from that time forward.  All this over an $8 item.  I didn't visit the cafe again for two months until a coworker told me that the friendlier co-owner was asking for me to come visit again.  I did, but, LTC, "you've lost that loving feeling."  It used to sadden me that I couldn't enjoy the great flavors LTC used to offer, but I've since found a handful of other places that offer equivalent, if not better, dishes!  I do wish the owners/cooks all the best in their venture, as they can provide delicious dishes at LTC.  I just hope they do not treat many of their customers as they did me.
Went again for lunch! Yuuummmm yummmmm Polished off a huge bowl of Curry Eggplant! Its so fucking delicious!!! Hawaiian guy and Indian girl i went with loved it as well. It IS a bit more spicy then your run of the mill average Indian joint. So be aware of that. I am sure they will be happy to tone it down for you, but then, of course, you toning down your experience. I loved it as is. Its awesome and i am sure as hell coming back!PLEASE!!! P L E A S E do not listen to retards who bash this place for various stupid non-related shit!!! Stop by and try it. I brought half a dozen people there at various times and not one walked away disappointed - From actual Indian people to Alabama hick, to Scottsdale snob to average Joe.
The coffee here is incredible, as are the vegan goodies, but the service is so slow and sometimes there aren't even vegan goodies!  It's kind of a drive for me to go there, so I always call ahead to see if they have treats for me, but answering doesn't seem like a priority for the people who work here.  Slow service would be fine if they had vegan chocolate chips, but I am not taking the gamble again, its not worth a 15 minute drive for a toddy.  I will make one here at my house.  I will continue to try and call, and if they one day miraculously break away from their ping pong games (seriously I heard a barista use this excuse for why the customer waited 5 minutes at an unattended bar) to answer the phone and tell me that they have something more to offer than a toddy, then I will go back.  Until then, find me at Lux or the new Cartel.  They don't have vegan goodies either, but the service is fantastic.  I know you guys are "conspiring" or whatever, but it's a business, and brand equity matters.  Your competition is thick and you provide a service that is an easy "skip" in tough financial times.  Might want to step your game up.  Being nice isn't quite good enough.
Bing-effing-Soo. My new favorite thing in life. If you're like me, you've probably never heard of "Bingsoo" before. It's one of those things that makes me feel like I'm not as culturally aware as I think I am. Bingsoo is a Korean dessert which works like this: -You take a bowl and fill the bottom portion with shaved ice. -You take some frozen yogurt and plop it on top of the shaved ice. -Sprinkle in a healthy serving of fresh fruit into the mix. (your choice of what) -Finally add a fruit puree to top it off. ...now if you're a finicky eater like me, then your first instinct might be to try and eat the Bingsoo as it is served in different layers...don't do it...this is one instance where you wanna bring back your inner first grader, and just mix it all up into a mush. Trust me...it's absolutely delicious that way. If you're a bit crazy...add some boba balls into the mix, to top it all off...why not. If you mix it all up, you'll be left with a blissful bowl of icy/fruity goodness. I can't believe it took me 27 years of walking this earth to discover that shaved ice mixed with yogurt and fruit could be such a heavenly (and healthy) treat. They also serve boba tea and all sorts of other random smoothies, drinks and desserts...but you come here for the Bingsoo. I really hope Bingsoo catches on, because if the mainstream public could taste this stuff they'd be hooked...most people in America just haven't heard of it I'm assuming, so they don't know what they're missing. I'm not aware of any other place in the valley that serves this up besides Fresco...I could be wrong though. You heard it here... Add Bingsoo to your 'toodoo' list. 4/5
Maybe my expectations were super high since El Chorro Lodge is like an Arizona institution, but after experiencing a meal at this restaurant, I can't bring myself to give more than three stars.  Don't get me wrong, it was "A-OK," it just didn't blow me away.The history of this place dates back to the 1930's and is pretty amazing.  You can read about it on their website.  The outdoor dining area is huge and has great views of Camelback Mountain.  The live music provides for a nice ambiance as well... at least live music when we were there on a Saturday night.  And our meal got off to a nice start with the relish tray and sticky buns - yum!  But the service was really slow and the food was nothing to write home about.  We found it to be overpriced as well.I'd consider returning to El Chorro for brunch or lunch or drinks or just picking up sticky buns "to go" sometime, but I wouldn't recommend it for dinner.
I first went here yesterday for lunch to help support Dining Out for Life.  My two coworkers and I were all new to the lunch spot and we were all impressed when we left.I had the chicken salad sandwich with some jalapeno chips, one friend had the southwest salad and the other had a bagel and lox.  Yes, the service was a little slow.  We weren't on a time crunch so we were okay with it, although really hungry!  All of the food seemed very fresh and I think the delicious wheat bread for my sandwich might have been made that day.  It even came with a pickle - an added touch I like with my sandwiches and burgers.The menu had a lot of options and the portions were good, but not overly huge.  Another plus - the price is right.  They also serve b-fast all day long - one of my favorites!  I will definitely be back here and now I have another work-lunch option in the area.  Woohoo!One weird side note - I think we were the only people under 65 in the joint save one family with small children sitting outside...
We used Chocofin chocolates for our wedding favors, and the owners were very friendly and accommodating.  They're extremely knowledgeable about the fine art of making chocolates, and it shows in every carefully crafted truffle or chocolate they make.  They even have sugar free chocolates, which was an important factor for us since we had a few diabetic people at our reception.  The chocolate raspberry and the banana macadamia nut are absolutely amazing!  I highly recommend them.
This was the second time I've been to a Village Inn, but the first time I have actually ordered food.  Both trips involved bad service or at least service that was understaffed for the crowd.  My husband had seen a commercial for a breakfast skillet on TV that was apparently very enticing.  So we mapped out our chores for the day and found a Village Inn along our path.Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, but obviously frazzled.  He helped me narrow down our choices by answering our questions about the menu.  I ordered 2 eggs, hash browns, sausage and rye toast.  The husband ordered a sausage skillet.  To our amazement, the plates that were presented to us a short time later, LOOKED EXACTLY LIKE THE PICTURES ON THE MENU. This is the first time in Arizona that I received hash browns that were actually brown.  What a concept!! And not just brown on the top. Nooo, these babies were browned on both sides. Crispy, yummy and BROWN hash browns.  And I didn't ask for them to be cooked that way.  Every other restaurant in Arizona does such a pisspoor job of browning hash browns, that I've completely given up on asking for my potatoes to be done "dark."  I usually end up with a plate of mushy potato shreds dripping with butter substitute.  Gross. I've come to the point that I ignore that the potatoes are even there.But before my very eyes is a plate with the potatoes cooked just right, eggs exactly how I asked them to be cooked, tasty sausage links and two thick pieces of marble rye.  That's a lot of food when you plan on actually eating the potatoes.My husband was equally pleased with his skillet.  We both couldn't believe that there was a chain in Arizona that actually had a decent breakfast, and that we failed to realize it until 5 months before we leave the state.  :(
Had dinner here with 5 other friends celebrating P's birthday. We shared the falafel and hummus. The hummus was okay, a little too watery for me, but the falafel was good. For the entree we shared rice and 2 huge platters of grilled meat--an assortment of gyros, lamb, beef, and chicken. The meats were pretty good and there was tzatziki and yogurt sauce on the side. The rice was outstanding. The rice was seasoned with cinammon and other spices and had golden raisins and toasted nuts.  Yummy.Total bill for 6 people (including soft drinks and tax) was $98.
I bought a Groupon for Blue Fin a couple of years ago and never used it. However on my last trip into the city I decided that I would go and redeem it for the purchased value while I was out that way. Boy am I happy that I did!!Quite frankly, this place impressed my socks right off. I had heard that it had some good items however I must say that is quite an understatement. Best Teriyaki in the city by far; their panko chicken is also to die for!Bottom line: I live in south east Gilbert and have driven to eat here 3 times in the last month. Enough said.
We (me and husband) are pretty happy with the location of this new wine bar, since it's within bike-riding distance from our house. The decor is nice, cool patio with couches, full bar and a nice little menu. We met some friends there last Friday night thinking it would be semi-quiet since it just opened, but it was pretty busy, not complaining, I'm happy places around here are busy. The only thing is it was packed with cougars, cougars acting like 20-year-olds, so not really our thing. But maybe it will calm down after it's open a little longer, crossing our fingers, we really wanted to like this place.
I am only reviewing the Dim Sum.  Went there on a Saturday afternoon and man o man, it is packed to the gills!  Thank goodness we made a reservation for 18 and requested to seat in the main dinning room.  The dim sum carts were flying all over the aisles.  Some carts will stop by to ask what you like and some fly by without getting you a chance to see what is available.  We had so many dishes, so I will only comments on the ones that I remember.Pros:Lai Bak Go (Taro Fried Cakes) - Warm, perfected fried on both sides, and tastyShu Mai (Dumplings) - Pretty large sizes, good taste, and warmChar Sui Bao (Steamed BBQ Pork Buns) - BBQ was flavorful and steamed perfectlyPork and Preserved Egg Rice Soup - OMG, good!!!Gar Lear (Fried Bread wrapped with flat rice noodles) - Crispy bread, soft noodles, and mixed with the perfect soy sauce mixtureCon:Black bean with spare ribs - flavorless and oilyWhite Snow Buns - Deflated and undoneI need to come back!!!
A couple of visits now under the belt. The first one I had an Italian beef and it was alright I suppose, but I am hard to please when it comes to this item. On a recent visit for lunch, tried the char cheddar dog. It was nicely charred, the bun was spread with a good amount of the sharp cheddar spread like Merkts which I like. However the bun was not steamed and the cook was a bit over enthusiastic with the celery salt, as a little goes a long way. I also sampled the sliders. Same issue as with the dog, the buns were not steamed whatsoever. The mini burger is certainly priced right but the cheese and condiments were both understated here. Charred burgers are nice I suppose, but not steam grilled like a true slider. Better versions across town. On the plus side lunch was pretty cheap at around ten bucks. I am thinking 2.5 until I get back here and put another taste on this place. One odd thing I found about the service was that receipts had numbers, yet the expediter delivering food to the masses would call out what the items were instead of just calling out a number. Also the dual flat screen monitor menu boards are difficult to read, lots of glare and they change images. Most people I observed picked up a take out paper menu to place their order. Kind of defeats the purpose and made the ease of ordering more difficult and slower than it has to be
Went here with the hubby last night for the first time with the Yelp International Supper Club. I had a great time meeting some fellow Yelpers and getting to try out a new place. I had seen this restaurant on Check Please! on PBS so it was already on my super-long and always growing "to try" bookmark list. We started with spring rolls which tasted super fresh and delicious. They were the non-fried kind and there is nothing worse than when those get a little old and the rice paper starts to get crunchy instead of chewy. But these were perfect and came with a yummy dipping sauce. Also, there were huge whole shrimps in them instead of chopped or minced as some Asian restaurants use. The hubby got a beef noodle dish and I ordered Pho. Both were very tasty. I liked the fact that they gave you ample amounts of (very fresh) herbs and condiments to add to the soup to your liking. It reminded me of eating menudo at my MIL's house. I was also very happy to see that they included sliced jalapenos on the garnish plate... even though I didn't eat them outright as did some others at the table, I added them to the broth and let them steep a bit and it gave the perfect amount of spice to the pho. The bowl was so huge that I couldn't finish it all but it was really good and left me with a satisfied but not too stuffed feeling. Since we got there late, I had ordered hurriedly so I was very surprised when I went up to pay and both our meals including tax and tip was still less than $10. Amazing! I seriously can not remember the last time I paid so little for a good meal. I pretty much never come to this part of town but if it was closer to where we live I would definitely make this place part of our regular rotation.  The staff was friendly and accommodating as well.  The only thing they would need for a fifth star is a nicer location/ambiance.
"The Bite Means its Okay to Eat" is the motto at this paleteria.  Consequently, the mold used for making these delectable popsicles has what appears to be a bite mark.  Going in I did not know this, and was aghast when I noticed that someone had taken a bite out of not one but all of my paletas!What sets this wonderful spot apart from ice cream parlors - is not just  ice cream on a stick.  The ice cream is handmade, and only local and seasonal ingredients are used to guarantee the utmost in freshness.  Spices are ground, no preservatives are used, and it's virtually like enjoying a homemade treat.Favorites:Chocolate: blend of chocolate with spices.  Ever had Mexican chocolate?  Decadent, creamy gourmet chocolate with vanilla, cinnamon, and a dash of chile?  This is the ice cream version, and so gorgeous I could not devour it fast enough.Platano: Bananas foster, complete with homemade caramel and Anejo Rum.  Chunky bananas, blended with the sweet and spicy flavors of the rum and caramel - absolutely phenomenal!Zarzamora: Blackberry and Lavender.  Aromatic, tangy and sweet, calming, and just beautiful.Fresa Con Crema: Strawberries and Cream.  Tasted like I had whipped up a batch of strawberries with fresh whipped cream and sugar.  Superb!I recommend this as a wonderful stop after dinner for dessert.  There is plenty of seating inside and out, to sit back and relax and enjoy the flavor explosion.
After passing Grand Lux Cafe about a hundred times, I finally had the chance to check it out. Knowing it was a sibling of Cheesecake Factory, I expected a similar menu. Upon entering, it had the same feeling as a Cheesecake. We sat down and the second the menu opened, realized, the menu was about as detailed as well! From sandwiches, to dishes from every culture imaginable, this restaurant definitely has something for everyone to choose from. As the friendly waiter welcomed us, he told us about the menu and mentioned that Grand Lux focuses on serving different cultural cuisine from pretty much every region around. In one sitting you could try Thai, Chinese, Mexican and Italian. Yet, it wasn't actually as weird as it sounds. It really just depends on what your taste buds are in the mood for. However, the waiter did warn us that portions were large. How large? I was about to find out. With so many options to choose from, I ended up going with the spicy flat bread chicken sandwich full of corn, avocado tomatoes and freshly grilled chicken. We had the chicken lettuce wraps to start. The second my meal arrived, I realized that friendly waiter was definitely not kidding when he said the portions were large. I think my sandwich equaled 2-3 full meals. The sandwich came in quarter flat breads and equaled nearly one full sandwich per each quarter. And they gave me four of them! The french fries heaped on the plate as well. I managed to eat one quarter of the sandwich and felt wasteful for not being able to finish the rest, but my waistline is already in a fight with me and the one quarter completely filled me up. However, when we sat down, friendly waiter mentioned the desserts (we should have just skipped right ahead) and said that they took a half an hour to prepare because they were freshly made. Who can pass up an opportunity to eat freshly made dessert so beignets it was. True to the theme of overly portioned items, they brought out eight (!!) large fist sized beignets steaming hot and oozing with freshly melting powdered sugar. To accompany them, they gave three dipping sauces. Heaven. That's all I can say. It was worth every bite...of the one I had. With six remaining, I wonder who could possible finish eight large beignets unless you are with a group of eight! After visiting Grand Lux, I definitely think more highly of it then I did the hundreds of times I passed it and I would absolutely go back again. But, I know now to listen to the man when he says the portions are big! So I'll just skip right ahead to dessert.
I mean, they just do it right.  Everything from their service, to the quality of the food, to the bathrooms, to the piano music, to their professionalism, it's just spot on.  I have been frequenting My Florist for several years.  They were one of the first places that started to change the way I felt about Phoenix....  They sort of teetered the totter that was heavily leaning in the direction of "the people are losing the fight in Phoenix.  Corporate takeover is assured."  Breath of fresh air to walk in and see a lot of the same wait staff that has been there for several years.  That says a lot.  The food is delicious.  Very fresh.  Very artisan, far from run of the mill, but still simple and not overly ridiculous.  The portions are large.  Large sandwiches, enormous delicious salads.  The servers are full of fabulous suggestions, and their daily specials are amazing.  I've been there many times, and I don't think my beverage has ever gotten empty without being offered a refill, and they have never failed to check back with me to see how everything tastes.I always tip extremely well here, because it is deserved.  In fact, I randomly ran into one of the servers at another establishment, and he just couldn't think of where he knew me from (me either) and then his eyes got bright and he said, "Oh wait!  you come into My Florist!  You're a great tipper!".  So next time you are pondering whether or not to leave the extra coupla dollars (c'mon, you know you'll just blow it on something stupid), leave it for your server when provided with great service.  My Florist is a place that recognizes their fan-base, and consistenly comes through.  I recommend the brie salad, the turkey and brie sandwich, and any of their soups.  Yes, I like brie.  It's freakin delicious, okay.
Beautiful decor ... poor service. We made a reservation for which we were only 10 minutes late for due to traffic. We were told that it would be a 15-20 minute wait for a table. After waiting for 40 minutes (it is 730 pm now), a hostess told us it would be another 15-20 minute wait.  They did offer a sit at the bar if we wanted to eat there, and that they were 'very sorry'. Did I mention that it was a Tuesday night? We drove all the way from Mesa, and it was my birthday! We got a babysitter for the night and they couldn't give us a table!!I'm pregnant! No, I don't want to sit at the bar in a stool after watiing for 40 minutes!!!! So we left. After waiting all that time. And we still have to pay valet. Save your money. There are other fine steakhouses in Scottsdale.
I've been here 3 times for a group happy hour. The first time, it was excellent.  Had a great waiter who stayed on top of things and even came over to remind us about happy hour ending and to see if we wanted any more drink orders so he could get them in before the cut off.The second time, it was a bit worse.  We had a large group, and took up the entire patio.  However, there was only 1 waitress for about 40 of us.  She forgot orders, brought out wrong things, and had no idea who ordered which thing.  She overcharged me too many drinks that had already been paid for.But since they have decent food, and GREAT prices during happy hour, we decided to come a third time.Apparently the manager didn't appreciate our business because he immediately asked when we would be leaving.  He said that we take up the entire patio and no one else can sit out there because we take all the seats.  Mind you, every single person there is a customer.  Every single one of us ordered multiple drinks and plenty of food.  It's not like anyone was just sitting taking a seat, but not paying for anything.This manager was so rude, that my co-workers debated leaving right then.  We will definitely not come back again.  We also do a fund raiser with them and our school once or twice a year.  We are planning on canceling that.They have lost our business now, which is unfortunate.If you have a large group, go elsewhere.  If you are looking for cheap drinks, and there's only a few of you, this is an okay place.  The pretzels are cheap and okay, nothing special.My major compliment is that they have Wyder's Pear Cider, which is my favorite!
Can you sit there and say that you've never enjoyed one of the 31 flavors at Baskin Robbins? I definitely can't. In fact, I spent many afternoons during my childhood at my local Baskin Robbins enjoying flavors like Gold Medal Ribbon, Peanut Butter Chocolate, Mint Chocolate Chip and let's not forget about the season Bubble Gum flavor! That was the best because you had gum to chew once you were done with the ice cream!But moving on from my memories to my actual experience at this local Baskin Robbins. I'm giving Baskin Robbins four stars because I know that I can walk in and order a delicious ice cream cake with an adorable decoration, whether it be a golfer, a suit with a tie, a Cars scene...you name it, they've got it! This cake is an instant conversation starter, it's the perfect cake for a party and it's delicious with every bite! You can choose any ice cream flavor, chocolate or vanilla cake and the cakes range from the smallest being around $16 to around $40 for the largest. This includes the decoration. Am I the only remaining person who makes it a point to order an ice cream cake for a special occasion? Maybe, but I hope that others order them to because I don't know what I'll do if I don't have a Baskin Robbins to purchase a cute ice cream cake from! (pictures attached!)
Fun place to go to late at night when you're in need of delicious food.  Their hours are unconventional, making it a great place for a late night snack.Every time I've gone they've run out of some ingredients, which is disappointing but indicates that they have delicious food.I would describe this place as a hole in the wall, hippie, gourmet nacho place.  Sounds strange, but you'll like it.
I call this place the "G" spot (and I know I'm not alone).  For good reason.  It is amazingly delicious, some of the best gelato I've ever had! Sooooo fricking YUMMY.You can try as many flavors as you want too.  So naturally I try no less than every flavor available- haha- (they are more than happy to oblige you) whenever I go.  I have gotten pints to take home, it's that good.  It's a wonder I don't weigh 500 lbs.  I try to exercise some self restraint or I probaly would be.  But hey, isn't gelato supposed to be better for you than ice cream?? Something about the density so you eat less?  ;)Try it, you won't be disappointed.  I've only been to the Camelback location, although I'm sure they're all good.
Yum! they have the best  chai tea latte i ever tasted...my taste buds screamed for more after every sip.  chai tea in it's basic form is black tea that is brewed strong with a combination of spices and is diluted with milk and sugar. next time i will be sure to try the coffee!as for the food we have tried the papas grande burrito (eggs,potatoes and a little bacon) and it was fresh and delish. I have yet to try their desserts.  the cupcakes and scones are a big draw at the coffee house. in fact the cupcake wars will be making a stop at the coffee shop this month and will air june 29th.
Another Delicious Lunch! This time I went all out and ordered a Carnitas Chimichanga Enchilada Style (see pics) Wow! The Pork was so juicy, tender and flavorful it wasn't greasy at all this was such an indulgent thing to eat with all the cheese and sour cream and sauce etc. The only thing I didn't like was the guacamole because it was too spicy for me other than that it perfect to the last bite, Yes I ate it all! OINK!! The Hubs got his usual Stacked Enchiladas with a fried egg on top.(see pics) This time the enchiladas were served in a little crock which made the edge of the tortilla crisp but other than that he loved them once again. Rositas will be the perfect place to pick up some food for a "potluck" I'm going to take advantage of their catering menu since I've got a party to attend next month.If you're ever in the area don't be scared, just go in and enjoy yourself!
It's been a while since I have eaten here, but when I last went I had a horrific experience.  I got the chicken salad, which was full of dark meat, bone, gristle, skin, etc.  I had to run to the bathroom and get rid of it.  When I returned to the table, I calmly explained to the manager I was unhappy with the food (you could see that the quality of food was really low.)  The manager was rude and I had to argue with him to remove the meal and my drink from the bill.  I would think that after a customer was caused to vomit he would have already taken my meal off the bill...at the least.  I'd never go back.  I wrote a letter to the head chef of the chain and copied the manager and got absolutely no response from either.  Poor food.  Poor service.  Poor management that goes all the way up to the highest level.
We decided to dine at Veneto Trattoria for my farewell dinner and, unfortunately, it was incredibly disappointing. The staff clearly are not trained in customer service or restaurant etiquette (e.g. grating cheese on the lady's dish first, refilling water glasses, etc).  They hung around the bar area and eyed us as we progressed through the meal.  I couldn't understand a word that our waiter said and he completely disregarded the specifics of my questions.  He could hardly remember the nightly specials; of the vague, unintelligible list about seven dishes, all I caught was "chilled tomato soup."Shortly thereafter, diners at an adjacent table inquired about the types of pasta on the menu.  Mr. Ego condescendingly responded, "what kind of pasta do you like?"  They went back and forth several times until the customer decided against pasta altogether.  I don't blame him, what a hassle!  The food was completely underwhelming and overly salted.  Portions were unimpressive and basic things like mashed potatoes and pasta obviously originated from a box.  The chicken scallopene was so-so; the meager serving of veggies were the star.  I had a taste of some shell pasta with spicy sausage, it was unremarkable. Don't waste your time (or money) on overpriced, lackluster food served by a snitty,  impatient waitstaff.  Sorry fellow Yelpers, I just wasn't impressed; I am not compelled to return.
I am in love with Switch, AKA Switch Bakery.This newly opened joint is right on Viriginia and Central in Uptown Phoenix--squeezed between Scholtzky's and Durants. I used to loathe the fact there weren't many quality restraunts in the area where I work on Thomas and Central till I found Switch.They opened 2 months ago and feature a variety of sandwiches baked fresh everyday. You can find turkey and a variety of meat, humus, prusciutto, murano chicken etc...all outstanding, the salads are great too. There is a large communal table/ bar right in the center of the restraunt, and the room is beautifully decored in 21st century Noveu! There is also a large outside seating area between 2 walls which creates somewhat of a courtyard that opens to the back parking lot. It is absolutely delightful to dine with professionals in this al fresco setting. I love the fact you can sit anywhere without being shown to your seat, just look for the blue card that seat is open. Service is prompt too and the staff is well trained. I was surprised how busy it's been when I've gone there, apparently word has gotten round. You can check the entire menu on their website, www.switchofarizona.comA must for anyone having lunch in the uptown Phoenix district on Central Ave.They are open till 11PM too. Can't wait for happy hour.
Had lunch here with Rand H this past Wednesday.  Arriving before the lunch rush about 11:30 they worked with us old folks to find seating we would both be comfortable with.  The service stayed great throughout the meal.  Our server knew the answer to our questions.  Macayo's is not the only Arizona chain to have done well with Americanized Mexican food.  It is prepared well, tasty and presented well.  I would suggest if you order steamed veggies as one of your sides you ask for it in a separate dish as the water will drift in to your other items.
7/22/11Came in to redeem my complimentary birthday drink- chose a large Very Berry Refresher, a green coffee-based black raspberry drink rehydrated from a mix.  I enjoyed it very much, but I doubt I'll order it again, now that I know it's a rehydrated mix drink...  Service was very friendly, and the two women there were very patient w/ my questions about the new Refreshers.  I appreciate the free birthday drink, and I will continue to come here once in awhile for hot or iced black coffees!  :)
This place is really trying to be upscale, but it's not.  To me an upscale place is where you can't afford to bring your little brats.First, the good.  The staff was friendly and prompt.  Refills kept on coming.  I ate here for 6 meals over my 2 day stay at the resort and I never ordered the same dish twice just so I could try a variety.Here is a rundown of what I ate and the quality:-Chicken Quesadilla: So soggy it was falling apart, inedible-Arcioech (sp) Scallops:  It's Arizona, there are no fresh scallops.  They were overcooked and the seared spices were a soggy mess.  The potatoes and Dijon dressing were great though.-Eggs Benedict: Very good, cooked perfectly.  They do it a little different and give you smoked salmon instead of canadian bacon.  Not a bad change but they were a little cheap on the quantity of salmon.-Matador Hamburger: Fantastic burger and they will cook it rare.  If you order one well done, you shouldn't be allowed to review any red meat.-Center Cut Filet: Obviously not a prime cut.  Perfectly cooked and seared.  Veggies were also well seasoned and not overcooked.  Good choice.-Salmon: Great seasoning, slightly overcooked and bizarre sauce with the consistency of pudding under the garnish.  The sauce added nothing to the fish.-Creme Brulee: Very nicely done, maybe a little too much heat on the sugar, but still delish!-Caprese Salad: Tomatoes were flavorless and old (dried out appearance). Mozzarella was obviously a Costco purchase (not bad though).If I wasn't eating here for free, I would balk at it just for the prices let alone the mixed quality of the food.No hot waitresses here, but the server staff was great.
They say Phoenix's greatest restaurants are found in strip malls and this is a prime example.  A good friend took me here on a Monday night and we were greeted by the Italian husband and wife owners and shown all the fresh hand-made pasta specials of the evening.  I chose the crimini infused pasta with crimini mushrooms, truffle oil and....magic!  Caprese salad is the precursor to any italian meal and they have it perfected- adding roasted peppers.  The suggested wine was incredible and the pasta left me speechless!  It tasted just like the night in Rome when my new friend Fiorella took me on her vespa to the "restaurant where typical italians eat".  I savored each bite at Marcellino just as I did in Rome!It is a bit pricey, but worth every cent!  I can't wait to go back!P.S. I tried to incorporate the genius term "American Bastardization" into my yelp like Anne W, but couldn't get it to fit.  The analogy Marcellino:Rome as Olive Garden:American Bastardization of Rome is my best attempt.
Dos Gringos is rarely a planned destination.  Usually, it's an accident.  Sometimes I have a lot of fun and sometimes I have a drink and leave.  I went there again this past weekend and again it was an unplanned stop.  My friend wanted to go next door to BS West and after some guy spilled a drink down my entire back, I decided to go over to Dos where at least I wasn't wasting my outfit on men who would rather critique it than rip it off (note: that sentence sounds way sluttier than I am, so don't get all excited).  It's almost my birthday, so the bartender made me some sort of shot in a plunger.  Classy all the way.  Also, there were a bunch of Slutty Santas to help give the place a festive feel. Now, I am going to give you ladies a tip about Dos Gringos.  Don't expect to meet any quality men here.  For example, I met this hot Croatian guy on my last visit.  We had a lot of fun until I discovered his friend was actually his girlfriend.  Don't you just love it when guys refer to their girlfriends as just friends, but then the girlfriend reveals that they're dating and you stand there looking like an idiot and try to find a polite way to exit.  Well, I sure do.  What's up with that?  Talk about uncomfortable.  I am starting to become convinced that only guys who are looking to cheat on their girlfriends go to this bar... that or I only attract men with girlfriends.  Either way, please stop hitting on me taken and/or married men.  Thanks.
I dined in the bar alone like a loser but I don't mind it gives me time to think and reflect. I had the 1/2lb burger and a side salad w blue cheese. Then burger is a grilled burger cooked to order on a really good fresh bun. All the normal fixings. The meat had good flavor and did not seem to be a frozen patty . YEA! The bun was grilled a little and had to have had some butter smeared into it. The burger was good, but not the best. (see Poor Reds) The salad was good, a little more then the basic iceberg lettuce and a tomato. It had cucumber, tomato, several type of lettuce and some sweet flavored white shredded thing in the middle. The dressing was good but again not the best. The bartender, the manager and the door girl were all really nice and they appear to really care about what you think.
My boyfriend and I came here for restaurant week this year hoping to try some of the fine dining in Arizona. This place is quite fancy! It has the dim lights, cloth napkins, the whole cute dinner date ambiance where you feel you can only speak in little more than a whisper. The waiter was very friendly, helpful, and service was excellent.I can't exactly remember the food except for the fact that everything was very very salty! I'm a person that can handle my salt and even I thought it was too salty! I was so surprised because of the great reviews this place has gotten and the overall environment. Maybe it was a bad night or something but it was so salty I drank about 5 glasses of water!
I originally reviewed this place with my Elite account earlier this year ,when my kids came to visit and insisted " we go"  so 10 of us went .Had a great time and in my opinion worth going to with visiting friends/family  or after taking in a game .They of course had to order the loaded  Big Unit  ,which everyone tried a piece ( not bad) covered in chili,peppers,relish,sauerkraut.etc ( total belly bomber)The Asian salad was decent ,as was the pork sliders,ribs .place was packed when we were there.service was decent.Lot's of cool Memorabilia...a little pricey ..but hey ,that's showbiz !
Around the corner and down the road from my new place is the bestest sushi place!! Very mom and pop... if mom and pop were into lime green and sleek contemporary decor. Very clean and kinda ackwardly set up, Cafe Wasabi reminds me of Subway... except this is really fresh! I've had the Hawaiian Roll and the Rainbow Roll - both were really good as was the Orange shrimp roll. The nigiri is good - but then again, nigiri is always good. :) Along the counter's sneeze guard are pictures and descriptions of the various rolls available. Some look too exotic to try and others are regular standbys. I can see first timers getting squeemish when they see them on display. One cool touch is the maaaany empty sake bottles that are decorated by the lucky souls that drank them. I have yet to try one myself - but the bottles on the shelves and counter sure look cute.The sushi is good, I never had any stomach problems after eating there and I always leave there happy I came and promising myself that next time I'll try the green tea ice cream... i would - but I'm always too full!!
We have been to Raul & Theresa's a few times.  Let me start by saying that my wife is hispanic and has spent alot of time in Mexico eating authentic Mexican food.  We are not impressed.  The decor is old and not very clean.  The whole place smells like cooking oil and so will your clothes when you leave.  The food is over spiced and still not very tasty.  I dont think we will be returning.
I've passed by Regio's plenty of times and I wish I had tried them sooner! Tucked right next to the 51 on Indian School, Regio's is far from an optimum location, but I can agree with most of the other reviews so far and say that the food is poppin'! I got a gordita plate from them on New Year's Day, and I was way surprised! It was delicious, and it helped settle my stomach after a night of properly ringing in 2011...I want to go back as I write this to try their sopes! If their carne asada and their al pastor gorditas are any indicator, I will sure be in for a delicious treat! If you live in Central Phoenix and fancy some good, cheap Mexican food from a local joint, get your buns over to Regio's. I personally think I found my new regular spot for some Mexican chow.
My friends and I had a blast at Benihana on a recent visit!  I'm sure we could have found better Asian food in Scottsdale (especially the sushi) but you really go to Benihana for the show.  The chef at our table was great and actually was able to get all of food on our plate, even the stuff he threw.  You can't go wrong with the Tepanyaki anything (and it's a great place to go if you're doing a protein diet).  As for the sushi--ehh--go somewhere else for that.  We all left laughing and happily stuffed.  They're opening a location in Chandler soon, too!
Keep your eyes open, I almost drove right by this place. Might have been because it's a lot more house-looking than restaurant-looking. Not complaining, just saying. I love the converted house thing, just wasn't expecting it. Or maybe it was because the Yelper I was following turned into the parking lot a moment after two cars cut in front of me and she disappeared from view. Either way, I found it, and I'm glad I did.First, I gotta give 'em props for the way they handled our large, unexpected and occasionally raucous group - service was friendly and efficient. Lisa G herself even came over to say hello, pose for pictures and answer detailed questions about her fabulous food. Did I just say fabulous? Weird. Not part of my typical nomenclature. Did I just say nomenclature? Did I use it correctly? Anyhoo - was part of a large group like I said, so I got to sample/steal bits and pieces of several different menu options.. cheese, cranberries, and candied almonds from the antipasto plate, shrimp and veggies from the skewer plate, more candied almonds from the antipasto plate, the empanadas - ooh, the empanadas - they were the best part. I'm not sure which I enjoyed more, the eggplant/zuchini/blue cheese & pine nuts or the Mushroom/onions/almonds & parmesan cheese.. Probably the eggplant, which is weird, because I don't normally care for eggplant. Oh, but the mushrooms were so good. Hmm.. think I'll have to go back and have them again to be sure. Lastly, we ordered the seared ahi mini-sandwiches with wasabi sauce, which I loved - though the Yelper I shared them with didn't so much. But she's crazy, you shouldn't listen to her.
guessing, we've all, seen those signsvienna beef, a thousand timessun bright yellow, big blue Vweiners from, windy cityserve 'em down at,  Franks A-Lotfortieth, washington's, gota dog house on, east side of streetsells dogs, even, mike vick can't beator any of the, weiner vendorscostco dogs? return to senderyelpers  yap 'bout,  tempe's Tedschicago's Lukes, i'm here, insteaddrives too far, wait's too longinching towards, a Franks, foot longhot dog man, I'm barking loudi give Franks a big, bow WOWwhile relishing, a spicy polish poppy bun, mustard, you know itneeds onions and celery saltpicnic tables, diners halttheir day, to dig a dogor drive thru, if they don't have longto sit and watch, the world pass bylight rail, semis, homeless guyshopping cart, pushed it pastcaught my eye, stopped and askedif i could, maybe, spare a fewtwo twenty-five, bought his lunch, toocooped, inside, since '88cooks,  cashier, crammed in a space'bout the size, of my closetnot sure, really, how Franks, does itphilly steaks, burgers toomore than, vienna, waits for youso if you crave, a great frankfurteryou don't need to, drive no furtherthan this little, hot dog standthanks Franks,  A-Lot,  you dah man
Went for breakfast and everyone around us was sending back the food because it was not hot. I had the Lox and bagels which was good but it seemed not a lot of people enjoyed their food. But good prices and decent food.
I'm back in AZ again this week and just had some pretty dang good pizza. 12 of us filtered into this place and they handled that pretty well. you order at the counter, prices are decent, calzones are gigantic, the pizza was huge, and my sandwich was good. the beer was flowing like wine. i'm sleepyand boring
12/10/09Attended Yelp Office Hour here today.  Had the latte w/ a few chocolate chip cookies that Sarah G. had made.  Lovely space (and delicious latte)!  I'd give 4 stars if the coffee was served at the table, but for now only 3.  I like the nice furniture, both at the dining area and the working lounge.  I hope to be back soon to have another latte (and a pretty one, at that!), catch up on writing Yelp reviews, and just hang out!
Right at Warner and Price, just east of the 10 you will find Brubaker's.  I stumbled on them yesterday and tried a bagel sandwich with a decaf coffee.The atmosphere is very light and airy for a coffee house and the furnishings are rather elegant.  Nice touches abound.I had my sandwich on a whole wheat bagel.  Ham, egg and provolone.  It was obvious that everything was freshly prepared and the sandwich was nice.  The bagel was perfectly resistant to the teeth before yielding it's fresh grainy goodness.My decaf was fine.  Nothing notable about the coffee good or bad.  Service was friendly and accommodating.  The large pastry display had some very delicious looking baked goods.  I'll be back.
How in the world have I not reviewed San Tan?! Since Chandler, Arizona's become a second home, we'd always meant to visit the local microbreweries, especially after seeing a small article about it revolving around small businesses and their handcrafted delights. I think there's like 20 in the valley, with Rock Bottom and BJ's accounting for a good chunk of them. Went to San Tan, got up to the bar, and was greeted by a cute barkeep asking us if we'd ever been there before, and when we said no she started asking us what kind of beer we like and poured a couple samples of their draughts and only charged us when we finally picked what we wanted pints of ($3.75 apiece - happy hour price). The boyfriend got one of the IPAs, and though I'm more of a cider drinker I picked up their hef mixed with pineapple juice, as the bartender suggested. Despite my aversion to pineapple juice (drinking it usually makes my stomach turn, though eating the fruit itself doesn't do this), the two beverages complemented each other nicely. As far as wallet-friendly microbrews go I'd say San Tan's among the best in terms of quality. All the bartenders were pretty cool and casual, and we left feeling a bit on the giddy side so we took a long, looooooong walk around the park area across the parking lot. I think we walked around that column with all the farmers and settlers on it a good 40 or 50 times before we were good to go.
A warm greeting means alot, but if that's the best part of one's take out experience, the establishment probably doesnt warrant four or five stars.  Portions are solid and prices fair, but there are a number of things Karey's could improve on. First, the signature dishes we tried didnt have much wow factor at all.   The cute little lumpia are like Sharon Stone in 'Basic Instinct'. Blonde and delicious on the outside, dark and horrible within. The pork paste, or whatever it is, might as well be dog food. Sorry, but that's my honest opinion.  The authentic, custardy cassava cake was different (yay!) and cheap(yay!), but quite mild for a dessert, at least to my undiscerning, sugar-addled taste.   Our chicken sample was dry, the pork adobo and beef offered were better - the texture of the slow cooked beef reminded me of my mother's Yankee pot roast - only this had less flavor and seasoning.  My unadventerous teen said his beef burrito was one of the worst meals he's had in a while...not much juicy meat taste and a ridiculous amount of cheese which overpowered everything.  Second, the free samples are fun and appreciated but the context in which they're provided is a little awkward.  When we walked in, all the steamtrays were covered and there were no pictures of the food - at least not that I remember. Maybe there's a culinary reason for the covers, but you cant SEE or really SMELL any food!  So you're kind of at Karen's "mercy" to provide you with these toothpick samples.  She cheerfully offered three mainstays (chicken, beef, pork)...and then there was this sort of lull, where I guess we were supposed to "decide", despite a blackboard off to the side, listing four or five addtl specialties.   It's partly my fault. I asked about pancit and dropped a hint or two that I wanted to try a variety, but couldve been more forceful probing options.  By this time, however, we had already eaten six skewers and I felt a little piggish asking for more. And Karen didnt offer more. Were we hard sold something we didnt want? No.  But I felt gently steered toward a few standard selections and away from other (more exotic?) options, especially considering there was nobody behind us in line.  If the covers were off, or there were pictures, I'd have been more likely to say, "That looks interesting" or "that smells good, what's that?".   In lieu of a detailed, descriptive menu (there is none, although Karen was verbally descriptive and very helpful) I just think a customer benefits most from a visual display (think Miracle Mile Deli, Panda Express, etc) of ready to eat fare.     We stopped by around 5:30pm on a Thursday, and were at Karey's around  fifteen minutes.  There were no other customers.  Zero.  Tons of traffic driving home from work. And nobody.   At this point, I think Karey's is a more sincere than genuinely  savvy operation, but that could change by smoothing a few rough edges,  showcasing all their recipes and maybe a spicier sauce or two.  Two minor glitches.  We werent given a receipt copy for our take out order. Also, one of our plastic clamshells leaked on the way home.   The sauce was filled near the brim, but it was messy and annoying.  Good intentions...not so good execution.    There's definitely potential here and they're not too far from making this a terrific place with broad appeal.  Who wouldnt root for a relatively unfamiliar cuisine served up by such friendly folks?   But I think (for well intentioned Yelpers) to pretend they've already nailed it, largely on the strength of warm greetings and surprisingly mild fare with exotic names, may be setting Karey's up for a wave of unmet expectations. I know that's how we felt.
My family and I just Celebrated my Mom's Birthday at this Restaurant, we have been here many times before, we love the Ambiance, and the food is pretty good,  I got the abondigas soup, it was just ok, the Chicken & Steak  fajitas were good, their enchiladas were just ok, also!  Our mistake is that we didn't make a Reservation, and were told we would have a hour and a half wait to sit outside, so we decided to be seated inside, they asked us if our entire party was there, I said no, that they would be here shortly, I was told we could not be seated, because our entire party was not here, I have never been to a restaurant where they couldn't seat us until everyone in our party had arrived, normally they ask you if you would like to be seated now or wait, we also were told our party of 7 would not be able to sit together, we would have to sit at tables across, which did not make any sense!   Luckily, there was a couple that left a table that accommodated 7 people so we were all able to sit together.this is a beautiful Restaurant, it is a shame they were not accommodating for our large party, our waiter did make up for some of our Dissapointment !
I started a tradition that every year for my bf's birthday we celebrate by hitting up a swanky steak house. Last year we hit up Del Frisco's in NYC, and while Mastro's cannot even come close to any NYC Steakhouse, it's definitely the best I've tasted in AZ so far... as it should be for a place with a pricey menu. My boyfriend ordered the 8oz Petite Fillet (that was far from petite if you ask me), and I ordered the 12oz Farm Raised Salmon (absolutely the biggest piece of fish ever placed in front of me). Needless to say, the portions here are large. My salmon was cooked to perfection. Flakey, a little rare and oh so yummy. The bf devoured his fillet, he thoroughly enjoyed every bite. Then for our sides we got the steamed broccoli & asparagus as well as the creamed spinach. All 3 sides I would recommend. Fresh veggies and hats off to the chef for the creamed spinach, all of it was fabulous. I must take a moment to also highlight their Mojito. Being the Mojito feen that I am, this one was just awesome... and SO strong! I downed one and could already feel it. They also brought out some of their buttercake for my bf's birthday on the house. It was superb, and I could tell it probably had 5+ sticks of butter in it because it was so richly decadent. I definitely recommend this desert, WOW! As far as atmosphere goes, I like what Mastro's has done with their interior decor. Not stuffy at all, and it has an elegant steakhouse vibe. Our server wasn't over bearing and gave us just enough service to where we felt as though our every need was catered too. Great customer service in my book.While I'm don't think I'll be back for dinner anytime soon (my wallet won't allow it), I must say that I might venture back for drinks in the very near future. That Mojito was tasty... I'm still thinking about it!!
Id love to share with you my new go-to date night spot. It's filled with so much charm and romance we both were simply glowing with post dinner elation. The place, Vincent's Market Bistro is the scaled down version of the fine dining classic Vincent's of Camelback. It's funny that a place like this is so well hidden without even a hint of signage beyond a sandwich board on the street. Just look for the main Vincent's sign and follow it around back to the Market Bistro entrance, they're housed in the same building. Chef and owner Vincent Guerithault keeps the menu decidedly French with hints of Southwestern flare that he's so famous for. You should look this guy up; he's got some accolades including a James Beard award under his belt. Does kudos translate to good cookery, you bet! For one of my favorites, be sure to look for the Curly Endive Salad ($9) with mustard dressing, bacon, and a poached egg. I saw it, I ordered it, I swooned over it. A well balanced ratio of salty, sweet and sour then fresh cracked pepper completes the equation. Pizza offerings are done well with a tender pale crust that seemed more akin to pastry then to your typical chewy crispy offering. Tarte Flambe ($8) was topped with a light cream sauce, bacon, onion and thyme. Another pork laden pizza was the Caprese ($8) topped with pesto, arugula, mozzarella and prosciutto. I just wished that the greens were put on after cooking instead of before.For dinner you'll find classics including the cooked in its own fat Crispy Duck Confit ($16) with lentils and bacon, sensing a porky theme here? The tender mallard leg was succulent and intense in flavor while the lentils performed well by countering the richness of the meat. For something a little bit lighter, I use that word loosely, order up the Coq au Vin ($10). Red wine braised chicken served atop gratin potatoes were hearty and comforting. Vincent's Market Bistro also offers a $20, 3 course Prix Fixe menu. On my last visit delights were abound with the likes of creamy Butternut Squash Ravioli, Rainbow Trout and a scrumptiously sour Lemon Tart. This has to be one of the best deals in town that I know of. I mean really, food from a James Beard award winning chef at these prices is unheard of. Great food, good prices and excellent service all set in a romantic atmosphere, well; there is one caveat, the hours. Vincent's Market Bistro closes at 8pm, so plan on eating early. We arrived around 6pm on a Saturday night and by 7pm the place was completely filled. Be sure to check their website for times including breakfast, brunch and lunch.
Bruschetta: GreatWine: GreatAmbiance: GreatPizza: AMAZING. The Crust! The cheese! The Texture! The perfect taste! yum yum yum!  I typically get the Tricolre and sub tomatoes for the meat. But really, anything you choose is going to be AMAZING. I will spend my entire life hoping that I can find another pizza place as good as Cibo, and it will never happen.
No Way!! Such a Bad Call!!Watched the Seahawks and Packers go at it 3 days ago.  Here in this tucked away almost hidden Brewery.  Watched while the replacement Ref held his arms up for touchdown which caused the bar to go in an uproar.  I was enjoying my Mac and Cheese Pizza (that's right, it was a Pizza with Mac and Cheese and bacon, so comforting)  when I started yelling with my mouth full and food spraying out "WHAT!?!...REALLY!?...NO Effing Way". I decided my TV was somehow broadcasting wrong so I searched the MANY TVs that hung throughout the interior, just to see the same thing over and over again at many different angles.  While the bar waited for the final decision; I enjoyed a pint of....good beer.  Unfortunately I do not remember the name of the beer I had, as I was more engrossed with the outcome of the football game, which was not the outcome it should have been.In the mean time, it is Monday night, Trivia Night.  Out of 20 questions, I got 7 right. I couldn't figure out a 6th grade math problem and I didn't know Gangum Style was the most LIKED youtube video.  But you live and learn. I had enjoyed my time here.  Even enjoyed the trivia, which surprised me.  I am not one for Trivia,  too much like pop quizzes from school.  But with good Beer and eats,  and no worry about failing,  pop quizzes can  be enjoyable.But wtf Really?!  Touchdown??
Amazing food, ultra cozy atmosphere, and a huge patio (a little too cold for the patio tonight). The owner operators are obviously passionate about great food and great cocktails.I had the Scallops and she tried the Pork... both done to perfection. Try the creamed corn with jalapenos for a side!!!The menu is simple yet diverse (steak, chicken, pork, shrimp, scallops and fish), and they also offer nightly specials if you burn through the menu too quickly. Highly recommended for a romantic dinner... I will be back to try lunch next time I'm in the area.This gem is off a side street near 7th and Bethany, and in a courtyard off of that street... Good luck finding it :) *Thanks goes to Groupon for helping me find this place...
My Sister-in-law's mom forces her and my brother to take her to Knock Kneed Lobster every time she comes into town from Baltimore.  We met up with them .2 piece fish and shrimp w/chips.  They even have pasta for the vegetarians!  The Mizithra Cheese Pasta was WAY WAY WAY better than The Spaghetti Factory!  We got a side of hush puppies...SOOOO YUMMY!  WAY WAY WAY better than Pete's Fish and Chips (which is still good).There is only 1 problem ... no Diet Coke ....Pepsi products :(
This place changed names about a year ago, Its now called Pier 54.Best place to take a date!  *(If you are only gonna get a few drinks while the sun is setting)  Dont expect too much from the food, they have a tiny kitchen inside and cant do too much with it, but they worked hard with what they have.  I was a Bartender/Server here for about 2 years and I still love this place.  Its nice and quiet, its all outdoors, with a beautiful view of the lake, and a dock that you can drive up to on your boat.  It has super regulars that all live around the lakes area, some are nice, some...  haha.  It has some cool live music on the weekends I believe, it closes kind of early but then again it gets pretty cold at night.  The owners are real nice, and they do a catering business on the side, which you can contact to rent certain sections of the restuarant for private parties, even get live music if you wanted!  Great people, good drink prices, service is kind of slow sometimes.  Also..  Great to bring your dog to.  It was and still is a dog friendly bar.  This is definately one of my favorites.
The chicken shwarma, kaftta and hommus deluxe are excellent. The garlic sauce is so good I want to drink it. Can you smell my breath from here?Awesome staff and a cool store in the back. Try the cookies and the baklava, they're delicious.
I no like.I thought the atmosphere was awful.  Too bright and hospital like for my tastes.I thought the staff was incredibly snotty, inept and downright rude.I thought the wine selection left a lot to be desired.It was cheap because it was happy hour.  We got the cheese plate only to discover that the cheeses were from Trader Joes cheese section, and were rather... commercial and blahIt also came with sliced pepperoni.  Pepperoni?  Really?I just didn't like it.Which is truly a shame, because I was hoping it could become my new wine happy hour staple.   But alas, I'll keep searching....
There are just not enough TCBY's around anymore.  Remember when they used to be everywhere?  In most shopping complexes and at every mall?  What happened TCBY?  What happened?Now, you're lucky to find one, but when you do, take advantage!  They have delicious low-fat and non-fat frozen yogurt flavors and of course, all kinds of candy toppings to put on them.Last time I got a tasty cookies and cream flavor and added oreos to it.  My thinking was that since the ice cream was low fat, that made it okay to add the cookies to it.  I see nothin' wrong with a little cookies and cream.
This is a cool bar. The patio gives it a big edge over Hanny's or Sidebar any day. The inside is clean and inviting (ReBar side). I had the nachos and chicken wings - both were delicious. This is a decent alternative to some of the places downtown and uptown.
This is a great place to go if you're in the Tempe area and have a craving for a good hot dog. Make sure you're not in a rush when you come here because you do have a bit of a wait after placing your order but it's worth it. The grilled taste of the wiener sets this apart from hot dogs from other places. I also liked the onion rings a lot; they were very lightly battered and an order is quite generous - enough for two people.  Lots of seating, indoor and outdoor, and a very relaxed atmosphere.
Not a huge fan of this chain but this particular location has a lot going for it! First, the service is always very good- they are extra friendly here. Second, we visit for lunch, and my Wife works at Chase bank nearby, so we are always sort of in a hurry. They are really cool about processing the check during the meal so we don't have to wait for it until we are finished. Clean, friendly, lots of parking, fast, friendly, good stuff!
Blue Moon you saw me standing aloneWithout a drink in my handWithout a mug of my ownBlue Moon you knew just what I would care forYou had a brew I would dare forFour ales I fell off my chair forAnd then suddenly the check appeared before meThe one I wasn't prepared forI heard someone whisper 'I'll drive"And when I looked the moon had turned to amberBlue Moon now I'm relaxed after my stressful weekWith good times with some friendsWith some brews of my ownMaybe drunk yelping is not a good idea............
First off, they don't even deliver! Wtf!! Pizza is hands down the worst in surprise. Ate there once and that was enough for us. Service was horrible. Dominos is way better
When I was a wee little chit I really enjoyed the myth of the cowboy. Seeing how I'm a native of Arizona, there were plenty of places that satisfied my preoccupation with fried rattlesnake and buffalo burgers, ghost towns and hole in the wall saloons where I'd feel like a hot shit sitting down for a sarsaparilla. One of my favorite places to frequent as a kid was Bill Johnson's Big Apple, where there was sawdust on the floor, the wait staff carried pistols and sported Texas-sized big hair, and the whole rustic feel piqued my excitement.I recently returned to this place after a 15 year hiatus, once for breakfast and once for a Father's Day lunch, and I was sorely disappointed that it no longer held the same mystique. It's really not the food or the atmosphere that has changed. It's the same old place it's always been, it's just that my expectations that have risen over the years. I've had some truly superior barbeque since I was a kiddo, and Bill Johnson's no longer measures up.Breakfast is simple, with a variety of hearty combos. The hash browns were a disappointment, soggy, oily potatoes with no other flavor. The biscuits were mediocre and extremely thick, more like fresh hard tack than a fluffy treat. Eggs, fried breakfast meat and chicken fried steak are difficult to screw up, so that all came out fine. Not exemplary, but perfectly acceptable. At lunch my father, two sisters and I had five different barbequed meats between us and a steak, with a bunch of sides to share and sample. All of the meat aside from the steak had a smoky flavor that wasn't too vinegary or sweet, as some barbeque sauces tend to be. The pulled pork and beef brisket were delicious, but had huge chunks of fat floating around in them that repulsed my gristle-hating taste buds with their texture, so I had to be vigilant. There was nothing extraordinary about the steak or the pork sausage, and the chopped pork sandwich was a bit on the dry side. Side dish wise, I was very disappointed. The coleslaw was terrible, swimming in mayonnaise with no hint of any other flavor. The chicken noodle soup was decent, with doughy noodles, but also was lacking in flavor and contained very little chicken. The barbequed beans tasted nothing like their exemplary meat counterpart. However, the chili was quite good, with cheddar cheese, onions, green peppers, pinto beans and plenty of meat. There was not much spiciness to it, but the flavor was great. Or I was just exceptionally hungry. For dessert we had their deep dish apple pie, which tasted the same as it would have from the freezer at my local grocer. I was mildly disappointed by the service each time I went. The wait staff were slow and terse, and at one point insulting. My littlest sister is adopted and the woman straight out asked, "Oh, you're just visiting these good folks, aren't you?" At which point my jaw dropped, she gave the woman a quizzical look and said, "No, I live with them." That's down right rude to me, but seeing how it was Father's Day we kept on smiling and munching on home cooking.I'm not sure if I'd return again based on the overall experience, but I know I'll always have fond memories of it from childhood.
Quaint and unpretentious!We stopped in for a bite ...Mixed Greens,Fresh Mozzarella( great)Prosciutto, Tomato  Pesto and Balsamic with a nice toasted Baguette ..salad was super fresh and yummy !Salami,  Sweet Peppers,Chevre sandwich was great as well .Cute beers,ciders ,jams ,mustard's ,olives ,wines by the glass and wine tasting is also offered. Various grilled artisan cheese sandwiches ,cold sandwiches,cheese and meat plates adorn the simple menu. The cheese here is no joke ..full bodied ,palate blasting cheese .We left with some jam and Limburger ..and smiling faces !Super  friendly and nice service .we felt really welcomed here.Love cheese ??? check them out !we will be back !
Rokerij, I still think you are the ish but I have to tell you, since you began serving Richardson's menu on top of yours I don't think you can handle all of this attention. We booked a reservation of 10 people and you SPLIT us up into two cubbies. Not only did you NOT warn us you were doing this but you reiterated that we were told when we made the reservation that our party was split. We weren't told in advance and that bums me out! After waiting 30 minutes for our split table, the service was wonderful, the food was divine, but some of the girls were in cranky moods. I jsut suggest when you have a larger party - I wouldn't leave them waiting - i know you are a super succesful and busy restaurant - but we all mattter!
This is one of my favorite places to eat.  It has the best chicken fried chicken I have ever had, and the mashed potatoes are excellent.  The salad is simple yet delicious.  The thing with Texaz grill is that I believe you can only go there and order 2 things off of their menu.  They are famous for the chicken fried chicken and the chicken fried steak, this is what you must order, and this is what everyone comes back for. If you are not a fan of these 2 items, then this place is not for you. Everything else on the menu is just average.  The portions are huge, you can easily split an order with someone, or take half of your meal home for left overs, which I think is a great value.  The decor is like a in the middle of nowhere Texas bar,  it's not fancy, and it's not meant to be.
New to the neighborhood here in Phoenix.  I was looking forward to checking it out.Burgers ... Just OK.Milkshake ... Really good.Service ... Just OK.Sad to say I won't be back (unless all I'm craving is a milkshake). Culver's is much better for burgers and fries and their service is five stars  everyday.  Just say'in ...
I was looking forward to giving this Nick's a try, since I really enjoyed my meal at the Tatum & Shea location.  So, after a long long work day leaving me with no desire to cook (hey, wait - I never really want to cook...) - take-out, anyone!?  I called on the way home from work and by the time I got there my order was ready to roll.  I like when someone tells me that my food will be ready in 15 minutes and it actually is.  Yay!  The pizza (pepperoni and mushroom, of course) had a thin, but not too thin crust and good cheese/topping coverage.  The house salad was simple, cool and fresh.  While I haven't stayed here for dine-in (yet!) I was very happy with my take-out order.  Thanks Nick, for helping me to be lazy.  :)
If you are looking for REAL NY pizza, then look NO FURTHER than Ray's!!! My first time there I was taken by my Mom, who obviously has GREAT TASTE, and told it is the "BEST PIZZA IN TOWN!" And no truer words have been spoken about a pizza joint! The pies have HUGE slices! The employees are TRUE BLUE New Yorkers!And BEST OF ALL...... GREAT TASTING PIZZA!!! You've got to try it to believe it......I guarantee you won't feel the same way about pizza!
The only thing you need to know about this place is that it's the best dim sum you can get in Phoenix.  Do yourself a favor and go try it.
Awesome food and great service!
yummy! i had the yellow chicken curry lunch special, level 3 heat. not spicy at all so next time i'll try it at 4. it came with egg drop soup which was mediocre after adding soy sauce(so i guess it was only good after adding something to make it taste like something else therefore skip the soup), a salad, plus the entree and choice of rice. it was pretty inexpensive, like just under $9. good deal. it was tasty, fast, and clean. i'll be back!
I really love coming to Postino.  They have great food, a great selection of wine and a trendy atmosphere.  The restaurant itself is pretty open and airy, but when it gets packed in there, it gets PACKED.Postino definitely isn't lacking for customers- that's for sure.  My favorite things on the menu are as follows:The olive appetizer (I LOVE olives), the cheese course, the bruschetta (you get to pick a few ingredients to put on it and it's amazing), the vegetarian panini and the warm chocolate tarte. I've never had a bad food or wine experience at Postino, and I could tell that the staff is highly trained on all menu items and the wine they offer- which is a refreshing change. Our server also recommended a really good dessert wine to go with the tarte, and it was fantastic. I wish I could remember the name of it, but I can't.
What a beautiful setting for luxury dining and sunset watching! Just as the sun is about to set, the electronic shades lift seamlessly and very Bond-like to reveal the sun kissed mountains and orange blush sky. People who often say that Arizona is dry and barren should come here and see just how different it can be!Memorable food items included:    Braised short ribs entree with sticky rice, brussel sprout and bacon kimichi with Korean BBQ sauce.  - This is a must order!     Duck confit mooshu chickpea crepe appetizer -unique in flavor and texture     Fiery calamari appetizer - just the right amount of spice     Lobster bisque (soup of the day) - Rich and delicious      Truffle whipped potatoes side dish - Addicting and irresistible Summer prix fixe: (this menu changes daily and must be requested)     Rock shrimp over pork belly and Basil fried rice - really good     Chicken breast dish over mashed potatoes, but not the truffle whipped potatoes - my friend enjoyed her dish, but also just described it as "good"     Lava cake with vanilla gelato - Perfectly done!Our group was celebrating a birthday, so the waitress brought out a special PB Bomb dessert on the house with the words, "Happy birthday" written in chocolate. They also brought out 4 yummy cookies along with our bill. We felt really spoiled by our wonderful, patient waitress (I say patient because it took us forever to decide what we wanted at first. She didn't rush us and thoroughly explained our dish choices to help us decide what to order). Thanks Elements and staff for making our friend's birthday so special and memorable!
The Italians....not only do they have the best food, some of the best wines, the most beautiful country-side....but now its confirmed...the best dessert...GELATO!!....what can be next??I cant believe that this place has been here for 3 years....and its within walking distance to my own fort. These 2 italian women are definitely onto something here. This little shop has about 30 different flavors... so far I have tried the Tobblerone, Dolce Latte and Spagnola (eggnog!).....I will be back to try the 27 other flavors!
I would have written a 5-star review about Spinato's anyway, but after an experience this weekend, I had to Yelp about it ASAP....  I drove from Mesa just to pick up pizza for my family (yes, it's that good), and when I was getting in my car to leave, I was holding the pizza and the box caught the corner of my rear-view mirror.  The entire large pizza spilled in the front seat of my car, all over the console, gear shift, seat, floor, etc.  It was a mess!  I tried to clean it up, but I really needed soap and water, so I went in to ask for some napkins.  The manager, Tim, overheard me ask and asked what happened.  When I explained, he immediately got me wet towels to clean up the mess and made me a new pizza, free of additional charge!  He obviously didn't have to do that, as it was not Spinato's fault in any way.  Plus, the place was packed (as usual), but he bumped my pizza to the front of the line.  If I wasn't convinced before that Spinato's is the BEST-- not just for food taste but for customer service-- I would be sure of it now!Things to get:  the Sicilian pizza.  It's thick and awesome.  Order jalapenos on top.  They are a nice balance to the sweet sauce.  Also, get the starter salad and the raspberry vinaigrette dressing-- it's tart and perfect.Something unique:  the spaghetti-filled calzone.  Yep, you heard me-- carbs baked inside of carbs!  :)The servers are great, the management is great, the location is great (easy parking and plenty of it, including street parking), and the food is SO WONDERFUL!  Try one of their multiple locations throughout the valley-- you won't be disappointed.Tip:  they don't take lunch reservations, but if you get there earlier than your appointed time, they have no problem pulling together multiple tables for larger groups.
A wonderful family restaurant in South Phoenix located on the corner of S. Central Avenue and I-17, this place has the BEST Mexican breakfast on the weekend since the old Matador closed on 1st St.  I always go for their chilaquiles.  A generous serving of homemade red sauce over corn tortilla chips and topped with two over easy eggs, this is a dish that can easily be split with a friend.  And the mariachis only add to this place's ambiance!  You won't be disappointed--the real deal!
After spending two hours looking at (and listening to) some wonderful instruments, Violeta and I decided to meet up at the cafe.The place was hoppin'!  It was 1pm, and there were actually two sections in this room.  While they had the same furniture, one area felt like a coffee shop, with the rounded counter adorned with cookies and deli cases filled with bottles of water and juices, and I don't know what else, since we decided to sit in the other section, which had a more "open" feel to it.  Large glass windows that allowed nature to envelope you, at least a little bit, and, I would have to say, it felt like a bustling bistro.  A bustling tree-hugging green bistro (and I type this in a loving, respectful way).  Wished there was more than just one busser, though.  If there were more, it certainly looked like there was only the one.  Waited for awhile for tables to be cleared.  Finally, I had to walk up to him to ask if he'd clean up ours.  If I hadn't felt rushed to sit and relax while waiting for the food to arrive before leaving for school, I wouldn't have minded the wait so much.  I liked the organic, high-end feel to the place, and the busyness of the line cooks, who looked more like they should be cooking at a fancy steakhouse, and the presentations of the menus and food make you feel like you're really paying for quality here.  The menus allude to the usage of local produce and the occasional organic item, but I'd like to see higher-quality oils being used-- say no to GM soybean, canola, cottonseed, and corn oils!  I enjoyed my 6 oz. grass-fed burger and perfectly-crisped and seasoned sweet potato fries.  Next time, I'm going to have to check out the desserts.  Some looked absolutely devilish!p.s.  Didn't like having to retrieve my own cutlery or napkins.  The atmosphere calls for cutlery enfolded in cloth, and on the table, not sitting in metal holders, like you're at a buffet or at the cafeteria at work.  The paper napkins were of high-quality super-absorbent material, though, I must say.
My third time here and all kept getting more disappointing than the previous. The pizza has a rock-hard crust. First visit I had the roasted mushroom pizza. I really don't want al dente fungus on a pizza. Second visit I had the Mac n Cheese. You have to step your game up for Mac n Cheese in this neighborhood. I guess if you like really salty Mac n Cheese, this is your place. Third visit, the egg pizza. Seriously, after being open for a couple months, have your oven dialed in so not to dislocate your jaw trying to eat the crust. Total disappointment for a needed neighborhood pizza joint. They do have good beer prices for happy hour. That's a positive.
Its been a long time since I've eaten anything for breakfast other than your standard US Egg/Diner food. Metro is in a class all its own. I seriously had the best breakfast I have ever had in AZ.  The service was friendly & professional. Also, very helpful & knowledgeable AND PATIENT while describing the French items. At our table we had eggs benedict, THE BEST eggs benedict I have ever had (not like the quail egg on a cruoton you get at T. Cooks) beyond delicious salmon crepes,and the egg white omelette was even good for  being healthy.  I cant wait to go back bc I've heard (and now seen) the famous tempura bacon. If you need a good breakfast, skip all the rest & come to the best. You won't be disappointed!! This IS the ONLY spot for breakfast. Not to mention an entire "hangover cure" cocktail menu. GENIUS!!!!!
It sucks that my liquor cabinet has a huge selection of booze but they're all only about a quarter inch full.  Now enter Total Wine and More.I get weak in the knees when I come in here.  I just want it all.  I LOVE the fact that they always have wine tasting going on when I come in and I can be counted on to buy a bottle of whatever they are serving up, gotta support the cause.  One of my favorite places to shop!
New info from AJs, they have reconsidered and plans to close this store are currently on hold.*************************************************************AJ's will be closing this location at the end of March 2008.The currently are planning to replace AJ's with a Sportsman's as they bought the name several months ago.
We have lived in Encanto Park for several years however never stopped in this place.  As previously mentioned - the place looks a little scary from the outside!  We saw the Yelp reviews and thought what the heck?  The menu has a wide variety of dishes.  We had the chicken taco, the barbacoa and carne asada burritos.  Everything was seasoned well.  The barbacoa is cooked in some type of red chili sauce.  The carne asada was a bit fatty however flavorful.  The small flour tortillas come out hot off the stove.  They are great!   We also discovered they carry bottled Coke and other sodas from Mexico.  I loved the condiment bar with the various salsas and toppings which included limes, cucumbers, radishes, and cabbage.  The pico de gallo and guacamole sauce were my favorites.  Unlike America's Taco where you are given a tiny bit of everything on the side, this place is a free for all!The interior was immaculate!  The decor is not great.  Plastic chairs and tables.  The front counter gal could not answer any of my questions.  The server though was extremely nice - especially considering our two year old dumped a plate of rice on the floor!  This place reminds me of Wishell's donuts down the street.  The exterior is terrible but inside they have the most heavenly donuts and croissants!  The place sells out by 8 am!  You would never know by looking at it from the outside.Lesson learned - don't judge a book by it's cover.
I don't know exactly what to say about this place. I hated it - I know that for sure. I just can't put words together as to why. I wasn't impressed with the guac - so what if some emo guy with horn rimmed glasses stabs at some avocados and other diced veggies with a spoon for 30 seconds? Is that supposed to make me piss myself with excitement? Anyway, it tasted pretty bland... and for $10.50, I think it should taste better. The chips that came with it were a little greasy, but okay. Our entrees were about 15 bucks each and I almost laughed when they arrived... four tiny pathetic lukewarm soft tacos alone on a cold plate. It looked like something I could've bought on a street corner in Rocky Point for 2 bucks. We had the option of getting salads or fries with our tacos... FRIES. How is that Mexican? We had the salads which were okay... They only had corn tortillas which I personally don't like. I had carne asada and my girlfriend had shrimp... the beef was pretty good - and the shrimp was okay. The cheese they put on our tacos was kinda gross. Neither of us were really impressed. On top of that, the place was pretty loud... I guess it's understandable for a small crowded space. Maybe they could've used some acoustic panels or something. My table almost tipped over on me - I just never felt comfortable there at all. I actually felt so uncomfortable I forgot what stuff was - like I had to ask him to clarify what carne asada was (something I order and eat all the time). I just got all confused after looking through their menu. The server was fake nice to us, but I felt hated... we only saw him at the beginning and end of our meal... we kinda got ignored on the drink refills - I think it's cuz we weren't ordering booze (which they make a fortune on).As food goes, this place is edible, but not good. It's nowhere near worth these prices. It's comparable to the Pink Taco, but slightly less douchey perhaps? Neither place is very authentic (or good). I asked what on the menu was spicy and he said 'nothing." They also only have one dish with rice - ONLY ONE - and it's just a special because they normally don't have any dishes with rice. What the hell is that? I sometimes wonder why people like places like this... it's as though they just like it because the place is crowded and the food is expensive. It's just bland food. Overrated. Overpriced. This place can suck it - I won't be back.
HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:My Happy Hour comrad and I pulled up to Furio at 5 p.m. and got a front-row parking spot. Nice. Already, our experience was off to a great start. Then we saw the door. This massive, square glass door (outlined in a wood trim) that had a Furio F-shaped door handle with a subtle "pull" sign above it - it was all we could do to not stop and stare. Pulling the door open was easier than we imagined. We stepped right inside and both went, "Oh, wow..." The decor is very cool. With 70's retro hanging lamps (that look like cinnamon rolls, my friend said) with high-leg tables, high-back booths, slick white lounge chairs and a pink-tinted back-lit bar. We were instantly less stressed just being here. I had to try out the black high-back booth in the "lounge-y area." I sat down and was in love, I tell ya. The hostess, who was chipper, smiled at us. "Isn't that great? I love that." Then she sat down on one of the white chairs that looked like it was covered in a protective plastic coating. "Try these chairs." We sat down with her. Oh, very nice. That's when we decided to have our happy hour in this area. We both opted to sit on the bench with the comfortable high-back. The shin-high table greeted us with a happy hour menu, along with a shimmering candle. Very nice. $4 glasses of their house wines - cab, merlot or chard. Nice! We bypassed the apple tini and cosmos. I wondered aloud about their "domestic" beers for $3. Come to find out, that only applies to the "great American lagers." We had to laugh with the waitress/bartender on that one. Double ugh for not even offering a deal on "super domestic" beers like 8th St. Ale and Kiltlifter, although they do carry them. Nikki, our server/bartender, was great! It looked like she was covering the entire front portion of the place. She was attentive, informative and friendly. She had this unique Bohemian appeal, too. And her attire was comfortable, which made me curious about the place. "I think I could work here," I said. My friend laughed. "I was thinking the same thing. Maybe a return visit behind the bar?" I had no idea my friend has experience slinging drinks. Furio lent itself to free-flowing conversation, in which my friend and I got to know each other better. "That's 3 more percent about me you didn't know before," I was told. I'll drink to that! We ordered Pane Rustica for $5. They were two medium-sized bistro-like sandwiches. One was chicken with tomatoes. The other had mushrooms. They were both heavenly. The bread - oh that bread! - was melt-in-your-mouth yummy. And for $5? It was like the perfect app to go along with our wine. I tried their house cab and was very impressed. My friend got their chard and enjoyed it. We toasted to banter, since it's so incredibly hard to find in a partner/love interest. But, man, when you do find it, wowza. It's amazing! After sitting and chatting a while, soaking in the soothing lounge music (which we both really liked), we ordered their Build-Your-Own pizza for $7. The topping options are expansive, including eggplant and artichokes. We got it with everything, minus the prosciutto. It was very, very, very good! And for $7! We each were able to have 3 pieces to ourselves. Perfect. Another great food pairing with our individual wines. I love Furio for happy hour, when I'm feeling like relaxing with wine and light bistro-like fare. Especially in an environment that has some of my favorite things: modern, comfortable furniture with good prices and relaxing lounge tunes. There's also a nice outdoor patio with candlelight. Very romantic if you can go on a night that allows you have the patio all to yourself. The bathroom is a one-person bathroom, which is nice. It's very big with a large mirror and pink walls. I liked it. It didn't come with any funky hard-to-operate sink, either. In that bathroom is where my friend picked up three Furio cards announcing regular events. Here's what she found:Martini's & Manicures$10 for a Martini and a Manicure Monday nightsFlight NightFeaturing the latest and greatest in boutique wines First Thursday of the month1/2 Price WineEvery Sunday nightThere are plenty of reasons to go back to Furio. Happy Hour being one, definitely. Checking out their weekly events is definitely another! I'd give Furio 5 stars, but I can't, since this is a review of Happy Hour and I didn't see the full menu. Not to mention they only have yucky Bud, Coors and Michelob beer on their happy hour menu. That's reason enough to dock 'em one star. Too bad. I think I fell in love with Furio. And it only cost me $16 (with tip).
It really isn't bad for what it is. I'm currently mowing down on one of the most bizarre and wonderful salads EVER (okay, there's mac and cheese and some orange slices in here too), and with a drink, it cost just under $8. Word to the wise: My roommate taught me the clever trick of getting a to-go container. Cram as much shit in there as possible and try to shut the lid. Theory is this: You probably couldn't eat it all in one sitting, but you can refrigerate it, so you could squeeze 2 meals out of it. Eating there promises a fat belly, but no to-go.
This place turned to crap.  I remember when it first opened I loved this place.  I thought it was the best Chinese Food in town.  Flo took so much pride into her recipes.  I am not sure what went wrong.I can't speak for all the servers there, but ours was terrible.  No personality just a freaking robot.  She came up to the table to greet us by saying "Are you ready to order"  How about some drinks lady?  I can get by with horrible service if the food is good, but the food was lousy.We ordered chicken lettuce cups, 2 different types of soup and 2 entrees.  They tried to bring the soup out first but I asked them if we could get our app first.  The chicken that came with the lettuce cups was just the fatty pieces of the chicken they don't used with the entree, but all minced up.  The texture was gross and the flavor was bland.  The soups were the only reason this review got 2 stars.  Pretty good.  Wife had wonton soup and I had seafood shelfish soup.  The entrees sucked.  We shared Crispy Spicy Chicken which was more like Soggy Salty Chicken and the Orange Beef which was decent but soggy which made it not as good.  The server never came by again therefore I went the whole meal without anything to drink.For sure we will not be coming back anytime soon.  I am not sure why this place stays busy, it's not worth my time.  If I wasn't so hungry, I would have returned the entrees and app.
When you walk in, you're assaulted with a decor that some people think represents Hawaii: surfboards, pineapples, a smattering of "exotic" words and sayings, twangs on a uke overhead, and bold splashes of green and blue. Very, very slick and expected marketing. As you can tell, this is a turn-off for me, because it's inauthentic. It's a little much. But the food is decent. The grilled mahi mahi plate is actually good because the fish tastes fresh (for AZ) and there is a brown rice option. The mac salad is a little bland (cardinal sin for locals) and the dipping sauces simply confuse me. They bring nothing to the items on the plate. I've also had the katsu (breaded fried chicken) which was ok, but didn't remind me of local kine grinds. I think Moki's is worth a shot. But I'm actually disappointed that they had malasadas at the Aloha Festival but don't have it at their restaurant - because that would be one huge draw for me. It's great they have kalua pork on the menu.  But I'll personally only go now if outvoted. Because for real authentic Hawaiian (without the tackiness), I go to L&L. And then Ono Hawaiian.
This manager is a chauvinist pig, he has fired me because he has gotten a complaint on himself, he has made sexual comments to almost everyone that works there and is a very rude person. I would not take any one that I care about to this restaurant!!!
Back in 1994, my dad and his friend took me and my sisters to Nielsen's to try frozen custard for the first time.  From what I remember, it's more rich, much creamier than ice cream or frozen yogurt.  Since then, I've never been able to find anything that comes close to that creamy, custard-y frozen goodness.  Apparently it's not that common here on the west coast.Last I went back, because I had to have that smooth chocolate cone once more.  There was a wait, which wasn't uncommon, being summertime in the AridZone.  There wasn't a nice little old lady helping us; instead there were teenagers running about behind the counter.  The entire place, small as it was, felt kinda...sticky, I suppose.  The napkin counter was gross from melted messes and grinder condiments.  I tried to hide my slowly-growing disappointment until I could taste the frozen custard I once knew long ago.  Unfortunately, the custard itself was just not the same.It tasted like plain ol' chocolate ice cream.  There wasn't anything custard-like about it.  :(**Upon searching for reviews on the Net, I found that the Neiesens had sold the shop to a different owner, which would explain the downfall of  my favorite dessert spot.  However, they've recently gained ownership once again, this of course after my unfortunate visit last year, but I have high hopes!  Although I have few reasons to ever find myself in Arizona again, at least I know there's one thing to look forward to if it happens.
If you have the money to eat here DO IT! The food amazing and the atmosphere makes you feel like a million bucks (or 6) hehe. We were seated by the pool for dinner and it was perfect. The service was great and our waiter explained items on the menu very well. Drinks were ordered to celebrate our anniversary. Chris(my bf) got a Coor's light and I got drink that tasted like a cucumber mojito and it was very strong. Our waiter dropped off a bread basket filled with sourdough rolls and onion focaccia. I promised myself I wouldn't fill up on bread but it was hard not to break that promise. For dinner we ordered a caesar salad, steak, and shared the lobster gnocchi. Best meal ever!My only complaint is that they didn't do anything special even though I told the receptionist that we would be celebrating our anniversary. I loved every minute of my dinner here so it's really not a complaint I was just surprised they didn't at least offer dessert. It won't prevent me from coming back. I'm glad I chose Dominick's to celebrate our anniversary. I'll be back soon!
sunday breakfast here is really nice. a couple times a month we get up early, sit on their lovely patio and enjoy a lazy breakfast. this location has plenty of tables and chairs outside that are comfy and sturdy. he always enjoys the waffle, which is always served with lots of fresh strawberries that i pilfer. i like the eggs, toast, fruit and bacon (bacon is redistributed to his plate). the bread they use for toast is always awesome ... they call it leven bread, but i think it tastes like sourdough. the fruit portion is a bit small and full of melon, but enjoyable and fresh. portions are neither too big nor too small. staffers are helpful and friendly. all around a really good, consistent breakfast spot.
Came here for AZ Restaurant Week. This place was completely packed on a Tuesday night, but we'd made reservations ahead of time so we were immediately seated. This place is dimly lit, but not to the extreme where you cannot read the menu without your server pulling out a pen light. That's annoying so things were already off to a great start. Everything was delicious. I loved the sun-dried tomato butter that came with the bread. We had very generous servings of the french onion soup. It's the best I've had. It was very flavorful. We ordered the lamb and the fillet Mignon. Both were pretty good. I'm not sure what to think of the mint sauce that came with the lamb. I didn't love it, but I didn't hate it either. We ended off the night stuffing ourselves with a creme brulee and chocolate mousse. We find it hard to say no to dessert. The service was great. Our glasses of water and wine were never empty and our courses were fairly well timed. I hear they have a great happy hour and I liked the bar area so we will certainty be back for drinks.
Family owned thai restaurants are incredibly consistent.  I have yet to have a bad Curry, Pad Thai, or Stay.  It is always very vibrant and flavorful.  Thai Spices carries on that tradition of consistency as everything was good and to our expectations.  Nothing more, nothing less. The location is diverse and clean.  While it had the customary pictures of Thai royalty on the wall, the decor was decidedly different and contemporary urban. All in all a good spot.  A solid candidate for the best thai in Mesa.
You've got to hand it to Candace Nelson; she knows how to bake up palpable buzz.  You need look no further than the perpetual line at Sprinkles Cupcakes in Scottsdale.  If only the cupcakes were as good as the hype.  Unfortunately, they are not.It comes down to style over substance.  Sprinkles Cupcakes has a great look from the windows frosted with the outlines of cupcake wrappers to the spare wood display racks.  The aesthetic is clean, modern and restrained.   The cupcakes are impeccable in terms of their appearance.  The bakery even offers an interlocking cardboard stand with optional ribbon trim to create a display for a special event.  The graphics and design are top-notch.  While we may eat with our eyes first, the disappointment creeps in once you move beyond the visual and taste the cupcakes.  At best, they're okay.  In order to give Sprinkles a fair shake, I pre-ordered a dozen online.  Anyone can order a minimum of a dozen cupcakes online with 24 hours advance notice.  The real advantage of the pre-order is that you get to skip the mayhem of the line.  It's worth it to walk right up to the counter and pick up your prepaid order without having to stand in the chaotic line and watch the crowd's tension level rise as they run out of flavor after flavor.  As a home baker who makes everything from scratch, I found Sprinkles Cupcakes to be resoundingly underwhelming.  Their signature Red Velvet Cake was a real disappointment.  The cake itself was bitter and sour at the same time.  It also had an unpleasant lingering aftertaste.  Actually, all of the cupcakes I tried with chocolate cake had the same bitter and sour taste combined with the lingering unpleasant aftertaste.  It was almost like the chocolate cakes weren't mixed properly before they were baked.  If it has been one or two cupcakes, I would have given them the benefit of the doubt; however, this place takes the concept of bittersweet chocolate to a new and very strange level.  The Carrot cupcake is also misnamed; it should be called a Spice cupcake instead because the presence of any carrot is nearly undetectable.  In fairness, the Coconut cupcake was the best of the 12 sampled.  The taste of both the cake and the icing was great; the cake itself was a bit stiff and dry (but less than the others sampled).  In terms of texture, the 12 cupcakes sampled varied from "sturdy" (e.g., nothing close to tender) to dry and crumbling apart.  This is definitely not what I expect from a premium bakery.  Some other reviewers have commented that the cupcakes are too expensive.  Clearly they haven't been to a grocery store lately to check on the price of butter, eggs, sugar, cream, cream cheese, etc.  The cupcakes are fairly priced for the premium ingredients that Sprinkles uses.  However, those ingredients are not falling into the most adept hands.  Perhaps this is an issue with a newly trained staff.  For the money and the pleasure of the experience, enjoy an Ooey Gooey from Tammie Coe instead of Sprinkles.  Tammie's cupcakes are the real deal and are everything that Sprinkles aspires to be.  Just be sure to allow Tammie's cupcakes to return to room temperature before you devour them.  They're sublime while the cupcakes at Sprinkles are serviceable at best.Sprinkles Cupcakes was worth trying once to see what all the hype was about.  However, I won't be back.
AZ Bread Company is one of my favorite lunch spots, and not just because it is a mile away from my office.They have amazing, fresh bread, delicious sides and high quality food.I normally always get the egg salad on Challah roll, but I have also had the egg salad stuffed tomato in the past. PS, they have amazing egg salad!!One of my favorite things about this place is the patio seating, especially since it is now fall (I can say that since we have two days in a row at 75 degrees for the high). Also, the interior is fun and brightly colored with a ton of windows making it full of natural light.The staff is always really friendly and you can often see the owner popping around making sure everyone is happy. I always feel... happy.. when I am here  :)
As you can see I am catching up on my yelping tonight...All i can say about cadillac ranch in tempe is that I had the worst experience here ever. The service was horrible, and so was the manager. My friends and I went there around 8:15 p.m. We just wanted to get a few appetizers and a few drinks.  We had this young brunette waitress. We asked her what time they stopped serving food. (I don't like to order right before to closing). She said she thinks they stopped serving at 9:30 p.m. but the bar at 1 a.m. We asked for waters to start while look over the menu. 15 minutes later, we get our waters. We tell her we're ready to order so the 5 for us order a beer each. She tells us she'll be back in a min to get our food order.  30 min pass and we still don't get our drinks. We try to flag our server down and she just  tells us to wait a second. We finally get our  drinks at 9:15.  (we were being as patient as possible, because we've all worked in the service industry before.) We tell her we are ready to order food now. She tells us that they stopped serving food already!!! By that time I was pretty pissed. I ask to talk to the manager, and she asks WHY? haha.. So by then I didn't even want to deal with a  little girl who absolutely had no clue what she was doing. The manager approached the table. I told him exactly what had happened.  He advises us that they serve food until 1030 p.m.  He apologizes about his server and says it wasn't her fault because she was busy, and she is new.  By this time it was already passed 10 p.m. She brings the check by and says to us, "by the way, it only took me 10 minutes to get my drinks, not 45min. But I'm sorry." WOW... decide for yourselves everyone!Hopefully that waitress found a new career, and that manager(heavy set, man, with curly red hair) found another career as well. How hard is it to get decent service these days?
Fresh fish in Phoenix.Say that 5 times fast. Maybe it'll come true. Or maybe, just maybe, you'll find yourself at The Fish Market. For lunch, I had their smoked salmon and tuna. I also ordered the artichoke heart. Mmm. I was anticipating something mouth-watering - a lunch meal I had to rave about later. What I got was pretty okay. The fish was cut up into chunks (yes, chunks) and the artichoke was pretty bland, despite how super yummy one can be, if prepared right. Price was reasonable. $5 for the 'choke; $8.50 for the salmon/tuna order, that came with some interesting sides: tasty pesto, crunchy crouton bread-thingys and this white stuff i had no idea what it was (no, it wasn't tarter; i tried it).The menu is large. It's hard to decide. Crab. Oysters. Fish tacos. Smoked Salmon. Shrimp Salads. Oh my.The service was decent - the type you appreciate at the time but can't really remember a day or two later. We got warm, fresh bread brought to our table, too, and plenty of drink re-fills. Overall, a good lunch. If I ever went again, I'd order something else. Too bad Phoenix lacks fresh fish options. Because, if this is as good as it gets, I better pack my bags tonight and hit the road for Seattle.
BEWARE THIS PLACE WILL RIP YOU OFF!!!  MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THE TOTAL OF YOUR ORDER WITH THEIR MENU PRICES!My wife and co workers ordered food last night.  They asked to pay separate for their orders.  The restaurant said it wasn't a problem.  They noticed after the fact that all 7 people were charged a $3 delivery fee.  THAT'S $21 ON TOP OF THEIR TIP THEY ALREADY GAVE THE DRIVER!!!  No one bothered to tell them they were getting hit up 7 times for a delivery fee, including the driver.They also asked if there were any specials or coupons going on at the moment.  The person on the phone said no.  They received a menu with their order and sure enough there were coupons.  On to the food, my wife's portion to the feast was salad.  For $14 she received 2 salads that fit in two small containers.  She said that a 99 cent salad at Wendy's had more going on than her $14 salads.  That's the last time anyone in this family orders from Rosatti's.   The bottom line is this area is CRAWLING with amazing Italian food.  IMHO, there is no room for ripping off your customers, there are so many other options in this area to choose from.  Judging by the low reviews and lack of effort this company is making to make things right, I can't see them being in business much longer.
Wow, what a wine bar!  I loved it here!   I was impressed from the moment I walked in.  Here's why:For starters, they have indoor and outdoor seating. I felt relaxed and welcome from the moment I walked into this place.  Great setup, with ample seating throughout the location.  In the center of the bar, there are huge wine barrels set up with glass on top for seating.  In the center of the barrel are a bunch of corks, and you could easily seat 4 at each table.  They also have a bar as well, a couch at the front of the store, and a few tables off to the side.  Plenty of patio seating as well!I was immediately greeted by the owner, who is Australian.  He got me a drink as soon as I entered, and I continued to walk around and observe.He carries a bunch of wines, along with a great variety of accesories to go with it.  Corkscrews, books, wine racks, decorative items, etc.   Great selection of items.I find that this place is really worth going to.  He has great hours, the place is well decorated, and has an original "feel" to it.  The owner guy says he's been there for about 6 years.The only negative thing I have to write is that most of this merchandise you can find cheaper elsewhere.  (I got my wine rack at Cost plus Market for half the price he was charging.)  I noticed his wine selection was reasonable and large, and he seemed to have a fair selection for great prices.  But, as I mentioned earlier, things like corkscrews, wine racks, and general decor I felt was overpriced. Thats okay, I'm here for the wine anyways!
Starving after 4 hours on the road but not wanting fast food places attached to gas stations Donna and I settled on Cracker Barrel. It's like every other Crack Barrel where you enter and exit the restaurant through a enormous gift shop full of surprisingly well prices candies, candles, knick knacks, toys, etc, etc. Food is comfort foods such as chicken fried steak, meatloaf, chicken and dumplings, ham, fried chicken, catfish, and other stuff. They even have breakfast. For my meal I had the hickory smoked bone-in country ham with fried okra and turnip greens for my sides. The ham was very smokey and tasted great. The greens were actually some of the best I've had. Chunks of ham hock all throughout the tender greens. Okra was fried perfectly and steaming hot. For $7.39 this was some good eats. Donna had the chicken and dumplings with "hashbrown casserole" and fried okra. Her meal didn't look good to me but she said it was excellent. Her meal was also $7.39. Very efficient and friendly service. Since you pay in the gift shop we couldn't resist and impulse bought some stuff. Their mission was accomplished!
Ah yes, American sushi.    White, frat boy sushi chefs.   The server was under 21 so her friend had to drop off the drinks as she followed here to the table.It's an alright place, not bad for ASU but that's where the buck stops. The asparagus app. was good. The rolls were good.  We didn't get sick, good.Smoking hot Asian hostess..... arrrrrrrr...............
I've wanted to try this buffet for a long time, since it's close to where I live and I pass by it all the time. Got my chance today, and was it worth the visit? Well, I did enjoy my meal but It wasn't something to write home about, either. I would say it's a moderately good Chinese buffet, not great. Some of  the dishes were just OK, some were good, a few were great. Recommended dishes: their fried chicken (just lightly flour-dredged, not thickly battered, and very tasty), the Singapore rice noodles, and the shrimp dishes. Other dishes, including dessert, were about typical for a  large Chinese buffet restaurant.  The restaurant is very spacious and the servers were very friendly. My meal here was not spectacular, but pleasant and satisfying enough.
Situated about 2 blocks from my office and directly next to a Starbucks means I'm here for lunch or a bite after work several times a month.  Bistro 24 is yet to disappoint. The service is always stellar, but it's the Ritz, so it ought to be.  The food is all quite good.  It's not the most romantic or fanciest dining room... There are more fun & eclectic places to take a date but is a great place to take a client or colleague for a bite.  i think of the Bistro as more of a lunch place than a dinner spot, but it certainly goes either way. If you are looking to try the Bistro but are on a bit of a budget, i would try one of these two little tips:1.  Check out Friday Night Grill... its about 35 per person and all you can eat.  They have steak freshly cooked on the grill outside and a variety of sushi and salads inside.  The desert table is decadent.  For less than you'd spend on a steak next door at Morton's, you'll get a ton of high quality delicious food.2.  Happy Hour is at 5pm.  Their appetizers and many drinks (including draft beer) are half off.  Get a Firestone Pale Ale or Double Brown Ale for just $3.  One of my favorite appetizers is the Ratatouille Pizza. (Only $7 during happy hour!). It's delicious and eats like a meal.  Bon appetit
The good: the atmosphere was nice. Weeknight shopping then girl date with BFF YL. The mediocre: The food is just average. First off, stay away from the sushi. YL and I didn't get sick, it just wasn't good. The calamari came in a large portion for an app, but it was too crusty and overdone so it was too chewy. We also had the clam chowder which was just okay. The bad: Our waiter was a bit spastic and came back way too often and way too quickly. I swear he only gave us 45 seconds to look at the menu, we asked for more time, and the he returns less than 2 minutes later. Grrr...
I was not expecting much from Lemongrass Thai, especially when my friend and I pulled into the sardine-tight parking lot. It looked like the most dingy place in Tempe. Little did I know it would be one of the best lunches I've had without spending a small fortune. In fact, without tip, my entree (with water) was $7.52. I ordered the #7 - with eggplant, green peppers, carrots and tofu (yum!) and nixed the onions. The dish came with a pile of white rice, a small egg roll and a little bit of dipping sauce for the egg roll. It was all VERY GOOD! The atmosphere doesn't amount to much. The service is just okay. The people taking your orders and bringing the food aren't what I'd call "people pleasers," but they're there to make some mean lunch dishes - not schmooze and win you over with charm. But, let's face it, the food spoke for itself. I had every intention of eating only 1/2 and saving the other portion for later. I couldn't stop eating. The flavors were great! And the fare was light enough that I wasn't stuffed and leaving with a bloated tummy. An added touch: A wrapped mint at the end. A sad note: I tried to order the Green Chai Tea. "No Green Chai Tea!" I was told. Bummer. I would definitely go back here and recommend it to anyone who likes Thai, especially those who are fortunate enough to live and/or work nearby. Just beware of the parking lot!
Roland beat me to it... I've been meaning to review this new location of Taylor's for awhile now.  I think they've been open for a couple of months - for breakfast and lunch.  They offer a full bar so I'm sure they will open soon for dinner too.I've been here on several occasions and I think the food is actually pretty consistent with their other location (44th street and Camelback).  Service is pretty quick and attentive.  I recommend their passion fruit iced tea if you're an iced tea fan.  I also recommend their tuna salad - it's made with non-fat yogurt and water chestnuts.  (I know it sounds weird but it's really really good).  I get their tuna salad sandwich in a whole wheat wrap.  It comes with tomato, lettuce and avocado and your choice of sweet potato fries, fruit, or mixed green salad.  It's all really really good.  If that doesn't sound appealing, there is for sure something else on the menu for you - breakfast is served until 3pm i think and there are tons of salads, sandwiches, and much more to choose from.Yes, it's in a strip mall, but isn't everything in Scottsdale in strip malls nowadays?  I guess I'm used to that.  This location seems like a good place to go with a group.  I would call ahead if you do so (even though it's never been too crowded when I've been).  I'm sure that their business will pick up soon - go check it out now before everyone reads this review and it gets crazy crowded!
Yes, as someone stated before, this place makes hooters look like a classy restaurant. You walk in, and the nurse tells you to sit wherever you want at this enormous awkwardly shaped table (a cross). I'm sure the owner or whoever designed it thought it was brilliant, but it was really awkward seating for our 6 person group. You sit on the outside of the cross, and the "nurses" work on the inside, taking orders/serving, etc. The inner lining of the cross also has mirrors, so you can check out your ugly nurses' asses from a variety of unflattering angles. And you end up staring and being stared at by other patrons of the restaurant, since you have to sit facing them.The food is really disappointing. Seriously, you expect the food at HAG to be like a "guilty pleasure," but for being that unhealthy, it has no flavor. Apparently, all they really intend is to clog your arteries, not to feed you something delicious. You can't justify putting that food in your mouth, because it tastes like soggy mush. Each patty is a half pound of unseasoned beef, cheese is optional. You have to go up and get your own tomatoes/onions/pickles (no lettuce), and also your own fries (which they charge extra for, and only put out in small batches, so you have to wait in line to get them since they run out so quickly). The fries, yes you would expect them to be delicious for being fried in lard, but no, they are soggy and gross. It was basically eating some disgusting potato and ketchup casserole. Oh, and all beverages come in a bottle, including water, which is another way for this cheap restaurant to charge you. Our "nurse" (i.e. waitress) was also 40+ years old, and should not have been wearing that skimpy outfit, and the other nurse was too fat for her job. I guess they make the ugly nurses work during weekdays (jk..not really). The service was terrible too. Seriously, there was barely anyone there, and the nurses acted like they were busy doing something, and never tended to us or followed up with us. Like dumbas$es we still paid tip.Anyway, go to hooters if you want better tasting food, better service, and better looking waitresses. I'm sure it's equally unhealthy, so don't feel bad. If you want burgers however, Red Robin has a tasty selection,, and their fries are absolutely delicious (and they bring them to you, so you're not standing in line like an a$$). Come to think of it, I think HAG stole their menu from In-N-Out. The burgers are the same, just bigger and flavorless. At In N Out, you can order a hamburger, a cheeseburger, a double-double, and then the "secret menu" of increasing cheeseburger sizes, and  which is exactly what HAG does. Basically, the way HAG runs its restaurant is to cut corners. Make you serve yourself, while still bringing your food to you to collect tip. The huge table is easy to service, cuz hey, it's just one huge table. You're not really engaged in what is supposed to be an amazing and awesomely unhealthy experience to remember. Nothing is fun about being at HAG. They don't live up to the theme of the restaurant than say, 5&Diner where you get the feel that you're in a 50s diner. Oh, and the music sucks.Bottom line, go to this restaurant if you want to clog your arteries. That's all you'll get out of your experience. That and regret.
I love beer. No I'm not talking about the mass marketed, mass distributed stuff that supposedly tastes great and is less filling. I'm talking about the flavorful heady craft brews that are interesting and actually flavorful. I enjoy beer much like I do food; it's a celebration of diversity, history and sensual stimulation, simply put, it appeals to all of your senses. One of the many cool things about beer is that it's like a meal in itself. With so many varieties to chose from there's bound to be one for every individual appetite out there.  Now where to get a great pint for a reasonable price?If you're not familiar, Four Peaks Brewery has been serving up tasty pints in the valley for years. Having 2 locations and a loyal following of people who appreciate beer, tasty pub grub at super low prices, both locations are pretty hopping on most nights. If you've ever heard of Kilt Lifter and 8th Street Ale which are served in most valley restaurants, those are Four Peaks creations.  The Tempe location actually has the whole brewery thing going on in a large warehouse type space, which was a creamery back in the day that now has the massive stainless steel vats for making some of their most beloved brews. The Scottsdale location has a similar warehouse feel including a more private mezzanine level. The bartenders and wait staff are very attractive and friendly, which you know gets kudos from me and if one of them is sporting a beard, even better! Though with the case of our server, it was definitely style over substance, maybe a bad hair day?Besides being with friends there isn't anything that goes better with good beer than good food. The menu seems to have been written with the beer in mind as well as used as an ingredient. The menu isn't super large but is easy to navigate with many salads, sandwiches and pizza's to choose from. Aside from everything being well priced, the portions are quite hefty, you won't leave hungry.  If you visit their website, be sure to sign up for the daily menu specials email. You'll receive 2 emails a day that features lunch and dinner specials for that day or night. The specials menu really gives the Four Peaks chefs a chance to be even more fun and creative. They can also be followed on Twitter as well as Facebook, isn't social networking great?!Great meals here begin with a great beer.  You'll notice a chalk board up on the wall displaying which beer is available including its alcohol content. You can use this as a point of reference as to how loaded you might end up. So be careful with the darker beers, not only will they fill you up like a meal in a glass but tend to get you snookered before the meal arrives. The Portero Chingon ($3) was an amazing Porter full of dark complexities with hints of chocolate and coffee. Those notes for me paired very well with the BBQ Chicken Pizza ($14.50/$17.50) which had a nice sweet and smoky sauce loaded with tender chicken breast. Pizzas come in 2 sizes, 12" and 14" but the 12" is of good heft and made a great appetizer for the table. To stand up to some of the stronger flavors of beer, the Bleu Light Special Burger ($9) with its thick juicy patty, hickory smoked bacon and smothered with blue cheese crumbles, was well grounded and a solid choice. Just to let you in on something, Four Peaks makes amazing beer bread it's similar to a really soft pita and makes for a great substitute to an ordinary bun. All sandwiches are served with your choice of beer battered fries, pasta salad or a garden salad; I went for the fries and couldn't have been happier with my choice. The fries are so light and crunchy you might finish yours and eat off a friend's plate and no I didn't do that. Yes I did.Now some sandwiches are served natively on beer bread like the Grilled Chicken Beer Bread ($9). They start with grilled chicken breast then add sauted artichoke hearts, mushrooms, green peppers, red onion, mozzarella and then top with a creamy cucumber sauce for a Greek/Mediterranean flare. Try ordering a Hefeweizen ($4) to accompany since the bright lemon notes tasted so great with the chicken and vegetables on the sandwich. Or, have a beer sampler with your meal ($9) so you can taste several different beers and see which one works best for your tastes. The melted Swiss cheese and the tangy sauerkraut on the Reuben ($8.50) tasted good with the Kilt Lifter ($4) but I'm excited to try the Oatmeal Stout ($4) next time.Beer bread, beer battered fries and drinking beer, sounds like a beer fest right? It get's even more interesting for desserts, you wont find a Tiramisu like this one. Called the Stoutamisu ($5) they take espresso soaked chocolate sponge cake, then layer it with Oatmeal Stout lady fingers and chocolate mascarpone cream. Its feather light and a mile high though not as sickening sweet as many I've tried. Goes down like many of the Four Peaks brews, nice and smooth.
Rachel, our server, is a historian. And she's historically accurate, which is to say, she's the reason we now dine here on the blood of enemies after our hockey games instead of Four Peaks. Pete, one of the other servers, accused her faking the other reviews about this place for her benefit. Well, it's true, I am Rachel and I have obtained Elite status as Richard Z, Brad E and Dallas G For the purpose of self promoting. It's taken me two years but it was well worth it. Meanwhile, the veggie burger is good, the onion rings are as well, and the wii and the $60,000 live action video game system make me stay for more abuse from Richie Z. Brad E beat me really hard in a sword fight last week as well.   It's good. If you're here, eat here.
I come here every single Tuesday. The have $1 tacos and burritos. The red and green sauce is amazing. I have never tried anything other than the tacos (shredded beef, chicken, ground beef) or the burrito (I went with shredded beef). The burrito is large and filling. The tacos are excellent. This place has a drive thru as well and is always busy.If it's Tuesday and you have a few bucks, stop here.
I can't speak to the coffee because I don't drink it.  But I can say the staff caught me peering in as they were closing, and welcomed me in anyway (and I mean welcomed me, not begrudgingly asked if I wanted anything warning me they're about to close) where I treated myself (because I always control the money) to an over-sized lemon bar.  While the lemon bar was not the best I've had, it was pretty good and it was over-sized and that's an extra star alone.  Oh, and they have Pellegrino Limonata, my favorite!
The first time I ate here was when my in-laws visited two years ago.  I had the teriyaki glazed salmon, and found it to be just okay.  The garlic mashed potatoes are whipped so I didn't really enjoy that either.After the food situation at ZooBrew was a bust, Dottsy Z and I with our plus ones zipped over here for dinner on Friday evening.  First off, we had excellent service, and there was free live soft porn for entertainment.  Stay tuned for Dottsy's review--she had the best view of the "action."  We started off with the toasted ravioli with meat.  I didn't think it was great, but I would have preferred the cheese.  My husband had a steak which he said was very good.  I went with the smoked salmon appetizer for a light dinner.  "Light dinner."  There are two words that usually aren't next to each other in my vocabulary.  With the salmon was warm pita, a horseradish mousse, and capers.  I couldn't detect the horseradish which was fine with me.  The plate was a nice combination of flavors.  A little green apple or cheese might be a nice addition, but I enjoyed it.I might have bumped Frasher's to four stars had Dottsy's plus one not found a piece of plastic in his sandwich (supposedly from the turkey).  As it is, I still can't say that I'm a fan.
I was in for a great surprise when I walked in Thursday afternoon. I was with my baby and craving something sweet, yet sour and also good for me. I walked in and was immediately greeted/served by Betty's husband. After going through a display case of flavors to choose from, he told me they have key lime pie with homemade graham cracker crust. I swear, he read my mind! So happy, I almost snagged it from his hand. I sat down, baby was sleeping, and quietly enjoyed my key lime paleta. It was creamy, and very tart with a little sweetness. Just the way I love key lime pie. The crust is what made it all come together. I can't wait to go in for more. Especially after talking to Betty herself. She said everything is fresh. Meaning no frozen fruits/juices added and flavors are seasonal.
I am highly annoyed with Sam's Club right now.  I have always been a fan of both Costco and Sam's, but more recently Sam's changed it's return policy on electronics.  Now from a business stand point I completely understand that you were sick of taking my big screen TV back every year or two to upgrade my set with such a liberal return policy.  This is not what upset me but rather that I tried to return a jumper box and a large floor lamp that  stopped working.  I don't ever keep my receipt because it is a membership club that files EVERYTHING I buy in their system.  The return policy is still rather liberal but if they cant find the item they make you feel like you are taking advantage of them.  You see the reason I buy almost everything at both Sam's and Costco is because they make these companies stand behind their products (crazy I know), why else would I pay for an annual membership.  Anyway, Sam's also says  that their system only keeps files now for 2 years.  I went over to Costco later that day and guess what...they have files that go back to 2001.  I know it seems crazy to return anything after that long but I am not one of  those tool-bags that returns everything and I spend quite a bit of money at each club since I go out of my way to purchase there.  The final straw was when my mom tried  to go back to have them fix a nail in a tire she bought from them just 1 month ago (keep in mind that discount will fix any tire for free no matter where you purchase it) and she also had her receipt but because I bought them for her for Christmas and she does not have a membership.  They would not help her without my Sam's club membership number....OK, well the number was worn out on my card and it took an additional 15 minutes with me arguing over the phone with these pricks that SHE HAS A FRICKEN RECEIPT!!!  I am strongly contemplating canceling my membership with these guys.  It probably wont matter since Walmart owns the world now but they cant stay on top forever if they keep changing their rules.
Visiting some friends in Phoenix and saw all the great reviews on Yelp for Lo-Lo's.  Any place that includes chicken & waffles in its name has to be able to back that up!Short version: everything was wayyyy better than we could have hoped for!  Possibly the best friend chicken I've ever had - golden brown and moist & juicy with excellent batter.  The straight-up fried chicken is superb, but I ordered mine "smothered" with chicken-onion gravy and it was soooo good.  The waffles are also great - light and flavorful batter with a hint of cinnamon.  And yes, Lo-Lo's proves that chicken & waffles belong together!Honorable mention: the sides.  We tried collard greens, fried okra, creamy grits and candied yams (some of the best I've ever had).  Not a single wrong order out of a table of 5 on our first visit - doesn't that tell you something?
This place is walking distance from my house, which is the greatest thing on earth.  Its clean, the staff is friendly, and I can get cheap and easy dinners for two that arent at all bad in a pinch.  And their produce doesn't suck, which I like.
After watching my favorite TV chef  Daisy Martinez prepare ropa vieja in her PBS cooking program last night, I had an overwhelming craving for that dish, so today I headed to Sabor Cubano where this was my fave dish when I came for buffet. As one of the recent reviewers mentioned, this establishment is NO LONGER A BUFFET, but is now a full-service restaurant. But that was OK, I came here for the ropa vieja. It was as delicious as I remembered it to be from my previous trips here, and came with a tasty side of moros (black beans and rice), a simple fresh salad, and toasted buns. A great satisfying meal, which would have been perfect if they lowered the volume of the music on their sound system.
Went with my 19 year old son for late breakfast today. Sadly, the food is delicious. It's everything else that ruined it! The waitress never cracked a smile and just seemed annoyed to even have to wait on us. We are about the friendliest people you could wait on so I have to believe she either doesn't like her job or just has a general over-all bad attitude. My son and I both ordered waffles. There was no syrup on the table so I asked her to bring some maple syrup with order. After she walked away we noticed that we were the only table without a bottle of syrup, so I grabbed a bottle from the table next to us. The waffles came, hot and delicious. When we got the check my son picked it up to look at it and he noticed that there was a charge of $1.75 for each of our little individual syrups that came with the waffle (which neither of us ended up using as we used the large bottle we had grabbed from the other table). When I asked the waitress about the charge she told me that "we had ordered syrup". I , of course said I had just asked for syrup ( not ordered) their "gourmet" syrup that I didn't even know about! She said she would have the manager take it off. She ended up sending some other employee over who insisted I had ordered syrup, which I guess translated into ordering their SPECIAL syrup. If you think this is sounding absurd, we're on the same page! I am the least picky or cheap person you could ever meet! It was 100% the principle! I even gave the lackluster waitress a 20% tip just because that's the kind of person I am! In the end, they took the charge off for one of the syrups because I had opened mine, but son hadn't. Mr. or Ms. Manager.....shame on you! In this day and age, the least we can expect when we have lots of dining options is to be treated as a valued customer! I'll be going back to Butterfields where there is good food and service with a smile!
Guacamole Bacon Six Dollar burgerThis ranks amongst the few fast food burgers that really satisfies the craving for a big chunk of ground beef with enough stuff on it that it is guaranteed to come apart before you are done and make sure you are wearing some of it too. Price was reasonable at $7.49 for a combo meal.  With fries that comes to 1360 calories, mostly from fat.  And 3000mg of sodium.  I'm going to have to eat a bunch of rabbit food to counter that. :-)This location has been there 4 or 5 years and while I have eaten from there many times it is the first time I have gone over there and eaten in.  The floor paint is the only thing I saw with any real wear to it.  Everything was nice and clean.  The "new" concept of service where you order at the counter and they bring it to your table has been around at Carl's Jr and Whataburger for as long as I remember.  They even came to clear my table just as I put the last bite in my mouth.
I can't believe no one has reviewed this place before. This place is great!!! I was looking online for some fall things to do, pumpkin patches, etc, and Vertuccio Farms came up as being in the area I was going to be today. It is about 3 miles south of the 60 on Power Rd and about a half mile north of the 202/San Tan Freeway. Open until 6pm on Sundays, they just opened yesterday (10/1) for fall. It is $7 per person and children 4 and under are free. You can get a $1 discount for each non-perishable good donated or print out a coupon from their website. Additionally, you can pay $15 for a season pass. You are greeted by rows of pumpkins of various sizes as you walk in. The prices are comparable to Safeway but I would rather support local businesses. If I didn't think the heat would warp the pumpkins, I would have bought some today. There were several things to do here for adults and kids. There was a bounce house for kids and way larger one for kids and adults. Boy, that was fun! There was also one of those things that you swing the mallet down and try to hit the bell (separate ones for kids and adults). I laughed out the fake cow that the kids could "milk." There was a corn maze that we didn't go in since the girl warned me it takes 45 minutes to go through. Maybe next time on a cooler day. Other fun things we did were fake horse rides with inflatable horses, pedal go karts around a small track, and a free train ride around the grounds. Yes, the hubby and I squeezed ourselves in, too. In addition, there was a playground and many farm animals to see. There was also a farmer's market that closed at 4pm that we would have loved to check out. My suggestion would be to keep the hours consistent with the farm or, the farm could showcase some of the local goods from the farmers' market. That is one of the things I love about coming to places like that, to get a taste for all that is local. Other than that small thing, this was the best $7 per person, we have ever spent on a family outing!
4 STARS???If I could I would be all up in giving 0 stars in this motherfucker.I visited Ticoz based on the many good reviews. FAIL!Is TICOZ short for TOSTITOS?Because I swear... the chips served by the waiter were out of a cellophane bag from Costco. Margarita.... more ice than anything. Bleh.Service.... poor. We waited to be seated. We waited to have a drink order taken. Waited to get our drinks. The main courses were bizarre to say the least.The "tamales" were more like 2 scoops of sweet corn polenta.The shrimp were in a pile next to it, rubbery, frozen, slightly off flavored. The rice and beans, generic.The burgers were more like sliders. I think the burgers are prepared far in advance and assembled prior to serving. The bun was made soggy by the watery salsa. The mayo... became watery from the salsa as well. The cole slaw was bleh. The waffle fries were decent.The waiter was just weird. He was disengaged, unfriendly, and sluggish.Yo what be up wit yo foolz an yo fo stah reviews?!@!One of the worst places I have eaten in Phoenix - super trendy looking, with miserable vittles.1 star, only because there is no way to give 0 stars.Word is bond!
In a half hours time I searched yelp for mesa wifi spots, drove to "The Bungalow" and am now enjoying an egg bake with a pomegranate ice tea. Couldn't be happier to put off working a few minutes to give this lovely little place 4 stars.  I may upgrade my rating after trying the sweets!! PeaceOk,  I've now tried the brownie...  It's ridiculous.  I ate the whole thing save 2 bits just to kid myself.  It was good!
When I left Arizona six years ago, the craft beer scene consisted of Papago Brewery and Four Peaks. I would never complain about either, but there just wasn't much going on. After a recent visit, however, I found that there are not only a ton of new breweries but pretty awesome beer bars as well. Bravo, Arizona.  My visit just happened to coincide with AZ Beer Week (seriously) and Boulders on Broadway had an impressive lineup of drafts for the occasion.The day prior, they had tapped Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA, something that beer bars in San Diego only dream about. They also had a bunch of seasonals and local beers that I would never be able to get back home.After a few beers, I wanted pizza, my significant other did not... but this caused no problem at all due to their "personal" sized pizzas.  Genius!  Why don't more bars do this? Life is great when you're not arguing with friends about topping choices. I only wish this place was around when I was in college. No offense to Devil House (RIP), but chugging penny beers until someone broke the seal (literally, tape covering the bathroom door) just doesn't seem to measure up.
Their bread is so delicious, and being the carb-conscious nut I am, it's difficult to not devour all the bread (I don't usually). I've been to Jimmy John's in Chicago, so these subs aren't new to me, but I love that it's close by the office. Their tiny space gives an urban feel atmosphere... and it's also open late-night for all the Mill Ave barcrawlers!I usually order the Beach Club with turkey, provolone, avocado, lettuce, tomato and cucumber. While it's considered a "Giant Club" for which you're charged slightly more, it doesn't really feel giant to me. That's my only beef with the place, their regular sandwiches must be less filling in comparison... almost scared to try them! Best thing about JJ's is when I'm broke, I'm not above walking by for FREE SMELLS!
Visiting Postino Wine Cafe makes me feel like I am in another city... an urban, metro, pedestrian city such as San Francisco. Its casual, yet sophisticated and quite enjoyable. I recently visited Postino with two friends and had the Bruschetta -- we selected the Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato and Basil, the Smoked Salmon and the Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. Thumbs up on all of these yummy appetizers! The clientele is a hip, diverse crowd reflective of its gentrified, charming neighborhood of mid-century ranch homes, and yet just a hop from the Biltmore and Arcadia neighborhoods. Ah... Phoenix is growing up! Wish I knew more about wines to tell you more about that. It appeared to be a nice selection and there were bottles you can buy to take home as well. Parking is a challenge, however I will definitely be back.http://www.postinowinecafe.com/Update: Postino's is one of many restaurants/bars in AZ that permits concealed weapons without permits and is noted on the Arizona State Rifle and Pistol Association in their CCW Cafe page: http://www.asrpa.com/ccwcafe.html For that reason I am reducing the previously 5-star rating to 1-star.
A bunch of friends and I tried this place for my husband's birthday the other day after I found it here on Yelp.  For the love of everything tasty, this place was the BEST barbeque place I have ever been to (aside from a place I loved that went out of business in San Diego).  After reading all the reviews about the appetizers and entrees, I pretty much already knew what I wanted to order before even sitting down at our table.  Our waiter, Lorenzo, couldn't have been better with his service and sense of humor.  The feel of the interior was a mix of casual and modern yet not too overly countryfied...there weren't dead animals hanging on the walls staring at me as I ate or hides either.The group of us ordered the Onion Block for our appetizer.  I am not an onion person, but am a fan of the Bloomin' Onion at Outback.  But I can tell you right here and now that the Onion Block at BobbyQ's was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G-L-Y delicious!  It had the perfect crispy consistency, but what made it was the BBQ ketchup that it comes with.  I could have ate the sauce by itself.  The 6 of us ravaged it.  For our entree, my husband and I went for one of the winning combinations, particularly the BBQ chicken and prime rib.  We decided on the ranch beans and the Mac & Cheese (after the reviews) for our sides.  I went to ask for an order of corn bread (3 for $1.50) but Lorenzo told me that he would bring us a basket for all of us.  So, I am not sure if that is something that is included, kind of like chips and salsa at Mexican food joints.  The chicken was absolutely juicy and had the perfect amount of sauce and the prime rib was also juicy and melted in my mouth (we ordered it cooked Medium).  First, the Mac & Cheese was so very creamy and tasty that I had to stop myself from eating that and get back to the meat.  But the ranch beans tasted like so many others I have tasted, not bad though.  My friends and I, who also ordered the M&C, noticed a hint of jalapeno (not spicy, just the taste).  We asked Lorenzo and he told us they have two types of melted cheese in the kitchen, one being the cheese they usually use for the M&C and then this pepper jack/jalapeno cheese they use for other dishes.  He had said they must have accidentally used the wrong one and that it hadn't been the first time it happened.  This was so not a problem, b/c that jalapeno taste was actually what made it, I think.  I'll have to request it next time.  The desserts didn't impress me much, but I knew from the reviews, we'd be getting free donuts before we left.  I loved that touch!  Mark my words, we will be going back more than once.  I'm sure we will take our in-laws and my family to give them the chance to taste BobbyQ's deliciousness!!!!!
I'm almost ashamed to be writing this review, because I DO NOT eat Fast Food Ever! But twice, OK it was 3 times, I have let my hungry stomach and my teenage daughter do the thinking when it comes to lunch. I have to say though, if they did not offer the grilled cheese, there would be no way I could be talked into going here. I actually enjoyed my grilled cheese, basically a cheeseburger with everything but the meat, and those strangely addicting fries I really couldn't stop eating. For Fast Food it was not bad, it didn't make me feel bad for eating it either, not even the fries, maybe its because they aren't really greasy?Anyway, as much as I hate to admit it, the next time I'm starving to the point of not thinking and need a  quick meal, I would come back for a grilled cheese and fries for sure!
Oh, Chelsea's Kitchen, how I love thee. I don't usually wax on about restaurants, but I love everything about this place. It isn't fine dining, but the food is good and I'm always in a good mood as I walk up to the front door of this establishment. The service is always friendly, from the host at the door to every server or bartender I have ever dealt with there. I love the bar, whether I'm sitting on the inside or outside sections. If the weather is good, the patio tables are SO worth the wait. Last weekend, after a long morning run, Chelsea's Kitchen was our reward. As we sat, drinking our beers, we planned a future backyard filled with mesquite trees that provided a natural canopy of shade. Seriously, I could have sat there and drank all day. Come to think of it, I don't know why we didn't. Food-wise, I am a huge fan of the rib-eye tacos. Their burgers are are excellent, as well. You're not going to see a James Beard award associated with Chelsea's Kitchen. It's not that kind of place. The food is good and simple. The ambiance is casual and fun; nice enough for a business dinner, and casual enough for lunch with friends. I've never walked out of there anything but happy and will return again and again.
I admit, I'm not much of a sushi connoisseur, but Kona Grill definitely was really tasty! I came here Friday night with a group of people to celebrate a friends birthday, and I really enjoyed myself.The menu is easy to read with a variety of different options. The descriptions help me order since I am completely in the dark about sushi.  In between the server and my friends, I ordered quite a few plates of different food and all of them were really tasty.  I think my favorite was the Las Vegas roll by far!  My friend and I also split the Philly roll along with a few other dishes as well.  They have some really strong chocolate martinis, and overall I had a really good experience here.I think I like it here for a variety of reasons. For starters, its easy to order if your new to sushi like I am.  The server will help you if you have any questions, and I found the food to be really really good.  Not that other places are bad, but it can be overwhelming if you have no idea what your doing like me.  Also, they have plenty of stuff with out avocado in it since I think its one of the most disgusting foods in the entire world.  (I know some people will give me slack about it, but the consistency and lack of flavor completely turn me off and I just think its gross overall. This includes guacamole.)If your not into sushi, they also have several other menu options such as burgers and sandwiches which I think is awesome!  I know if I came here again I can order just about anything, weather its a burger or a Las Vegas roll and know that I will enjoy myself.  Great menu, service and overall good time. Try it out of your in the area!
I have no idea what the buzz is about unless they hired a good PR agency. The burgers are as average as possible which makes the place over priced. Try Smashburger or Lucky Boy if you want a really great burger.
The name does suggest some competition and what's funny is that you can't have better than sex cake without having the thoughtful discussion around is it or isn't it. I'd dare say there's more sex being discussed at the little cafe tables than on an Oprah show.My thoughts, it is good cake...
Good pizza is like good sex...after you've had it, you keep thinking about it, and you want more. Well, I had Grimaldi's pizza tonight and I keep thinking about it and I want more. This pizza is fabulous! The crust could not be more perfectly thin, crunchy on the bottom, and chewy on the top, and just overall stellar. The toppings were sublime.I sat at the bar, had a couple of cocktails and the best pizza I've had in forever. The bartender, was a great chic. She new how to be friendly and give great service without feeling forced or phony. I told her I had ridden my bike up there, so she offered to wrap up my extra pizza in tinfoil and put it in a plastic bag, so I could fit it in my basket. I had my purse, so a Styrofoam to go thing would have sucked. Styrofoam sucks anyway, but this would have been a space issue. Anyway, I love this place mucho, mucho.  Try it out to see what I am talking about.
First of all, I'm glad that Lola moved in to this space. I miss Calabria, but I'm glad something worthy has taken over this spot that serves delectable things.Thanks to Chef Danielle (formerly of Sweet Pea Bakery), Lola's baked goods are worth dreaming about. If you ever find macarons (perhaps this is the French spelling?), then you have to purchase one or two because those things are to die for.I like the ambiance, I like the staff and people who frequent it. It's a good crowd, mostly on their laptops or busy reading their books or newspapers.Here's my one and only complaint: They don't make their drip coffee hot enough.I'm a simple gal. I don't ask for those mocha, macchiato, extra foam, skinny-skinny, with drizzle and powder on top kinda drinks. I just want simple brewed coffee with some room for my cream.The first time I purchased coffee at Lola's, it was served in a cup because I chose to drink it there. And it was already lukewarm, therefore, it was "iced" coffee by the time I had my second sip. The next time, I asked for it in a to-go cup, thinking that the lid might keep the coffee warmer longer. Alas, the drip coffee was lukewarm after my third sip. The last time I was there (3 days ago), I asked for them to put in a to-go cup again and to make it a little hotter than usual. Oh, it was hot alright, but maybe just 2 notches above their usual "warm."I'm not looking for scalding coffee but just hot enough for me to enjoy hot coffee a little longer while reading the Arts section of the Arizona Republic (and there's really not much content in that section).Can't a girl ever get hot coffee from there? That's all she asks.
I'm not really an Asian food enthusiast, but I have to say I loved Tottie's!  Since the menu is pretty extensive, we asked for a recommendation and had the green curry.  My dining companion likes things a little spicier than I do, so we ordered a medium-low.  It wasn't too much heat for me, but I can only imagine what ordering hot will do to you!  The curry was fantastic.  The heat cannot mask the flavor of this dish!  I'm already looking forward to going back to Tottie's the next time my husband puts his foot down about eating at yet another Mexican restaurant!
Chick-Fil-A is one of the fast food chains I will on occasion patronize-A.  You know why?  Because when I have some of their nuggets or strips and a fry I don't feel nauseous and greasy and heavy like I would if I had gone to BK or MCD or most of the other chains.And I really like the waffle fries.  If only Chick-fil-A had some cheese sauce for the fries.  Yum.The quality has been consistent.  So, while the food at Chick-fil-A is kind of bland at least it's decent and doesn't make me feel ill.
In the San Francisco area, I have had good Thai and lousy Thai.  This place, by comparison, would count under the former.Thai food, on the whole, isn't really my taste, but my wife and daughter really like it, so I head over to a Thai restaurant every once in a while with them.  As all the curry and coconut milk really doesn't do it for me, I tend to get Thai fried rices, etc. while I'm there.  At The Siamese Cat, the food was good, but did not quite have the complexity that I am used to at the other Thai spots I have been to (in the Bay Area mostly.)  There was nothing whatsoever wrong with the food--it was just not as interesting as other places in my experience.  Less depth of flavor.Would I discourage you from coming here?  Not at all.  Service and atmosphere were very pleasant.  Don't let my snobby tastes give you the wrong impression.  We had a nice meal here and will return sometime.  Give these folks a try.
Chile Relleno plate was pretty good here the beans were good the rice was meh. The chips and 2 diff salsa's were good tasted fresh. It didnt take long and Horchata was good! All in all I will stop here again and try some other dishes since its really close to my new pad!
I've been trying to get to El Bravo for months, and I finally made it! The atmosphere is pretty cozy and the staff was very friendly. I ordered a green chili burrito with beef and potatoes, and I also ordered a shredded pork taco. The burrito was great. The green chili was a winner in the flavor department. On the contrary though, the shredded pork was pretty bland. It almost tasted like it wasn't spiced at all. It was unfortunate, but it didn't ruin my visit. Lastly, I got to try some of a chicken burrito. I am definitely ordering chicken during my next visit. It was some of the best tasting chicken that I've had at a Mexican restaurant. It was well seasoned and not dried out! I've had so many bad experiences with chicken at Mexican dives that I've pretty much stopped ordering it, but El Bravo will be my exception.I'm going to need to try more, but all in all, El Bravo was pretty good.
Wow!!! This is the best ice cream I have ever had - seriously, folks, this place shows Sweet Republic who's boss.  The ice cream is rich and creamy and full of flavor.  I tried the butter pecan, banana, peanut butter and chocolate.   The chocolate was unlike any chocolate ice cream I have had before - you could actually taste the coco flavor and it was more satisfying than a sugar loaded Hershey's concoction.  Bonus - they have pretzel cones!! This went especially well with scoops of chocolate and peanut butter! Yum!!I hopped on the froyo train for awhile there, but this place is going to cause me to derail and get fat.  Oh well.  I'll be happy. The interior is a very cute, old-school ice cream parlor.  It reminded me of Smeeks.  There was not seating inside, but about 5 tables outside.  They also have lots of retro candies and freshly baked cookies and complimentary water in a jug (flavored with lavender and lemon).I've already forgotten that Mary Coyle's is closing down...
Amazing flavors, unique ambiance, and friendly staff. What else can you ask for? Oh yes...it's better than Starbucks!  Their menu ranges from your regular boba flavors to the unique Patbingsu plate (Korean ice shaved desert with all kinds of yummy toppings like, red beans, tiny marshmellow rice cakes, kiwis, cherries and more, topped with syrup/milk).  I am too lazy to make daily trips since I live in NE Mesa but this place is wonderful...I go at least once a week but always miss it.
I went with a group from work.  We had 7 of us.  We were seated pretty quickly.  The menus are huge and lots of things to pick from.  Yeah, I noticed all the dishes are pretty BIG.  The service was quick and pretty good.  I ordered the chicken fingers with fries.  Their batter is little coated and crispy.  The chicken was still moist.  All in all, it was good.
I'm def not a vegetarian but I decided to give Green a-go when my co worker (veggie head) wanted to grab some lunch. She had been here once before with less than desirable food, but figured she'd give it one more shot.Well, no more shots for Green are in our future...We ordered at the desk and our food came out within 15 minutes. No big deal there. My friend ordered the artichoke dip that was served with chips and hummus that was served  with deep fried pita chips, and I ordered the Kung Pao "Chicken". If you didn't tell me there was artichokes in the dip, I would have never known. It was more of an enchilada sauce/bean dip weird mess. Not horrible on the pallet, but def not what we expected was ordered. The Hummus was spicy and came with a pickle (??) on the side. Pita crisps were way too deep fried for their own good. Needless to say... we did not ask for a to-go box. The Kung Pao chicken wasn't bad per-say, but my "Chicken" was very stringy and foamy to the texture. Yes, I said I wasn't a veggie head, but I have had Morning Star "chicken" before and it's 10 times better than what  came in my bowl.I get veggie heads love this spot because they don't have to narrow down the menu to 2 items, but me thinks not.
There's something to be said for consistency.Like how the owner is always standing at the checkout counter, scouring the stock section of the newspaper...grumbling to himself.How the same lady server has worked there for all of the twenty or so years I've been going there. And how the food never varies.The same dozen or so featured items week after week, year after year. Sometimes you need that.The feeling that while the rest of the world is changing at breakneck speed, there's a respite from all of it. A place where you know you can always go where the food, the people, the ambiance will always be the same.Its small intimate surroundings.The server, who upon seeing me knows to bring me a diet coke and does so before I seat myself. And the warm smiles from the owners when I leave.Be forewarned however. It's not fancy.Its very small, and can get crowded at lunch and dinner.But the food will always be the same, guaranteed.This place is pure comfort.
It's always good to see someone from the 'hood doing well. Dutch Bros. Coffee was founded by 2 brothers, who happen to have a Dutch heritage. My kinsmen, both geographically and nordicly:)They are from, of all places, Grants Pass, Oregon (do not snooze on the drive up I-5 or you will miss Grants Pass...actually, don't snooze while you're driving that section of I-5...you'll drive off a mountainside and miss some of the most spectacular scenery in the United States, because you'll have crashed).Dutch Bros. are still headquartered in Grants Pass. That seems like a pretty small town for a couple of guys who own a business like this, but I bet it doesn't seem small if you have a jet to get out of town...and I bet old Travis and Dane have a jet because they've sold an ocean of coffee over the past few years!Boy, do we know our coffee in the great northwest, or what (oh I know, I haven't lived up there for 15 years and it takes a threat of physical force to get me to go back to the ranch these days, but I still like to claim the place for something more than the rain:)After my run this morning, I had to go pick up my mail (and can anybody tell me why they moved my PO Box from the very convenient Osborne location to North Tempe?...it's about a 45 minute drive down there and back).And what do you want more than anything else after running 5 miles in 90 degree heat? That's right...a cup of piping hot coffee.I pulled into the drive through and said "set me up", then I got to the speaker and had to say it again.They got my coffee right the first time (right sweetener, right cream...it's why I almost never use drive through for coffee, but these guys made me happy).And best of all, it's good coffee!They don't seem to have a place to hang out and read your electro-mail or write your novel on your laptop (remember, the Dutch bros. are no-nonsense Oregon logging country boys...hard to read your electro-mail while you're dragging a Douglas fir out of the woods and your laptop is actually the top of your lap, but you do need decent coffee when you're getting up at 3:00 am to go to work).But I see you can get out of your car and walk up to the window and get your coffee and sit at a table outside...but with a long drive back to Old Town Scottsdale, I just didn't have time.The Dutch Bros. Coffee...quality, value, useful, practical and competent coffee...in other words...very dutch!
SO the other day I was having a crazy salad craving and couldn't figure out where to go to make it happen.  I remembered being a fan of the Mambo Salad (Wasabi caesar) and since Mastro's is both in my neighborhood and has been one of my favorite restaurants for the past 9 years, I called ahead and ordered one to go plus grilled shrimp.Arriving at the restaurant, I really wished I had time to dine with the and enjoy a full meal but i'd had a long day and really just wanted the salad and my couch.  As always, all staff members I came into contact with were friendly, neatly attired and welcoming.My mouth watered all the way home at the prospect of tearing into the cold, crisp green, plump grilled shrimp and the hint of sharp heat from the wasabi caeser dressing but when I opened the container, what I saw shocked and saddened (yes, saddened...I AM a foodie after-all) me.  In the box were the usual mixed greens and container of dressing (key that it wasn't already tossed with the greens ensuring their crispness) and perched proudly atop said greens was one SINGLE grilled shrimp....I couldn't believe it.... At ($11 for salad greens and $7 for the addition of shrimp there should have been at least a COUPLE).  I dug around in my greens looking for my shrimp's buddies but alas, it was truly alone.  I didn't know what to do. I ended up calling the restaurant to ask (which I had not initially) what adding grilled shrimp to my salad consisted of and was told by the manager on duty that there should have been a whole or half shrimp as well as chopped throughout the salad and that he would reverse the charge and I should ask for him when next I dined with them.  Prior to calling the restaurant, I did what everyone does, I posted a picture on Facebook: http://tinyurl.com/cn73btc Anyway, I ate my salad and savored that shrimp (Actually quite a large shrimp, looked to be a U10 and it was actually QUITE tasty).  Nothing more would have come of it had I not received a call the following day form the General Manager who'd been informed of what had happened by his shift manager and wasn't about to let things end there.Mark N. Let me know in no uncertain terms that my experience wasn't what he expected of Mastro's restaurants nor up to his standards.  He explained what he though had gone wrong and what he intended to do to prevent it happening in the future.  He reiterated that the charge would be reversed and that he wanted to send me a $100 gift card for the trouble.  I told him i'd been dining in various Mastro's restaurants for 9+ years and had never had anything but great food and service and that the gift card wasn't necessary but he insisted.  Bottom line here is this is what customer service should be.  Mastro's and their General Manager are leading from the top down and setting an example to their employees that customers are not disposable.  Not only will I return to redeem the gift card (while leaving a few extra of my hard earned dollars in the process) but I will continue to dine with and recommend them to anyone looking for a great meal and superior service.  My Facebook post regarding my conversation with Mark resulted in 30 "likes" and 13 additional comments, I'd say this is a "win" far in excess of $100 for Mastro's.  If you haven't been, GET.IN.YOUR.CAR! (and whatever you do, don't miss the warm butter cake of dessert)
Hands-down, the best stuffed French Toast I've ever had! The cinnamon swirl bread was soft and thick, sliced in half (could only finish half- hello breakfast for lunch!). Flowing from the center was the most delicious vanilla cream cheese filling, and the bananas foster on top was just the icing on the cake! It came with some protein to balance out the carb fiesta-- bacon, yummy & crispy! The server was friendly, and of course I got seated right away (10:30am on a Monday morning). She kept kept my iced tea filled without me ever having to ask, and even knew to give me one to-go!The overall feeling of the Wy-Knot Cafe is relaxed and has a really good vibe. From the colorful, almost dreamy paintings on the wall to the dog-friendliness (pictures of Wyatt everywhere), it just made me feel happy being there. I also liked the variety of seating options and the spaciousness of having two rooms.This, my friends, is what makes me love breakfast so much! And I can't wait to go back for lunch (and of course breakfast)!
I'm native to Phoenix and have been eating this brand of tortillas my entire life.  I guess my taste buds have adapted because no other tortilla brand compares.  Red Eagle brand laughs in the face of Mission Tortillas!  So when my father-in-law came to visit from the East Coast and asked for some authentic tortillas to take home I knew where to go.  You can buy a regular pack at grocery stores but the factory sells larger quantites which is what we wanted for him to take home.  We purchase several dozen tortillas and tamales and they were a hit back in Pennsylvania!  Thanks for not disappointing Red Eagle!
One of my favorite features of the Salt Cellar is the wide range of seafood they offer. I recently had the Alaskan Halibut Cheeks, which I have never seen on any other menu here in the desert of Phoenix....these cheeks were unbelievably amazing. They also were featuring a special for the month of August called a "Clam Bake", included a dozen steamed clams, one pound and a quarter lobster and an ice cold draft beer PLUS veggies, a side salad and baked potato... ALL of that goodness for $45... does it get any better that that? I don't think so. As a pretty serious "yelper" and foodie, I once again recommend this place to anyone out there who loves great seafood, outstanding service and unique atmosphere. You really can't go wrong. Go for it seafood lovers!
A cool spot to get some drinks and grab a bite. It has a very hip atmosphere and the food is good. With the lack of options downtown this is a go-to spot. The only thing I would say is an issue is the service. It's pretty slow and unattentive, at least at the bar, and service is key.
This was my first stop after my plane landed at PHX on Sunday afternoon.  After I managed to get lost about 20 times in the huge Scotsdale Fashion Center, I finally managed to find the little blue window for Modern Burger.  I picked up two sliders and a side of fries.  The have two small tables right next to the ordering window, so I was able to dig in right away.  I thought the burgers were really good, which is impressive since I don't really like American cheese.  My leftovers were still delicious the next day after being warmed up in my hotel microwave.  Definitely worth the drive!
This is the quintessential Mexican restaurant if you live in Topeka, Kansas, or South Bend, Indiana, and don't know what Mexican food is.  Bland, bland, bland.  Let's begin with the ridiculous up-charges.  $1.95 for chips and flavorless salsa that reminds me of tomato paste.  If you want some salsa with flavor, you can get the tomatillo salsa  . . . for an additional $1.95.  Dear restaurateur: chips and salsa are free at real Mexican food restaurants.  $3.50 for three very small corn tortillas.  Guacamole is a Mexican food favorite, so you better offer it, and it had better be good.  We paid $8 for guacamole that rivaled generic grocery store brands for flavor.  Luckily, I could add the overpriced tomatillo salsa to give it some zest.  I don't know if the guacamole doesn't usually come with chips, but they charged me for the aforementioned chips/salsa even though you'd think the chips were part of the guacamole feast.  The borracho beans were something like $3.50 and amounted to perhaps five spoonfuls of beans.  On the bright (ok--the "not horrible" side), my fiancee had a cheese quesadilla that wasn't bad.  This is the food equivalent of Gilbert Ortega jewelery stores.  Tourists will want to stop by to have some of the 100+ tequilas and to say they ate Mexican food when they visited Arizona.  The rest of us who know about Barrio Cafe, Los Dos Molinas, etc., will want to avoid it.
So after reading Laura L's review I was scared to go to NOCA since the executive chef left as her review was so bad.  I still had faith though that a place this caliber wouldn't go downhill that fast with the rest of the cooks still there.  I had the chef tasting menu and it was up there with the top meals I have ever had and the experience was amazing.  Palate cleanser:  Toasted nuts, raspberries, cheese and balsamic reductionAppetizer: (upgraded)Lobster roll - So amazing I will be back on a Wednesday just to eat this againSecondi:Hand Cut Pasta with brown butter and FennelEntree:Veal Scallopini-  This was perfectly cooked and the presentation was amazingDessert:Cotton CandyPassion Fruit and CoconutI also paired the meal with the wine accompanies which all were great except the dessert wine didn't really pair with the dessert I got but after I finished it and had a few minutes it went down well but just didn't go with the food.  Other than that I have nothing bad to say about this amazing experience.  I heard many people getting substitutes for things they didn't want and there were no issues.  I think this place is still as good as everyone reviewed and I wouldn't avoid it.  They are searching nationally for a new executive chef and I think that will change things but for now it's still an amazing place and I can't wait to go back.
Thoroughly enjoyed my first meal at Acacia.  Food was good and service was fine and more than reasonably prompt, especially considering they were rather full.  I went with an expired Living Social coupon that was supposed to still be good for the initial purchase price.  The lady at the counter not unreasonably balked a little at the long expired coupon but did so courteously,  and after consulting the (other?) owner/manager (of her own volition and without prompting) - they honored the coup.  Food was delivered reasonably promptly, again especially considering how busy they were.  I had a great salad, fresh verdantly green spinach, with strawberries, guacamole, and a peppercorn dressing.  My friend had an omelette with fresh home-made hash browns and found his satisfying and filling as well.  Dining on the outdoor patio was great, due to unseasonably comfortably cool weather, and a slightly  unexpected pleasure considering the proximity to Indian School Road.  A good experience - Not on my usual travel path but will make effort to go back.
This is the best restaurant in the state of Arizona, the food, the staff, the decor, this is the total package! The best also comes with a price you can expect from the best, but you dont eat here every night. Treat yourself, whether its boys night out, a special occasion, or you just so happen to be in town and need a darn good meal this is the place. The bone in filet is my suggestion as rarely in life does one come across a bone in fliet. I dont know how you can save room for dessert, so just force it down, its all great!
Wow, this place has amazing food!  It is so refreshing to see vegetarian food with variety, flavor and creativity.   I wanted to eat every single thing on the menu, and so did my friend.  We decided to start off with the hummus of the day (Butternut squash), and split two meals, the vegan tacos and the burger of the day (Sweet potato and Mill).  The tacos were filled with a spiced walnut "meat" vegan nacho cheese and sour cream and served in red cabbage cups.  They were soooo good, I would have never thought to use walnuts as meat substitute, brilliant! The burger was another big winner! It had a jalapeo curry sauce that was so flavorful, and it paired nicely with the sweet potato and avocado. On the side were yummy baked fries with homemade barbeque sauce... still licking my lips!  I'll definitely be back, again, and again, and AGAIN!
The first time I went here, I LOVED IT!This time.... not so much.We had awful awful awful service.Our server was slow, forgetful, and snotty.YUCK.I like the pomegranate seeds in the guacamole.I ordered the enchiladas suizas, and I found them to be oddly sweet and the chicken was chewy and tough inside.I think this place has outlived it's useful lifespan.
Last night I went to The Melting Pot with three girlfriends for a special "Girls' Night Out" event that they marketed. There was a set menu, and the price was $29 per person with a few options for $5 martinis. If you wanted a drink that wasn't on the set menu, you paid extra. When we arrived, we were greeted outside by two very bronzed girls who were promoting Planet Beach tanning salon. They gave us as many samples as we could carry (for those of us who wanted tanning lotions and such) and had a entry form for a free month of tanning.We had reservations for 6:15, so we were seated promptly. Our waiter, Cody, came over to introduce himself and explain how things were working that evening. When we asked about the other activities outside (we had seen girls getting paraffin dips and hand massages and eyebrow waxing in the courtyard), Cody told us that we could participate after dinner. Angela, our friend who made the reservation said when she called they told her we could get those services until 10 PM. So, we relaxed.We ordered our cheese and cooking options and then some drinks. The drinks took forever to arrive. Seriously. We had almost completely finished our cheese fondue by the time the drinks arrived. The cheese option we selected was a spinach and artichoke white cheese concoction that was delicious. But isn't anything with cheese delicious? :-)There were several times when we complained (to ourselves) about our lack of drinks. Later, when one of our friends said she would want to order another martini in about 5 minutes, our waiter said, "I should probably go put it in now, though, considering how backed up they are." We thought, 'Oh wow, they are really busy with this promotion.' Turns out they had no glasses. In fact, the Ahwatukee location had to run over glasses for Scottsdale. I thought it very odd that the restaurant would advertise a big Girls' Night Out event and not be prepared for ladies wanting drinks. Oh well. We choose the basic bouillion cooking style, and our plates contained sirloin, filet, chicken, shrimp, butternut squash ravioli, and an assortment of veggies. It was a ton of food! We were not expecting to get so much at the discounted price. Our chocolate fondue choices were limited to milk, dark or white. Three of us were up for dark and one wanted white, so Cody was nice enough to bring her a little bowl of white chocolate. We had a ton of dessert .... And it was delicious.Meanwhile, a woman from Mary Kay came over carrying a basket of what looked like presents. She asked us if we had heard about the drawing yet, and we said no. She said, "OK, well, I'll just leave these entry forms here with you." And, she did. But, she never told us what the drawing was for .... and she never returned. She asked us "Does anyone have any Mary Kay products in their purse." One of my friends did, and she got "a prize" - one of the presents. Then she asked us, "Does anyone have any lipstick at all." We all did. We all got "presents." Our present was a bag of marketing materials, which was kind of a let down. Next, the bill. This got a little weird because there were additional charges on our bill that didn't make sense to us. We paid with three credit cards, and all I know is I was charged $6 more than I should have been, and my friends who had either higher priced drinks or multiple drinks paid less. We asked the waiter about some of the charges, and apparently one of the drinks ordered was not on the set menu and was therefore extra. Though, we had asked about making an adjustment and he never said it would be more. We excitedly went to the courtyard for our treatments and discovered that everyone was either gone or was cleaning up! And it was still early! That was a bummer ....So, overall, the food was great, and it was so nice to connect with friends over a leisurely dinner. The price was perfect - about $40 a person when you consider drinks and tip - and if they do another such event, I will go again, but try to arrive early to make the most of the activities.
I love this restaurant.I eat an incredibly strict paleo-ish diet which means I don't eat the following:canola oil, soy oil, sugar, flour, farmed salmon (served by virtually every other restaurant in town including True Food Kitchen), grain fed beef, and a host of other food.  It sounds awful, but believe it or not there is no limit to the number of incredibly delicious meals that can be made despite these limitations.  Unfortunately, these meals *almost* always have to be home cooked.  Restaurants simply have not gotten to delivering a pure, healthy meal.Well, that changed when I discovered Nourish.  Their menu consists of a variety of items that I can eat.  As a bonus, their food actually tastes great.There isn't much more for me to say: a restaurant that cooks healthy food that I can enjoy.  Given my incredibly strict definition of the word healthy (and I admit that this is a relatively subject label as the scientific research stands in the year 2012), Nourish is one of the few restaurants I can enjoy.  And so I love them.Other notes: the service was hit or miss when they opened but these days it has gotten a *lot* better, to the point where I rarely have a problem.
I love pho. I really do. I love all Asian noodle soups in general now that I think about it - udon, ramen, pho. Yum.Anyway, unPhogettable!Excellent excellent service. Super friendly employees that take note of what you want or do not want in your pho. Large portions. Great quality meat. And delectable broth. Though, as I always do, I added a ton of sriracha and hoison to make it even more delicious. Ohmygosh my mouth is watering at the thought. Also - I'm usually not a huge fan of shrimp spring rolls, I tend to find them somewhat blah, but the shrimp spring rolls here are quite enjoyable!I will definitely be returning so I can try the bun bo hue :]
what's not to love about fresh & easy? great prices and i can find almost anything I am looking for at f&e.  i popped in today for some fresh chicken, pepper jack cheese, roma tomatoes, lettuce and wheat bread with no corn syrup.i always take a peek at the reduced aisle section when i am at the store because you can find some great deals.  i also like that they sell pops chips at f&e..yum-ojust like costco, they have samples of their food.  i was able to sample their hummus and i loved it. (at a different f&e location).  this is not the newest f&e i have been to but still very nice and helpful employees.
This place has like... .4 or 5 tables....MAKE A RESERVATION!For reals.This place has killer food.  Killer.It's so good.  I love it.
Only the best for the Beautiful Carin...that's what I tell her constantly...that's why she chose me...that's why I take her only the best places...Like Ranch House Grille:)Surprisingly, she hadn't been to RHG with me before now, so off we went for Saturday "Lunfast" after our workout...(I was going to call it brunch, but it was Saturday and about 1:00 pm so it kind of felt like a retox lunch time thingy, but I had breakfast, so...:-)Carin was charmed by the rustic decor and the family atmosphere at RHG (these folks are from up around Page, Arizona...this is the southern outpost of the family restaurant empire:)She was more charmed by the food:)I ordered up a Chili Verde Omelet (I need to digress for minute...I've always been a red chili "snob" when it comes to chili omelets...I mean who thinks Green Pork Chili on an Omelet?...well, I do...now:-)...this is really the adult version of "Green Eggs and Ham" (BTW, RHG can steal that for their menu if they want...I don't mind:)I am astonished at how well the flavors of the rich and meaty green pork chili work with the fresh fluffy eggs in the omelet...this is what the word "sublime" was invented to describe:)Carin continued her very healthy ways with a veggie omelet made with egg whites...although I did notice that about 20% of my omelet was "missing" when I returned from a brief visit to the clean and shiny restrooms:)She said there was a commotion in the restaurant while I was gone, and when she turned back from gawking, part of my Lunfast omelet was missing...but I don't know...there were unexplained Chili Verde traces on her plate:-)She said next time we go, I can get the Chicken Fried Steak and eggs and she will get the Chili Verde Omelet...maybe she'll let me share:-)
I swiped my badge at the time clock at roughly 5:32.As I walked wearily down the long gray corridor under the sickening fluorescent lights of my office building I felt overcome with weariness. The bleakness of my 9-5 schedule and the resulting placid evenings were grating on me. I stepped foot outside the building and lit up. The sun was setting, the clouds unfurling and soon the night would fall. I strolled over toward the light rail stop on Priest and Washington, the cigarette had made me queasy and I realized how hungry I was.  I contemplated some greasy tacos and a fat burrito from Fili-B's; semi concious of the direction I was heading, my stomach lead me by the nose- My brain was weakly suggesting tacos, but my stomach had seized power, and in this coup, resistance would be futile. My feet meekly obeyed and stomach was dictating, barking out orders like Idi Amin, 'Falafel!' he demanded. Sami's Gyros was mostly empty around 5:40, save two plump young ladies watching the Cowboys and Red Skins game, and the lone Greek fry cook cleaning his station, the door jingled and he looked up at me from under bushy eye brows, his dark eyes made large by the thick prescription lenses he wore. I walked up to the counter and in a voice not my own, made my order.  "A Falafel sandwich and an order of Hummus!" I demanded, slamming both palms on the counter. The fry cooks eyes bulged even larger and his lips parted, the mustache on his upper lip trembled as he replied "1 falafel sandwich, and 1 hummus plate? cccertainly.." he stammered.I handed a young woman in a pony tail with heaving breasts my atm card, she languidly rang up my order and stared strangely at me. I snatched my receipt from her fingers, turned on my heels and sat regally on a high stool that faced the plaza outside. Occasionally I'd glance at the game, it appeared as if Washington was winning, but I'd never been a football fan, and these teams especially didnt hold my interest.  Before I knew it my order came, the fry cook brought out my hummus first, I devoured it, then he brought my sandwich.  As I sat and greedily ate my sandwich, tzatziki sauce dribbling down my face and fingers, I saw one of my co-workers leaving filiberto's, panic and shame overcame me, I tried to hide my face behind my hulking sandwich, she passed by aloof, thankfully- the last thing I need at work is a new nickname. After I'd satiated my tyrant stomach with Sami's fare, I felt gladdened to know that crappy mexican fast food was not my only after work snack option.
CHIPS and SALSA (2 kinds) and BEAN DIP all while you wait for your food.  Don't bother ordering appetizers, the chips and dips will satisfy you.  If you like margaritas, order the jumbo marg and sit in the nice air conditioned room.  Arriba is Mexican food, nothing fancy with a twist- just good ol' Mexican food.  You know the kind you eat and say "why oh why did I just eat all that?".  I come here ever so often.  I had the carnitas just recently and was was very happy with my meal.  Have Fun!  Prices range anywhere bettwen $9-$15ish.
Pino's should be your stop if your not in brooklyn, or Italia.  His place has the best Italian Menu in town.  Italian owner Pino is always smiling and welcoming his second family, his guest.  The Menu definitely has it's New York flavor with just a simple folded paper with all the items.  His Pizza's are delicious try something different every time you will not be dissapointed.  One of Pino's specialty pizza's is the Pinos Pasta Pizza a very interesting pie that packs the carbs, but you will want it all the time.Calzones... What can I say about them?  I will put anyone up against Pino's!  His calzones are simply amazing.  You can mix and match them to your liking.  His ingredients are superb!  If you like Prosciutto Di Parma make sure its on your calzone with some tomatoes, fontina cheese and he will do the rest.I can talk about this place for hours.... I have been a longtime customer and Pino is working on helping me with my Italian after all the visits I have made.  Parking is tuff so be ready to walk.  His place is small and cozy he does have some servers that can occasionally need a kick but the food and some good wine will erase that thought pretty quickly. Buona Fortuna
I have to say I am very impressed with Smart & Final. Time after time they deliver. And best yet, they have SALES on already discounted wholesale items. I find the oddest, hard to find foods there too! So if you have been searching high and low for that speciality item, try looking here. They just might have it.I buy filet mignon from here too and I have to say that their meats have always been fresh, good quality meat - at prices lower than other wholesale markets that we shop.Even better yet, is the quick in & out time. I never have to deal with crowds or long lines. It is quick, comfortable and affordable shopping.
I got there about 4:30 on a week day which happens to be about an half an hour before they open.  decided to just stick around and wait for them to open.  The owner drives up and tells me it's too cold to be waiting outside and that I should come on in even though they aren't open yet.  Good start.  You walk in and it feels like a real sushi bar.  No leather lined walls.  No fire and ice fireplace.  No hostess in a geisha outfit.  Just lots of wood and cheap chairs.  You know, like a sushi bar should be.  The place looks and smells clean.  Ok, so far we are doing well.So i grab some hot sake on a cold rainy day and starting to instantly feel at home.  I tell the sushi chef to just bring whatever he recommends.  some low points and some high points.  Then he brings me the white tuna.  Oh my god!!!!  This is the best thing ever.  Soft, buttery, tons of flavor.  At this point I couldn't be happier.  Everything I ordered at this point was tasty and fresh.  The only downside was the rice....Not bad but not great.  The octopus however, was really good.  If it is not cut right it can be very rubbery.  This however, was not.  I will definitely be back.  The service was absolutely fantastic.
Day drinking at Ticoz is about the most fun one could have on a Sunday afternoon. Robert M, Ayesha S and I made Ticoz our second drinking stop yesterday (following Postino) because we were picking Dottsy up from the airport and needed to find something to occupy our time. As goes for most any situation, libations came to the rescue!I'd had an assortment of margaritas Friday night and decided my new favorite is the blackberry, which I had three yesterday. We also ordered the chicken quesadilla and chicken nachos. Both were good, albeit somewhat overcooked for my liking.Previously, I've had the sangria and while not nearly as good as Dottsy's it suits the purpose.
Vacation time spent by a trip to see the family is generally rife with compromises. After failing to produce an agreement on anything we all really wanted, we ended up at the somewhat unfortunately named BJ's Brewhouse.I half expected to see gaggles of teenage boys and tweenage girls (of roughly the same maturity level) stifling giggles about what "BJ" might stand for, but did not. The other half expected the food to be disappointing and for me to be already longing for some good Szechuan before I'd been in Arizona 2 hours, and pleasantly did not experience that either. Standard chain decor, standard chain service, standard ratio of operational to non-operational men's room stalls (non-zero.)We opted for the stealth $20 email special of a shared medium pizza (any specialty or number of toppings), a shared "pizookie" dessert and individual soup or salad which I would strongly recommend since normally a specialty pizza itself is $20.The starter? Minestrone with a bit of cheese. Italian. Adequate. Unremarkable.The pizza? A paradoxically Chicago-style Southwestern, like a chain boutique version of Pizza Hut. Solid crust, great by Seattle standards (low.)The dessert? A very thin (Peanut Butter, among the 5+ varieties) cookie in a pancake-sized tin topped with vanilla ice cream. I was more preoccupied with whether Madame K's Pizza Brothel, er, Bistro in Seattle copied the Screaming Orgasm from them or vice-versa (and thinking they would have been better off to copy BJ's pizza) than the experience of the sweet cookie.The verdict? For optimizing any particular aspect, one could do better elsewhere, but the pizza is quite good among mostly forgettable accompaniments. Chains are generally compromise candidates, and in that vein, BJ's Brewhouse performs the job.
Ive been meaning to come here and finally made it out Friday night with Daniel!  I consider him the sushi expert, and was finally ready to see what all the hype was about.We came in Friday night and the place was dead.  I mean not a soul but one guy sitting in the corner.  Where was everyone?  We sat down and the server came right over and gave us our menus and took our drink orders.  They seem to have a decent drink menu here and we both ordered chocotinis.  The drinks came out and they were tasty!  YUM!!  Anyways, we ended up ordering some food, and whatever we did end up eating was delicous!  (Daniel the expert did the ordering knowing that I am new to this.  We did a few different things and they were delicious.)Place is cute and well decorated.  Being a novice to this, I was happy with the taste and display of the food that we ate.  I really had a good time here.  As the night went on, we did end up seeing more people come into the resturant,  but that wasn't for a while.Service was great, and overall I had a good experience.  Will return in the future.
Stopped into this noisy, screwy rail car (style?) diner this morning, for my first ever 5 & Diner experience.  The car sides are all decked out with '50s photos & other memorabilia, & you request matching jukebox music to play along, from the tableside extension (remote) at your booth.So "5" here was busy, even though it should have been the slow, late morning hour.  I ordered a "Frank's Jack Burger" ($8.99) & a salad ($.99).  My table service from "Pebbles" was excellent, & my BIG, delicious salad arrived pretty soon.  Then at the appropriate time, here came my burger.  OMG, it was HUGE!!  This feast on a bun was easily the biggest hamburger I've ever eaten, loaded up with a half pound of great-tasting hamburger, plus jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, bacon, cole slaw, mayo, & barbecue sauce!Now this theme restaurant is what it is, loud & kitschy, unless you dine outside in the popular patio area, with its umbrella covered tables.  I'm an inside diner, & prefer a slightly more peaceful atmosphere, so Black Bear Diner, for example, beats this one by a little bit for me.  With that said, you'll find good service here & big delicious meals, so go ahead & jump in your '57 Nomad & whip over here, 'cause you might just find this place TOTALLY BITCHEN!!     :-))
Hidden in a random strip mall, there's a good chance plenty of people pass Dukes without realizing that they are missing out. Now, this is a dive bar so like all other dive bars, you have to take it for what it is. The floors could be shinier, the bathrooms could be cleaner, but then it wouldn't be an authentic dive bar would it?Duke's is a solid choice when looking for a place to play some bar games, watch sports and enjoy some drinks. It's spacious and great for large groups. You name the game, they've got it: several pool tables, darts, shuffle board, Foosball, etc. TVs line the walls with your favorite sport teams playing. With the reasonably priced drinks, this is a good place to pregame before a sporting event or set up shop and watch it on TV. I've hosted a party at Dukes and it's a perfect location because of the size, TVs, games and most importantly, because they don't charge to rent out the party room. So, you can have up to 100 people in a party room without any fees! And, for a girl on a budget trying to throw a low key party, this was a perfect choice. So I suggest Dukes if you are looking for a dive bar night on the town and you don't want to just sit around when you get there.
My ethnic experience isn't rooted in the middle eastern culture, but my fiancee's is, and she goes nuts in here buying some awesome, interesting, and delicious gear like tahini, chick peas, za'atar, feta, etc for making things like hummus, za'atar bread, and the like.  I picked up a half-rack of lamb chops and a side of couscous for prepping ($12) together.  Their butcher is awesome and far different from retail grocery chains in Phoenix.  They have a mountain of hooves, FYI.  Typically, the prices are inexpensive-to-reasonable, but sometimes the rarer items are a bit elevated in price.  That is totally understandable considering the unavailability of this type of product nearly anywhere else in the valley.  They make you put at least $10 on your debit, so be aware, though they have so much good stuff that this fee is easy to surpass.
Perfectly good for fast food.  Head and shoulders above the standards, and on par with the new breed of modern quick casual burger concepts.  The location is new and clean with plenty of parking, and the staff is efficient and friendly.  The menu is also fairly small and simple, which I prefer, and prices are very reasonable.The food itself is just okay.  The burger is alright.  For something that's "charred" it lacked a grilled flavoring.  The bun was also a little stale.  The fries are very plain.  There was barely any texture to them, and no seasoning, not even salt.  They literally were just fried potatoes.  Could have used at least a touch of salt.  At least they weren't greasy.  I'll give Habit Burger props for the pepper bar.  That is awesome and different.I also don't know if I dig the pager or not.  While it's nice to not hear someone saying "order #x is ready" every thirty seconds, I hate having something extra to hold while I wait for food.This location is fairly close to my office, and was worth a try while driving to work.  I definitely wouldn't recommend going out of your to give it a try, but if you're in the area, why not taste something new?
I can't believe I haven't written my review on 1130 yet! I had a very nice happy hour with my pal Heather C here. We met before going to watch a performance at the Herberger. The weather was really nice so I was glad that Heather chose a patio table. Our waiter was a kid. I mean, I know I'm getting older, but he was a clumsy kid who fumbled through the drink specials and needed some sharpness. With such a cool sleek spot, you would probably want a more professional waiter. Just my opinion. We decided on the lobster lettuce cups that were rather large and surprisingly full of lobster meat! I really liked the appetizer, I was wishing for more acid but it was still refreshing and tasty. We took our waiter's suggestion and ordered the calamari. What a surprise! I really liked the calamari! It came drizzled with a sweet chili sauce and had pepperocinis tossed into the mix.It was great! I loved how the sweetness of the calamari meat, and the chili sauce played well with the tanginess of the pepperocinis! I had some kind of peach martini that was WAY too sweet for my taste, but I guess for a girly drink it was ok. I hope that next time we'll have more time to linger and maybe even have dinner. I look forward to trying their other offerings.
the OLD spaghetti factory is by far my guiltiest pleasure. lets face it the food isn't that great, and on more then 5 occasions i have been here and it seemed like the entire bussing staff was on a smoke break.growing up in the willo district as a child my mother took me to the Spaghetti factory alot. i remember sitting in the trolly and the entire 86-88 suns team was in the building "helping" out. signing autographs and what not. sure was fun as a kid.now that i'm older i just have those memories to make me say this place isn't all bad. the mizthra cheese and butter on some noodles is still delish. the meat sauce is decent to great. the pesto ranch dressing is pretty good..to bad the lettuce is either still soaking wet, or dry and disgusting. as a phoenix institution for decades i wish this place was better. maybe someday someone will come in and turn it around..but as a "chain" restuarant i don't see that happening. either way..for nostalgia i'll still eat here on a quirky whim. but i will not go out of my way to eat here.
I have to rave about this place....Not only are the portions HUGE, but the food is absolutely delicious.The boyfriend and I split the Hawkeye omelette, which has chicken, avocado, bacon, and melty cheese all in  fluffy omelette pillow.Not only did this save us money, but we were still stuffed. I can't wait to go back!
We magically landed at this sushi place about two weeks ago, so happy we did!! We loved the location ( Corner of Shea Blvd and Scottsdale) and the amazing Blue lighted fish tanks!! Great entertainment while eating!! We came in close to closing time and they still treated us like royalty!! Much appreciated!! We then decided for the Eel Roll as well as their Cali roll, Teriyaki Bento Box and some Chicken Yakisoba noodles!! It was all delicious, especially the eel roll and chicken yakisoba!!! Yum :) We honestly had an amazing time and satisfying conquer from this place. The reason for the four stars is their early closing time!! Oh well :)
***Chase Field's main concession stand Double Headers features a value menu that includes hot dogs, corn dogs and popcorn for $1.50 each; the concessions here are similar to what you will find at any other stadium, but the lower prices are refreshing***Double Headers is the main concession stand at Chase Field.  They have multiple locations all throughout the stadium, which make them very easy to find.  They serve the traditional baseball stadium food like hot dogs, french fries and popcorn.  There are some items that are only available at some of the Double Headers stands though (like the nachos).  I am not sure, but I think some of the Double Headers also sell a foot-long corn dog.Double Headers does provide one big advantage over many arena/stadium concessions stands.  They have a value menu that features items like hot dogs, corn dogs and popcorn for $1.50 each.  We went with the popcorn and it was okay.  It was not super light or super fresh, but it was perfectly serviceable.  It was a decent size too.  That size of popcorn would probably run about $4 at a movie theater concessions stand.We also went with the nachos, which were corn tortilla chips topped with jalapenos and a side of melted nacho cheese.  The chips were the kind of hearty gold tortilla chips that you would get from a grocery store.  They were crunchy, but they were not the freshest chips.The jalapenos were good and the nacho cheese here was better than what you would find at most arenas/stadiums.  The nacho cheese had a little bit of spice and heat to it.  That is rare for stadium cheese dips.  Usually, stadium cheese dips are very bland.Service was fine.I like trying more city/team-specific concessions when visiting a new stadium and there is a good number of them at Chase Field (local chains like Macayo's and Streets of New York pizza).  Double Headers, on the other hand, is very run-of-the-mill concessions.  Still, the value menu here makes Double Headers a good option if you are a stadium regular or are looking to get some food without having to spend too much money.
Solid 3.5 StarsI've been here more times than I can count, but not as many times as I have gone to Seamus' brother bar, The Turf.   I have eaten and been a slight bit tipsy at both places.  What I am not fond of here is the bottle neck at the bar area....try getting in and out of here on even a semi busy night...and unless you are sitting at a table or find a spot to order at the bar you shall remain drinkless.  Thus I prefer this place after work during the week and I tend to avoid super busy nights like First Fridays or St Patricks.  [I lie I enjoyed the trolly they had set up to take patrons back and forth last year between Turf and Seamus for St Patties].The food is good but not great. The beer is cold and when you have a seat (at the bar or table) the service is usually good.
Went here last Monday for the Yelp Office hours :-). The salads looked amazing (they will even turn a sammich into a salad if you ask), especially the Caprese salad Lynn W got. Despite the look of  lots of wine they also had lots of empty rows :-/.  I was full from Zinc so the only things I ate were a small piece of fudge and a bite of a raspberry macaroon.. both were delicious. It was fun finally meeting some of the Az yelpers in person after following their reviews for a few years. Overall not a bad place to shop if you are in the area.
I had the "double charburger" with cheese, mayo and lettuce only, a side of sweet potato fries and a coffee ice cream shake. Total was $10 and some change.The burger was really good and juicy and reminded me a lot of Fatburger in both presentation and taste. The shake was also pretty good - says right on the side that they use real ice cream. It wasn't very strong in coffee flavour, though, and had no real coffee in it (that would be something to entice me to order it again). The fries were good but far from the best sweet potato fries I've had. There was hardly any seasoning. They should try battering or glazing them to make them stand out. They were much tastier than their regular fries, though - those were limp, tasteless and boring.  It was a decent meal and fun to try but I'm not sure if it was worth the $10+ dollars I spent.
01/20/11It doesn't take much to talk me into trying a new breakfast joint... I've a list of restaurants that were bookmarked YEARS ago, and I've yet to step into those places to order my first meals there, and yet, I read a couple of enthusiastic yelp reviews about Joe's Diner, and I'm there w/in a week or less, savoring for myself forkfuls of those delicious pancakes I read about, but there I go, getting ahead of myself...Delighted in finding ample parking (I think I arrived around 1030a or so), I walked into Joe's Diner pleasantly surprised to find a cozy 50s-, 60s-style diner.  Yes, yes, I read all about the atmosphere here, and I was still a little disconcerted, coming in from the open-air parking lot, but pleasantly so.  I liked some of the memorabilia, but I don't know what to make of the outdoor decor-- roofed and cemented empty garage w/ the parked truck?  Seems like wasted space to me- perhaps this is where the weekend overflow goes...  I initially was directed to the more-crowded room at the back of the diner, but it was much darker in there, and I wanted light (!), so I asked if I could have a booth in the more-spacious front.  "Sure," the hostess said, w/out blinking an eye, and I was already off to a great start.Couldn't decide what to have, so I decided to order the items that appealed most-- biscuits and gravy, pancakes w/ a side of fresh strawberry compote, and Thursday's lunch special of lasagna.  Ordered a cup of deliciously strong Arbuckles coffee, too.  The sausage and biscuits came out relatively fast-- good to note if you're really hungry and you want something quick! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=LkEf3z8DxtMVZbRY-2E9tA#LkEf3z8DxtMVZbRY-2E9tA  I didn't care much for the biscuits, though.  Found them to be too tender.  (I like my biscuits to buckle, not crumble, a bit when I dig in w/ my fork.)  I'd requested the regular sausage to be substituted w/ chorizo, and the gravy was nicely done.  Too bad about the biscuits...  I next tried the lasagna... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=CB1MtmdiQS9wvpePLAUcBw#CB1MtmdiQS9wvpePLAUcBw  Wow!  I really enjoyed the bites I had sampled.  The pasta was al dente- tender, yet had a nice bite to it; the filling was well-seasoned, yet not too salty-- meat was chunky, and the ricotta portion was generous; and the garlic bread that accompanied the entree was warm, perfectly crusty, and deliciously buttered.  I wouldn't mind returning back on a Thursday to have this dish again.  Last, but certainly not least, the pancakes!!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=cD_SaPRv1RkiWivD6qBQBw#cD_SaPRv1RkiWivD6qBQBw  Portion seemed small- there wasn't much of a rise, so I mistakenly thought the platter was of a short stack, but the server asked me to lift all cakes to see for myself.  Yep!  I counted three.  These cakes tasted amazing, and all they needed were a tiny bit of butter and simple toppings of macerated strawberries (I had to ask for a second serving of fruit).  Now, I wouldn't mind returning any day of the week to have a stack of these carb-delights!Cool retro decor; warm and friendly service, a bit relaxed in pace; and two out of three knock-out entrees on the first try put Joe's Diner on my list to visit again soon!  I'd take out-of-town guests here in a heartbeat!
I am so glad I found this place close to work. When you are sick of everything and can't figure out what you want, Greek Gyros is there to solve all your problems (okay, maybe just those of the hunger kind). The gyros are great and PACKED with meat for a reasonable price. I can't get enough of the tzaziki. Co-workers have really enjoyed their salads as well (the "pick-a-meat" with grilled chicken). I must include a dehydration alert, though. Every time we get gyros in the office we all find that we're guzzling water for the rest of the day... that darned meat must be solid sodium!
Mamma Mia's is fabulous.  I used to order from the other location on a regular basis and was thrilled to discover that they had a shop near work.  The lunch specials are aweome.  It's hard to beat an even $4 for two extremely large slices of pizza and a soda.  If you pass on the drink, it's still $4, but that's amazingly reasonable.  There's a water cooler in the corner for those who appreciate such things.This is large, floppy pizza and would win no contests, but it does the trick and is worthy of regular trips.  The crust is great, and the sauce has a nice balance of flavors.  For cheap pizza on the run, you can't ask for much more.  Mamma Mia's easily gets two thumbs up.
Carolina's is one of my Top Ten reasons I don't leave AZ. I've always dreamed of living near the beach and maybe someday I will. Until then, I keep a list of things I would miss if I left AZ. Carolina's Mexican Food is always in my Top Ten. Yes, the place is a dive and the line can be long, but the amazing authentic Mexican food and incredibly cheap prices more than makes up for it. The hard machaca beef tacos are my favorite. Anything with their machaca beef is outstanding: slow-cooked, seasoned, and shredded to melt-in-your-mouth perfection. It's available with green chile peppers, red chile peppers, or plain. It's served in a taco, a burrito, or anyway you'd like. Sour cream and guacamole are great extras. Another important tip: Carolina's freshly made tortillas are legendary. Be sure to take a dozen home. They're homemade and served warm in a plastic bag. If you're like me, you'll only have 9 or 10 left by then time you drive home.
The Butterfields waffle Sunday made my jaw drop when I saw it. Pretty sure it was love at first sight.So,  I've tried a few different items here, and have not been disappointed by anything. The OJ is good too. This is one the my preferred breakfast joints in Scottsdale, it's cozy, I usually get seated right away, and the service is friendly.  Tip- I like the cheese blintzes
Oh dear god, I'm in love...Peppered Filet and Martini Scallop dreams fill my mind. Blue Cheese stuffed olives in my martini?? what?? shut the fuck UP!! Sooooo amazing. Quality all the way. I had a glass of Byron Pinot Noir (fabulous) then a white chocolate martini for desert. (I prefer to drink my desert). Great romantic spot to bring a date. Secures that you will be getting action later, trust me. If you see me at Cheuvront stop by and say hello. I'll be the one in the corner making sweet love to the macaroni and cheese..... no joke.
Who doesn't enjoy a lazy Sunday morning? I love spending time leisurely reading the Sunday news while getting caught up on a weeks worth of cooking shows. After a few hours hunger finally sets in and its time to find something cheap and easy. While that might sound more like a lifestyle choice than a way of eating, cheap and easy to me means dim sum, and lots of it. With a fistful of cash and my growing appetite I head over to my default dim sum house, Golden Buddha. Located in the Chinese Cultural Center, Golden Buddha has been pushing carts every weekend for the past few years. Over those years they've become a destination for steamy delights and have built quite a following with groups usually packing the lobby. Here's some advice, for a lesser selection with no waiting, go early. If you want more selection and don't mind the wait, go after noon. Ranging in price from $2.35-$6.50, Golden Buddha pretty much offers mainstream selections from dumplings and chicken feet to rice and noodles. Most of the cart pushers don't speak much English but know this; most items are either made with pork or shrimp. Within minutes of being sat the first smiling server rolls up her cart and begins pimping her wares. As she lifts the steel lid from the first steam basket, the mist dissipates to reveal 3 white fluffy hidden treasures beneath. Know as char siu bao, or steamed BBQ pork buns, these are pretty standard for any dim sum brunch. Pulling apart one of the doughy pillows reveals its sweet porky center, add some chile oil for added depth. Probably the most typical offering is the pork dumplings or sui mai, a wonton wrapper filled with ground pork and black mushrooms. These meaty bites have an enjoyable earthiness that left me wanting to ask for another basket.The next cart to come along is absolutely filled with fried items. I love the crispy crunch of egg rolls and while the GB version was crisp, the inside was filled with oil that tasted like last nights fish. After only a single bite the rest remained untouched. Seemingly fried in the same oil, the salt and pepper shrimp were not only super fishy but the shells were also left on. Shell on shrimp isn't usually a problem when the shrimp in question is cooked really well. Not the case with these, they were ruined before they even hit the table, greasy and salty.On a lighter note, wrapped in translucent rice paper, the spring rolls were large, filled with chewy rice noodles and 3 plump shrimp, unfortunately these were also flavorless. A new one for me was the Zhaliang, a long tubular Chinese doughnut that is tightly cocooned in a sheet of rice noodle. The end result is more about texture than bold flavor; I can see how so many people seek these out for breakfast being chewy and crispy at the same time. Dim sum brunch isn't complete without at least one Chinese dessert. Pointing at a plate of pineapple buns or bo lo yau from the dessert cart, these pastries actually contain no pineapple. Instead the name refers to its crunchy checkered top crust. Inside the bun you'll get a sweet surprise of satisfyingly sweet custard filling.While I left satisfied, overall Golden Buddha doesn't quite have the chops they used to, but in a pinch or on a lazy Sunday morning, they'll do just fine.
I drive by this place all the time. But I never really paid any attention to it. I mean, candy - really? Is this a place I need to know about?But at the recent OYE at Bliss Rebar, Chris B was talking about how amazing a place it was. This weekend we decided to surprise our kids so we gave them each a budget and turned them loose. Wow!The first thing you notice is that the place is jammed. And everyone there thinks they're little kids. It's not hard. Aside from the candy that's popular today, there are the perennial choices and (drum roll please) all the candy you remember from when you were a kid - whenever that was. So there were giggling five year olds and giddy 75 year olds. And everyone was buying.The owners (whose names I'm sad to say I didn't get) are from my old stomping ground, Cleveland. They have a 20,000 sf facility at Brookpark and Ridge, the largest of its kind in the country. They are very nice and happy to help with whatever you need. Sadly, they don't carry melting chocolate, which would have saved me a pre-Christmas trip to Phoenix every year. But who knows, maybe they'll change their minds. Also, in case they're paying attention, they should seriously consider carrying Malley's Easter candy. It's a Cleveland institution.Bottom line, this place is a must! It's fun and will take you back to whatever your childhood era was. The prices are fair and the people are great.Now if you'll excuse me, I hear a tootsie roll calling my name.
Baja Fresh was a new discovery when I arrived here.  With an office downtown, you like to walk around and find new grub joints. This one became a favorite - a short walk from the office and tasty too. My fave item is the Baja Buritto with steak, no onions and add sour cream. Your order is made fresh, so you'll have to wait a bit for it, but it's worth it. They have a dining area which can get crowded during weekday lunch rush. They also have a salsa bar, so take some and enjoy! Hint: Frequent visitors can save money on beverages by buying the large, reusable plastic cup with straw and lid...every visit after that it's only 99 cents!  This holds a LOT of drink!
It's all about the sizzle, not the steak, at PVBC.The burger itself is small and not very flavorful, if you get just a burger and apply pedestrian toppings. There was a bun - not much to say about it.They're doing a neat thing with the fancy toppings, but when you consider overall value of what you get for your money, combine that with the hype, consider what you can get elsewhere, it's just not worth what you pay.For the more mathey, that equation looks like this: $V = ( q+h )  { c   *or: dollar value of quality plus hype is less than competition* no 'less than' symbol for yelp text fields, how lame
I, like others, really want to like Mary Coyle's more than I actually do. It's cute. Homedone interior, mostly shades of pink. Horrible floral border along the edge to the ceiling. Unframed prints - trios of sundaes and fading Norman Rockwells... unsteady booths. Astrobright pink menu of overpriced options.I love that they have peppermint ice cream in June.  We went for the ice cream cookie sandwich; the menu said allow extra 10 minutes for that, presumably so they could make the cookies. Unfortunately, we got it back within minutes to a hard, old, unappetizing premade cookie instead. That was a bummer.
i'm a fan. the Hurricanes did a good job of putting a smile on my face, and during happy hour, 4 hurricanes and the shrimp spring roll was only 25$so happy hour yes. dinner probably not. i have loved this building since i was a child. so i'm happy it's still around and not returned to the ground, in rubble.
Went in here for the first time recently, intending to use the appetizer/wine tasting Groupon.  Upon walking in, the hostess seemed inconvenienced and asked "Can I help you?"  Well,um, we'd like a table (duh).  Though there were some open, she said they were all "reserved," so we asked if we could sit at one of the many that were open outside.  She went and checked to see if they were available, then came back and said they weren't going to open the outside.   Hmmm... well that's a bad business decision.  People arriving and waiting for tables, all the tables inside are "reserved," there's plenty of tables available outside on a beautiful evening, yet they won't open that area.  We walked out and didn't think twice about it.
I was visiting Scottsdale and was looking for great Mexican food.  I live in Boston, where we have great food, and even a couple of very good Mexican restaurants, but I figured that in the Southwest, Mexcellence would abound.  Boy, was I wrong!  I read all the reviews on Yelp of dozens of restaurants, and finally decided to try Los Sombreros for a late dinner on Friday night, Feb 6 2009.  I was in AZ by myself, so I figured I'd eat at the bar and get a great eye on how the place worked.  Many Yelpers mentioned a lively bar scene, Steve the bartender, his attentiveness & his margaritas, so I headed there hoping he'd be working. Well, no Steve.  And my first disappointment was that not one Yelper mentioned that the bar is OUTSIDE!!  I know it's Arizona, but a cold front had come through & it was only 48 degrees.  I'm a Bostonian.  I'm not afraid of the cold, but if even one Yelper had mentioned that the bar was outdoors, I'd have chosen another restaurant.  The bar also has only 6 seats (well, 7 if you count the one where the pole in your face is closer to you than the worst seat at Fenway or in the old Boston Garden - that seat lacks bar top space sufficient to even hold a drink).As a salsamaniac, I was looking forward to the salsa because so many Yelpers had raved about it.  People!!  When the salsa is a tomatillo salsa, you should at least mention that fact!  42 reviews and not one person thought to mention that the salsa is green?!?  I love tomatillos, but I was looking forward to a tomato-based salsa and didn't get one.  And as tomatillo salsas go, this was average, at very best. I loved the fact that later in the evening, Los Sombreros re-activates its happy hour menu & offers a variety of plates for $5. That was cool, and I tried the guac & chips.  Again, disappointment.    The avocado had some brown spots and the chunks were so big that they snapped every single chip I tried to use to "dip" into the guac.  The only way to eat it was to use the fork to pick up the avocado chunks and put them on the chips.  I can't even say that the avocado was diced.  It was chunked, at best, so the "guacamole" consisted of chunks of avocado & a little seasoning. And speaking of the chips . . . at even an average Mexican restaurant, I expect them to be warm & well-salted.  These were cold, slightly stale, huge and virtually salt-free. I ordered a margarita.  At a Mexican restaurant, especially when I'm seated at the bar, I don't expect to see my margarita poured out of a pre-mixed bottle.  And I don't expect it to taste worse than the pre-mixed Cuervo margaritas we had at the last Jimmy Buffett tailgate.  If crowds necessitate making your house margarita in batches ahead of time, that's understandable.  But don't pour from the big tub for the people actually seated at the bar.  That's just dumb bar management. My entree was a delicious sounding shrimp, tortilla & cheese concoction (I apologize for neglecting to write down its actual name).  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good, either.  It arrived looking like a Mexican shrimp & cheese casserole, with pieces of tortilla so large that two cuts of each tortilla piece were necessary in order to create an appropriately-sized bite.  The shrimp were delicious, but come on - how tough is it to cook shrimp?  The tortillas, tomatoes and cheese were messy & melty, but there was nothing special about the dish.  The strongest flavor came from the shrimp, and that should tell you a lot. Overall, I felt cheated.  I wasted one of my few evenings in Scottsdale on Mexican food and a restaurant experience easily beatable on Route 1 in Medford, MA at anyplace with a sombrero you choose to try.  Seriously - steer well clear of Los Sombreros.  You can save a bundle by going to the grocery store & picking up some Old El Paso.  It won't be worse.
I only got to this place once while I was in Arizona and really intended to go back--maybe next trip!.  They had really wonderful spaghetti with white clam sauce, an item I often try but rarely find as good as my home place in California--San Fillipo's in La Mesa.  My daughter got the calzones, which she had had here before and knew they were good.  I had a taste and while that is an item I never order, they were delicious!  The atmosphere here was very nice also and I was really glad we had chosen it.  It's one I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to others.
I am staying at a hotel on Indian School, and this place caught my eye. I know AZ has a fixation with Fry Bread, and felt like giving it a shot. A lady had a table set up, she was hawking jewelry and knick-nacks. Once inside, the atmosphere was like a traditional burrito place, but with a Native American flair to it. I ordered a Carne Asada taco and a "Chief" size soda. I helped myself to some complimentary water, and sat at the fast food-style benched table. The meat was great, and tasty, but the whole idea is the Fry Bread that it is served on. Pretty good, flaky, and huge portions. I would recommend for a lunch if you are in the area and feeling a bit adventurous.
Usually when I visit my family in Phoenix it takes what seems like a lifetime to find a place to eat that is not the tried, true, and tired.  Eating at this modest restaurant was the culinary highlight of my trip to Phoenix.  I implore all Phoenicians to frequent this establishment and your taste buds will thank you.For starters, the chips were wonderfully light and not too oily.  The chips come with two different types of salsa.  A red salsa with a little bit of a bite and a green avocado salsa that is mild with just the right hint of avocado. I ordered the shrimp in garlic sauce and the dish was sublime.  The shrimp were sauteed with red bell peppers and onions.  The vegetables were cooked perfectly - not too soft and not too crunchy.  The garlic sauce was wonderfully sweet and garlicky.  I couldn't get enough of it.My dining companions both ordered the Camarones Culichi.  This dish is freaking amazing!  It consists of shrimp cooked in a green tomatillo sauce and loaded with melted Manchego cheese.  The sauce is divine and words cannot describe it properly.  The perfect accompaniments to these dishes were Mexican Coca-Colas (Yay!), creamy beans topped with cheese, and white rice with vegetables.  The tortillas were right on and looked to be homemade.Leave behind the comfort of the fancy pants restaurants that the trendinistas like to go to and try something real.  You will not be sorry.
I'm a big Liberty Market fan and way overdue on this review. I'm also a big Joe Johnston fan. Think he's a great guy & love that he's about great AZ food, drink, coffee & gelato/ice cream - and not just his own stuff.I've been to Liberty Market a host of times and enjoyed it each one. This past one, I went by for EVTM (East Valley Thursday Morning) and hung out with 40-50 friends & strangers.I ate breakfast at LM for the first time and it was stellar. I got the demi-breakfast (scrambled eggs, meatball & pancake) and a bowl-a-ccino. The giant bowl of cappuccino was excellent, as is all the coffee I've had there. It was quite pretty as well with a very nice pour. I thought the food was remarkable too - especially the scrambled eggs which were perfectly done (little bit soft) and the meatball (was hint of wonderful cheese in it - Parmigiano-Reggiano or something similar?). Super yum. While I thought the pancake was great as well, the other 2 were the standouts for me.I also love the decor & ambiance of LM. I love how casual it is and how easy it is to feel comfortable with your family & friends. I think the ordering mechanics lend to that - you order at the counter & take your number to a table of your choice.The building just reeks of character, with exposed brick and is beautifully decorated in kind of a retro vibe. The bathrooms are also very cool.In past visits we've also had the meatballs, the rancher sandwich and some of the pizzas, which were all excellent.If LM wasn't so far from our house, I know with certainty that it would be one of our regular haunts.
Pleasant staff, typical yumminess!  Cookie don't you want some with sinless sweet creamI was not as offended by the staff as others, but we also went close to 8pm on a week night.I was more offended by the stupid people in the store!I always get the same thing! Cookie don't you want some. And i substitute the sinless for the regular. With all that goodness inside, you can't tell the difference! I also go with the love it size - they fill it up really nicely!
I've been to Pure Sushi's Old Town location once for drinks and once for dinner... and I intend to return again as I had really good experiences both times.  The sushi is a tad expensive, but you get what you pay for - the quality is high!  Fresh and flavorful, I enjoyed pretty much everything I tried when i was there.  The highlights for me included:*cucumber sunomono*seaweed salad*edamame*box sushi - my favorite - a must order!*salmon sashimi - incredible!*yellowtail sashimiNice wine selection - we sampled several whites... and our service was attentive as well.  As for ambiance - the 'cell phone booth' by the bathroom is a nice touch, and I'd agree with the reviews that came before this one - it is hip, cool, clean, and located in Old Town... don't knock 'em for that.  Cool location next to AZ 88, the Mondrian, and Scottsdale Center for the Arts.The lunch specials look like they are priced well and the dinner main courses sound pretty amazing too.  Pure and simple - I can't wait to return soon!
A group of us from my company went here during a regional meeting in Phoenix.  What a great pick.  Small place, but has been on DDD.  Most of us got pizza, but a couple also went for the pasta dishes.  I split the Italian Stallion pizza and the Chicken Pesto Lasagna with a co-worker.  Both were really, really good.  We also tried the stuffed shrimp and calamari for appetizers.  Shrimp were tasty, calamari was standard fare.  They were out of fried ravioli, but substituted some garlic bread for no charge.Staff was incredibly friendly. I think we had the owner's daughter for our waitress.  Food was made fast and delivered piping hot.  We did have to wait about 20 minutes for our table, which for such a small space and a group of 8 was amazing. Prices are very reasonable too.I will definitely return here on future trips to Phoenix!
What's the big deal?  I feel like this place is over priced.  Their ideas are ok, but nothing spectacular.  Portions aren't very big.  I might come back and see if anything's improved once a year or so...  Or maybe come for happy hour where I can see what's going on at a lower rate..
I'm not going to lie: I've been looking forward to this place for months. I checked it out over the opening weekend, and less than 24 hours in, they've got a good thing going. They don't have all of the pieces of the menu in tact just yet, but there's enough there to get a great idea of what it's going to be like. The wood-fired oven gives everything a bit of rustic flair, and the cocktails that had debuted on the menu were poured with a heavy hand, so bravo. I tried the half-chicken, which was roasted to perfection: crispy, salted skin and plump, juicy insides. The atmosphere is chic, beautiful and airy. The bar that opens into a small courtyard is one of Phoenix's most beautiful, and the patio space will soon have more beautiful people than the Vig. I'm curious to see what the upstairs portion will be used for --whether private events or additional seating, it looked like another fantastic use of space. For as long as they took to remodel this place, it looks perfect. They do need to do something about the front door, though. It's a wide plank of glass so clean that someone planted his face right into it so hard he was stunned... I'm still not sure the poor guy knew what happened.
After 3 visits, it's time for a review. But first, I just have to address some of the other, more negative reviews - 1. "The chalkboard is confusing" - No it's not. Find a beer you like the sound of, or the style, tell the server the number. Easy2. "The colours of the chalk hurt my eyes" - really? get some glasses.3. "It closes too early" - come earlier4. "It's too busy" - come later5. "I don't like craft beer" - don't come at all6. "I have to share my table, eeew" - unless you are paying their bill, what's yer problem? make some new friends.7. "It's too loud" - It's a bar, it's supposed to be loud8. "the parking lot is too small" - be thankful that there is a (free) parking lot. There is always street parking or you could ride a bike.9. "there's not enough bike parking" - chain it to a lamppost.10. "The beers keep running out" - it is a rotating selection, they are not running out, they are changing.11 & 12 "The beers are too expensive" - "Where is the Coors/Bud/Miller?" - I give up.The fact that this bar is so unique is probably why so many people are confused and write dumbass reviews. It takes them out of their comfort zone. It is for this very reason that I am giving it 5 stars. Most places are exactly the same as everywhere else and kudos to Angel's Trumpet for daring to be different.I love the beer selection, I love that I haven't heard of most of them. I also love the food. The onion and blue cheese quesadilla was amazing. The bison BLT in a blanket was a knockout and the avocado salad made my vegetarian girlfriend very happy. The service has been good all 3 visits.What really blew my mind during the last visit was the quality of the music. When a bar plays The Jam, Madness, The Specials, The Clash, Talking Heads, Depeche Mode, The Police, The Beat, I know there is someone in charge (even if only in charge of the music) with good taste.One suggestion - the chalkboard on the patio should be raised. It's too low when people sit at the table right next to it and difficult to read. Other than that one, very minor inconvenience, this place is unique and it rocks. I will be back for sure.
After reading a few reviews from other yelp members I have to agree with them. I'm not going to go into detail, I'm just going to give a quick summary. We were at the place at 7pm on a Friday. If you want  table, they will be hard to find.1) Wine - I had a Cabernet - It was good but not spectacular. I'm sure that it was an honest pour, but for some reason, it seemed less that other places. 2) Bruschetta - Fair. Outside was nice and crunchy while the center was soggy. (Other reviews had similar comments.)3) Service - Was not spectacular. The waitresses seemed pre-occupied with other things. It seems that we were not the priority of her evening.4) Music - Way too loud. We were not able to talk without yelling across the tables. Very annoying. Although the DJ was pretty good with a great selection of music.I was really hoping to give this place better reviews. If you like this place, you will love Postino's.
My friends raved about this place and finally took me recently and I could not have been more disappointed.  The service was horrendous and slow.  I could have walked to either China or Mexico before I got my food.  The Diablo Chicken was dry and uninspired and the rice and beans were medicore at best.  Not sure what all the fan fare is about this place but I'll never go back.
This is my new favorite place to go to at the new City Scape in downtown Phoenix. The food, drinks, music, and atmosphere are all great. Copper Blues is the perfect decision for pre-show drinks and dinner. The restaurant is attached to the Stand Up Live comedy club and this past weekend my girlfriend and I met up with another couple at the restaurant before seeing Stephen Rannazzisi. For an appetizer we all really enjoyed the French Onion Dip with some BBQ potato chips, despite my girlfriend's hesitation to order this dish since it was "something you can easily pick up at the grocery store." For the main course three of us got the Copper Blues Burger, which has cheddar cheese, hickory bacon, roasted onions and tomato jam. Usually I'd do without the tomato jam, but I figured the hell with it and kept it on. I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. I have to say, I wasn't expecting it, but I was blown away by this burger and I'm definitely adding it to my list of best burgers in Phoenix. My friend's wife had the Caprese sandwich. Pretty standard, but it looked very good. All sandwiches came with a side of their house made BBQ chips, which we all ended up using to dip in the left over French Onion Dip. For the beer aficionados there are over 60 beers on tap. Check out their extensive list here:  http://copperblueslive.com/page.cfm?id=1028Me? I'll take a Coors Light.
Another tough one that will require revisiting and re-scoring in a few to several months, if things change. Had a few visits so far, with generally good but mixed results.THE CONCEPT - 4 StarsI'm no Weil disciple who drops to their knees and goes all agape for his every utterance. But I think he is the perfect partner for a Fox concept, as long as the fresh, fresh, fresh motto is adhered to over the long term. I like some of the Fox places (okay one, Greene House) and it's the same chef that opened True Food.My Dad was recently diagnosed with Seliac Disease and seeing more and more restaurants acknowledge that dietary restriction on gluten is important to a growing segment of people is refreshing. The menu makes it easy to distinguish between various dietary regimens and other considerations, in both food and drink. I eat anything, but it sure makes it easier to eat with those who are justifiably (and sometimes unjustifiably) conscious of what they put in their bodies.Everything from the mixed drinks to the food items seems to be VERY fresh, or at least sourced very well.THE SPACE - 4 StarsSimple, modern, open California kitchen appeal. I like how they raised the ceiling of the old Coffee Plantation shithole. The mural wall and the over-sized lamps are fun. Open kitchens are always a little more fun and give you something to talk about if your date is lacking in conversational acumen.THE EXECUTION (for now) - 3 StarsServiceThey're trying. Things still seem jittery with some of the servers. Have seen a lot of food go to the wrong tables and places. I'm sure they'll work through that. Everyone is friendly, but not necessarily knowledgable about the food. Sure they've memorized the spiel, but these aren't foodie servers. They're young, friendly folks working at a hip spot.FoodHave tried several things that were tasty and fresh, if not particularly interesting. They just kind of show you that you can eat stuff that is relatively healthy and not have it taste like nothing. A few things so far have shined: the spelt pizzas have a unique, chewy crust and nice toppings. The Kale Salad is unique and delicious. Nice textures. The Shrimp Dumplings are nice, but make you yearn to eat real chinese, or make your own like you like 'em. Steak Tacos are of the Fresh Mex variety but have a great char.On the downside...I had the Turkey Bolognese Penne. To me, there is never an excuse for overcooked pasta. If you cook it, and it's overdone, throw it away and cook it again. Check your pasta, it's the heart of the dish. I neglected to order "al dente" because so many places give you that look like "But of course, signore!" And you shouldn't have to ask for pasta to be done that way. That's the only way it should be done, unless you're eating Spaghettios. As for the sauce, it tasted like diced San Marzano's which is great! But if you use the canned San Marzano's omit the little pieces with the unchewable stem base. Cut that part out or pitch the piece. I added shrimp to the dish at the server's suggestions, despite my past history of NOT combining shrimp and turkey. Call me crazy, but that's just not a combo I yearn for. Would have been fine though, except that the shrimp were completely undercooked. I eat shrimp raw, when I intend to, but that clear uncooked shrimp is not the texture you want in a cooked dish. At sashimi/sushi, yes. Pasta, no. Seems to happen a lot though. And no discernible seasoning or flavor to them either.My wife's salmon was largely flavorless, and very rare. Fine for us as we love raw salmon. But at a certain point, she just would have preferred sashimi and the accompanying soy sauce. I'm sure the amount or rareness would have been a problem for many diners. Especially when combined with almost no salt. On that note, the fresh fish crudo of the day was a nice hamachi with an excellent yuzu/miso (? - that's what it tasted like) sauce. BOTTOM LINE - 3 Stars for nowI could see this going either way in the future, but if they stay fresh and improve on the execution, it's a no-brainer that they will end up a 4 star. I don't think they'll ever hit 5 stars, just because their commitment to the healthy stuff and a very broad appeal will keep them from really being able to push it from a culinary standpoint.
Despite the name my girlfriend would not let me wear my Fez to dinner. Even without the fun hat it was a great meal.Walk in and you are greeted with a modern contemporary interior and a patio that has some of the best views of the light rail on central. The patio does have heaters for the 4 months of winter. The menu consists of salads, burgers, and some entree`s. We started with the full Marrakech salad 9.99. What was nice was the fact I split this with my girlfriend and they served it on two separate plates. This is great as it saves us from dropping a third on the table while we try to split; it also restricts my selfish nature and ensures my girlfriend gets some food. The salad itself was nice fresh spinach, orange supremes and a light dressing. Our mains consisted of the Veggie burger 9.99 with sweet potato fires and mixed greens and the apricot Salmon. 17.95. The burger was great, soft moist and full of flavor, the fries were crisp but it bit too desert like with the cinnamon. Our salmon was cooked perfectly, and the cous cous was light and fluffy. The apricot glaze was sweet but not overpowering.For desert we had the tarimsu. Again marvelous light decadent and nicely dusted with coco powder that I got on my sleeve. Service was great just as the food was.
I've often thought that all I really need to sustain in life is bread and salami.  But thats just a pipe dream and if my doctor ever read this he would have a few other things to suggest.But really, its so simple and yet so good.  Which is Andreoli in a nut-shell.  An Italian deli at its finest.  The salami was quality.  The bread, a perfect baguette, was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Add arugula and some roasted peppers and I'll tell you what you got there . . . . you got big yum!Yes, its a bit pricey, but the sandwich did come a side salad of fresh romaine and other assorted lettuces tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette with fresh cracked pepper.  A surprise I very much enjoyed.  And frankly, I know where to get a cheap meal but I will happily pay for quality any and every day.I'm not sure I'll ever be on this side of town again, but if I am, I will keep this place in mind.
I've been working some straight to the point reviews lately so I'm going to keep up with my current trend. Heres the 1,2,3.The beer is on point! The Imperial IPA was the super star tonight. Just an amazing beer. All of the beer offerings were well made. Good stuff all the way around.The pizza is MONEY!!! Wood fired, thin crust, fresh ingredients. This is what all other pizza wants to grow up to be! Possibly....the best pizza in Phoenix.Yeah, I effin said it! Loved it. We had a salad too. Great but completely overshadowed by the pizza.Nice build out, comfortable atmosphere and friendly service. This is a great place. Check it out!
I give RA 4 stars mainly because I had a great time there.  I was with a fairly big group, most of whom hadn't seen each other in a few.  You could tell that most of the girls in the place were only there because they think eating sushi is "trendy".  You're stupid.  Anyway, the sushi was better than that of the RA in Chicago, so I was pleased.  My martini would have probably been a little too strong for most, but those that know me know that "too strong" is not in my vocabulary when it comes to alcohol, so I didn't mind.Overall, it was a pleasant experience and if I lived in the area, I would go back again, however, on my next trip out there, I would like to try another sushi establishment.
Delicious! The Hey Joe Special is comprised of perfectly tender and moist chicken (served on the bone, slightly awkward/messy but really really perfectly done), beautifully seasoned pork, and lumpia for $8, along with a pinch of salad and a healthy scoop of rice for the sides. The lumpia were (was? i don't know Filipino food) crispy and savory - I'm glad I splashed the sweet/spicy sauce Brian recommended on them. The pork had an intriguing citrus flavor which I loved. The Hey Joe truck will be at 18th Ave & Deer Valley on Mondays from 11-1 for the foreseeable future (your best way to find them is to follow them at twitter.com/heyjoetruck), and I will be there w/ an appetite.
How this place stays afloat is beyond me. It is just so tiny. But in that tiny little space, that man packs a PUNCH of greatness! He is so nice and seems so happy to be there! The cookies are so fresh, and he will tell you his faves. The prices are super reasonable.. you can get a half cookie sandwich! He is not a cheapee, he will let you pay for a small amount, and he even OFFERS it! So sweet to the kids, great Iced tea, my only wish is that this place was bigger. But then he would have to raise his prices and stop offering me half cookie sandwiches that totally hit the spot in all the right places! Super job, sir, I hope you stay around forever!
I grew up on these pasteries. Every Mothers day, Easter, Christmas, you name it, dad would get up at 4:30 to wait in line with every hispanic family in Phoenix to get a big pink box full of pasteries. I still get them some 20 years later every chance I get, they just do an incredible job. The Pina Empanadas with the extra flaky crust are quite possibly the best baked good I have ever eaten in my life. Yes, better than Tammie Coe, better than Sprinkles, etc. If you come in on the weekend past say 7:30 you're going to have slim pickins as all the good stuff gets gobbled up early.
Why did I love this place so much?+ Free softserve icecream+ Loads of organic produce and bread+ No high fructose corn syrup (unless you get a soda)+ Excellent spicey tortilla soup+ Quick, healthy and delicious+ My bf got the potatoe and I couldn't believe the monster! It was 4 lbs!It sounds like this place has improved since earlier reviews. I would go back anytime for lunch, it was great. And kids eat free on Sunday's (so avoid it like the plauge and go another day ;)
I used to come for the booze (I actually still do!) but I wound up bringing my family in for dinner while they were visiting from out of town. Being the zealous consumer of lamb that he is, my father ordered the Greek-style lamb chops. Needless to say that every time he's in town, he HAS to go to Feeney's and have the lamb. He has since tried the pork chops (also Greek-style) and is just as much of a fan of those. I've brought in other family since who are also nuts about the lamb. So bottom line, if you're into lamb, come here and take it Greek-style!Not a lamb eater myself, I usually get the filet mignon. There is just something about the way the filet is prepared, old-school style and not a lot of bells and whistles. Bells and whistles are not needed because it's just so damned good: tender and flavorful. What else is delicious? The calamari is AWESOME-probably one of my favorite in any restaurant anywhere.The service here is above and beyond. Maria and George and the rest of the servers treat all of their customers like family which is why they have so much repeat business. In addition, you will never have an empty glass in front of you, whether is beer, wine cocktails, soda, coffee, even your glass of water is always refilled.Sure there are other places in The Valley that are fancier where the food comes to your table almost too pretty to eat, but that comes with a price tag and often a nice appearance is used to mask inferior quality. Not the case here, you always enjoy a good, down-home, no-nonsense meal with great service and all at a VERY reasonable cost.
I really wanted to like this place and I think if I had ordered anything else off of their menu I would have.  Unfortunately I ordered their veggie and it just didn't really work out.  The bread was great and all their veggies were nice and fresh, but the sandwich just needed a little something extra (a second cheese, some seasoning, SOMETHING) just to give it some flavor.  I tried adding salt and pepper but it just wasn't enough.I'm giving them three stars since the guys working there were really friendly and the bread was good.  If I ever get a chance to come back to Phoenix I'll give one of their meat sandwiches a try.
This review is for Andrew's BBQ BUFFET!   :-))Drop in to this friendly, good-sized cafe at 11 AM or so on a Tuesday, & you can treat yourself to their all-you-can-eat BBQ Buffet!  Today I started with a glass of lemonade, a big pulled pork sandwich, some tasty skin-on mashed potatoes, & creamed corn.  Second round included baked beans, BBQ beef, BBQ chicken breast slices, & I finished the whole feast off with a big, fresh chocolate chip cookie!$9.23 includes drink & dessert.  Yum!====================================4/27/10 Update:  The buffet is now on the LAST Tuesday of the month only.  No problem, & I was there again today, lovin' it, but note:This place is serious BBQ, & it's almost exclusively a GUY THING.Of course everyone is welcome, but as Mr. Chef sliced the pork off a whole 60 lb. (former) pig, right there in front of God & everybody, the place was FULL of customers, with but ONE brave female customer on hand to join in the fun.  Ok, so you've been warned.  Whatever gender you are, if you want some serious BBQ, mark your calendar!   :-))
Oh how I love a good breakfast!     My first experience at this quaint little establishment was this past weekend, my sister, her boyfriend....my girlfriend and I decided we needed a bite to eat after a looong night of celebrating....they chose to make the trek from Gilbert to our side of town...our first logical choice laying in bed with a swelling head you ask?  Of course we had to try Matt's...after all, we had been hearing for weeks about the bountiful breakfast that awaited....     I absolutely love something about a place that can make you feel as though your a tourist in your own town...and this one does it, very small inside....no waiting area except the side walk in front....you have to "sign in" on an ordering pad (cute touch in my opinion)...any how, after seeing what we were up against....I thought the worst, you know what I'm talking about....long wait!  Thankfully I was wrong, we were sat within about 10 minutes!  (Side note, I think we were a bit lucky on timing....as we left, there were a LOT more people waiting, I believe we got there around 9-9:30)     Ok....for breakfast we all tried about the same thing....."The Hog and Chick"....fancy(kind of ;) way of saying eggs and some kind of swine....anyhow, all the basics are included here...potatoes (your choice, home fries or hash brown)  I chose home fries...and let me tell you, I was pleasantly surprised...with out a doubt the best I'd ever had!  Along with the potatoes there were onions and fresh rosemary....honestly the rosemary made them.  The eggs were cooked wonderfully....over easy seems like an easy fix...but its truly amazing how many times this can be a disaster.  My best friend had the ham....and let me tell ya...Nicki loves some good ham...and she got it!       I have read some other reviews of this place....some talking of prices too steep....not sure where they were coming from, but all four of us....huge plates, soft drinks and or milk....with tip about 45 dollars...not sure I would classify that as "over the top"....not for a meal of this magnitude...maybe Denny's...but hey if you want that...you know where to go ;)     Only quark with our truly wonderful experience you ask?....we got the wrong drinks....regular instead of diet....other than that, the wait staff was cheery and funny...two things that are a must with me when I'm baby sitting a hang over.Like I said...I love a good breakfast...Matt's truly delivers!Thanks Matt....I will be back, very soon!
This place is empty these days for a reason.It took almost an hour to get my supposedly medium-rare Kobe beef burger. I also ordered it with red onions, pickles, chipotle mayo, and on a whole wheat bun. The chef of the evening decided upon himself to correct my order while in the kitchen. I received a very well-done piece of mystery meat (it could have been dog meat at this point, the depressing char masking its true identity) with arugala and bacon on a white bun.I sent the order back, because for $15, I should be able to make my own culinary decisions. Shouldn't I?This time, twenty minutes later, I received again a burnt piece of tasteless meat (maybe they ran out of salt and pepper and couldn't figure out where to buy some?), but with the original toppings that I ordered. Well, aside from the bun -- that remained white.The meat also looked very familiar, and at this point I wouldn't put it past them to have just placed the patty under a heat lamp, went out for a few cigarettes, then returned the burger to me. But I'm also just a cynical bastard. I ate half of the burger before feeling like vomiting a little in my mouth, downed my water, paid (after hunting down my waitress), and left.If you want to pay this much for a burger, go to Delux instead. The quality at Blu Burger Grille appears to be extreme hit/miss.
Errrbody hatin' on Gold Bar!Personally, I like their coffee (OK, actually I like the Iced Mocha). I went there almost every single day (sometimes two) through college, so I have some loyalty. Consequently, I think I put one of their kids through college with the amount of coffee I bought. I actually like the fact they don't have music blaring in my ear. It made Gold Bar a much better study environment. On weekends they do have live music (jazz, classical guitar). I can't say anything about the food, except for the yummy McTavish cookies. Sitting is limited. Hours are great. And they are still around despite Starbuck moving in on their territory. HISSBOO.PLUS, they are open on Thanksgiving & Christmas Day for a couple of hours with $1 coffee. HELLSYAH!
This is not your average sandwich place. Nor are they normal sandwiches. They have a Vietnamese touch so it is different.They are very fresh, all of the sandwiches that I have tried were delicious. They have various other things in this place, it's all very interesting.The prices are great. The people are friendly. Go there.
So how does one go about trying to capture the essence of their love/hate relationship with a Wal-Mart? Falling prices and the happy yellow smiling face aside, do you embrace the mascot for consumerism or come down on the side of price fixing and driving the supply market to third world countries? I will admit, there are times moral ethics take a back seat to getting a good deal and I will head on out to my local store. On those occasions, I can be guaranteed of a few things:1) You will not ever find a parking spot anywhere near one of the entrances, so don't even bother with lot trolling.2) Locating someone to answer a question is like searching for the Holy Grail.3) At some point during your visit, you will have to step over a soiled diaper.4) You will find a meat or dairy product tucked away in the hunting gear or automotive department.5) You will become convinced that some parents have chosen the store as their babysitter and dropped their kids off at the door, leaving them to run screaming through the aisles, spreading terror wherever they go.6) Your cart will either pull to one side, making it impossible to maintain a straight line OR will make a piercing shrill noise similar to that of a howler monkey.7) They will be out of the one thing that made your visit imperative.8) The clothing department will look like they were filming a scene for the movie Twister.9) The customer service line will be snaked longer than an E-Ticket ride at Disneyland during spring break. (I believe this is a plot to lesson your likelihood to return items)10) They will only have 3 checkout lanes open and the person in front of you will have selected the single item with no pricing information, requiring a price check (see #2) OR will not have enough money to pay for everything and will have to pare down their purchase.For those of you that are looking for BIG excitement, take a tour of this place at 11:00 p.m. on Christmas Eve. I promise you an experience you will never forget!
They've gone down in general.  Portions are smaller for happy hour.  Service is still aright.  Drained the pond out front.  Sad.  Bread and butter were not fresh last week and I always look forward to THAT simple pleasure .  We can forgive the burnt and salty lobster since they gave us a new one on the house without us even asking.  Just disappointed as we used to LOVE this place.
FYI: this place delivers to the JW Marriott at Desert Ridge.  I haven't heard a lot of great things about this place and when I saw the reviews I was skeptical about ordering a pizza from here but after a long day in the lazy river, we wanted pizza so I threw caution in the wind and I'm glad I did.The delivery was quick, even though it was a busy Friday night.  We ordered a cheese and a Hawaiian - both were absolutely delicious.  My dad even hopped over to our room after his fancy meal at the hotel restaurant and enjoyed a slice.  He pointed out that this pizza is made on a hearth, I can't think of how that's possible but I had fun trying to visualize it in my semi sober state of mind.  I'd like to visit the place and see it for myself sometime.
People the world over have set aside Sunday as a time to fulfill religious obligations in a church or a temple or whatever. I, too, devote Sunday to a spiritual undertaking of sorts. Brunch: the most important of all Sunday traditions, and Gallo Blanco is one of my favorite houses of worship.I begin my service with a holy communion of mimosas. I reflect on the salvation that the blood of distilled grapes and fresh squeezed flesh of oranges provides to me. Then the divine Huevos Rancheros speaks to me through a chorus of heavenly flavors. The housemade tortillas, perfect blend of cheeses, and spicy tomato sauce brings me to my knees in a prayer of thanksgiving.The saints that staff this wonderful establishment are very helpful and attentive. They are always happy to bring out an additional round of mimosas or to explain any menu item. I will religiously attend brunch at Gallo Blanco because their food is amazing, and the wait is not as bad as other brunch hotspots around downtown.Amen!
********The noise level on Sunday, was unacceptable.**********I defy you, to hear a single word, your table mate(s) say.Not the place..... if you want conversation.......between bites.YOU'LL revisit your youth on Sunday .... remember those Rock Concerts ??? *********My first time here on a Sunday .... and MY LAST !!! ***********Monday thru Friday, you can hear yourself think.Saturday, I have no idea.Sunday, the noise ambiance is on the verge, of being pain-full.The food was A-OK..... 4 starsThe service was also ..... 4 starsTHE ONE STAR IS FOR THE NOSIEST RESTAURANT, I'VE EVER EXPERIENCED.
Nice selection on tap and nice atmosphere.  Unfortunately the food doesn't quite get to the 4 or 5 star mark.I was excited to see the traditional Haddock used for fish and chips, especially when I ordered the large portion to share with my wife.  When the plate arrived with a pound of Haddock in two long slabs hanging over the plate (That's what I'm talkin' about!) I was thrilled.  Then a mild case of disappointment set in:  the fish was slightly overdone and tasted a little fishy.  I also did not like that the chips had a coating.  Oh well.  We are a long way from the Atlantic aren't we.
What else can you ask for? Tasty food, GREAT SERVICE, nice decoration and on a large group they WON'T enforce gratuity!Of course we were more than delighted to tip well the guy that served us! I ordered the pork sandwich and thou I'm fan of Lee's...this one goes on the top of my list. GREAT! soft still crunchy baguette that matched the ingredients inside. My friends had different things and all tasted good. One of the favorites was the rice crepes and a fish cooked in coconut milk.Thank you Sekong!!
Was in the area due to the Chinese New Year festival at the cofco center. After falling in love with all the Mexican pastries at Phoenix Ranch Market I did some research on other various valley Panaderia. This one poped up on Yelp and I had been looking for a good excuse to make it here for a long time. Today was that day! I figured at least if I had a melt down it was on a day I was supposed to cheat :PWalked in and there were a few families sitting at the tables inside the small space enjoying their weekend special of menudo. First thing I noticed was not only were they a bakery but they also made some Mexican lunch/dinner items as well. That was going to have to wait for another day. I was here to collect sweets for after dinner.The gentlemen behind the counter was extremely nice and patient as I looked everything over 10 or 20 times. You'll have to excuse my gringoness as I explain the items I wasn't familiar with.Square, Baked Coconut, Custard Pastry:A type of phyllo dough that had a hole cut in the center which was filled with a custard. The top of the pastry was sprinkled with shredded sweetened coconut and baked golden brown. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FxEJjLZj6UdsOCGcgEufeA?select=_laOfCHYOXa9CuUJRabhFgCoconut Sweet Bread:Usually when you see these dome shaped breads they have a pretty dense texture. When we tore into this is was super surprised to find that it was more of a croissant texture. It had been dipped in a sugar glaze then into sweetened coconut flakes. *drool* man I love coconut. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FxEJjLZj6UdsOCGcgEufeA?select=ZZiHJoOBXRJedGpydREX8gEmpanadas De Calabazas(Pumpkin):Classic cinnamon spiced pumpkin empanada. It was less skimpy on the filling them I'm used to. It was very nice and even more amazing when we dipped it in some honey we had on the table at dinner. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FxEJjLZj6UdsOCGcgEufeA?select=lxtBwRYlOKChEhH4zXze9QI have come to appreciate Mexican pastries because they tend to be less sugar laden then American sweets. This means I can eat and enjoy them without feeling as sugar comma'ed as I normally would. I would have to say this bakery has veered a bit towards the American pallet and gone a little heavier on the sugar but still very mild compared to an American pastry/doughnut.Its local, the people are nice, the prices affordable, everything fresh. I can't think of a single reason not to come and show some support every now and again. You will pay a little more here then you would at food city or pros ranch but the quality is there.
I feel so compelled to try to balance out that crappy 1 star review based on her liberal PETA preaching.. Hey Denice you gonna give Aj's 1 star? How about the dozen or so restaurants as well that serve up Duck Liver.. The food at Le Chalet is topps, unpretentious service, and the BEST DUCK LIVER on the Planet! They have their own cages in the back I think, where they beat the bird to order, so it can be a little more fresh! Denise you are the biggest hipocrite in the World, if you have ever eaten out, and eaten a chicken, an egg, or god forbid a hamburger..
great wine bar in scottsdale.  i found the restaurant to be larger than other cozier wine bars but they did a fantastic job in utilizing the space by making it warm, and welcoming.  i loved the artwork too. for my entree i went with the small mixed green field greens, celery, cucumber, grape tomatoes, grilled lemon vinaigrette and added grilled chicken.  The wine list is extensive and i went with the servers recommendation of a nice cab and i am sorry to say i cannot remember the name. i met up with Aly d at 5th and wine and I'm happy i finally got to try 5th and wine and would definitely return. I have to agree with her review- the music was not my preference.
Ugh. We absolutely hated our experience here. When we first arrived, the host (who was standing outside at a stand) called us "sir" and "madam," which I thought was a little peculiar but not in and of itself annoying. Little did I know that ~32 minutes later, we'd look back and think of his misplaced etiquette as the only positive thing about our dining experience at Dragonfly. The service was totally unimpressive, especially given that the restaurant wasn't at all crowded, and the $4 happy-hour-special Long Islands were more sour mix than alcohol, but what really turned us off was the overly sweet, sugary, and poorly-thought-out food. We started with the "Mill Avenue" appetizer sampler. The only real standout was the cream-cheese filled puffs (ironically, the least authentic item) - the other items, including the sauce, were just off. The spare ribs were dry, the paper wrapped around the spring rolls was tough (telltale sign that they hadn't been freshly made), and the sauces were watery and had no zest at all. We eagerly looked forward to our entrees but when they came and we tried them, we found ourselves wishing for the flavorless and subpar - but not disgusting - appetizers. My husband had the mango beef - I used to work at a Vietnamese fusion restaurant where this was featured on the menu, and there, it consisted of thinly sliced beef with tender pieces of mango and a oyster sauce. Here, it was fatty chunks of beef with underripe mango in a sickeningly sweet, sticky sauce mixed up with a bunch of unrelated "sauteed" veggies. My yellow curry chicken and shrimp tasted less like a complex curry and more like a meat and veggie mixture (think bad Chinese) tossed in a paper bag with a whole jar of curry powder. When the waiter came to clear our almost-full plates, he asked if everything was ok. Our philosophy is usually to say something in response to that question only if something is fixable (e.g., a meat can be redone to be less well-done). In this case, the whole restaurant concept seems to be centered on serving flavorless and poor-quality large portions to a university crowd they seem to think is un-discerning. With so much wrong, a complete overhaul would be necessary. And, so...we said "We're just full. Thanks!" and got the hell out of there!
If you want good coffee without the corporate coffee environment,  then Copper Star Coffee is for you.  Take a seat with some friends and relax on the couch, converse over coffee and the best homemade cupcakes that will ever grace your lips.  This place is top notch, the decor is artsy,  the owner is friendly and his employees are cool.  GO!  ENJOY!  Kick your feet up!  Check out the awesome bathrooms too. FREE WI-FI.
***Appetizer: Pineapple Poke!I have actually dreamed about this dish- that resulted in me returning just to savor the delicious tuna creation.Both times I have gone I have just shared an assortment of appetizers... because they're so good! I'm looking forward to returning in the near future. Perhaps I will advance to an actual entree??!My BF loves the assortment of Micro brews on tap and they're served by very personable staff-complimentary.There is ALWAYS a wait after sporting events so I'd recommend sneaking out of the game early to grab a spot or weather the wait while sipping your favorite cocktail at the bar and hope to snag someones spot.
Food - Delicious.  Interior - Beautiful.  Everything else - Horrible.I had high hopes for Sochu House and was prepared for some kinks based on the reviews.  After having my In-Laws come down for lunch on a Wednesday, kinks are definitely what we experienced .We were sat at a wet table, thank you for wiping it clean but maybe have a dry cloth as well.  We ordered drinks, after waiting about 10 minutes, and waited another 15 minutes before another server checked on us to which we had to ask about our drinks.  We were then informed that 2 of the drinks ordered, Sapporo Draft, were unavailable.  I canceled the beer order.  Luckily we ordered our food at the same time we ordered our drinks.Having Tapas on your menu is great, and when we order food and specifically ask to "start with..." I would expect that to be noted.  Instead our food was brought out at random.  We enjoyed the White Truffle Edamame, super tasty.  We also had the wings, spicy and tasty, along with the crispy wanton, very tasty and the sauces that accompanied them were great.  My Wife and her Father had the Pad Thai, I thought it was good, but they said it was spicy.  I enjoyed the lunch special but have since forgotten the name.  We also had the crispy fish salad.  All of the food was delicious and well worth every penny.What put the cherry on top of a "bad service sundae" was when a glass of water was spilled in the lap of my Mother In-Law during clearing the table.  When something like this happens it is an accident and easily understood if a simple, sincere apology is given, and maybe even a Manager told about what happened, neither of these were done.  After this we receive our check with our canceled drinks still on the tab, this too had to be brought to our server's attention to be removed.What kept this from being a total rant on bad service is because the Manager stopped us on our way out and asked why one of us had wet pants and whose fault it was.  Had this gone unnoticed I don't think that even the wonderful food could justify a one star rating.   She in turn refunded our bill, thank you. I do hope that this is one of the last low star ratings Sochu receives.  The restaurant has great potential and a tasty menu to back it up.  Maybe this was a learning experience for us all.
I find it only appropriate I make Sabor Cubano my first review.   First of all, I am 1/2 cuban and was raised primarily in a cuban environment.When I first happened upon this place my eyes lit up in excitment.  "A Cuban Buffet joint!! no way!!!"  .. Yes way... but, to be honest, I entered expecting a halfed effort at cuban food.   I mean, how good can it be?  There are no cubans in Phoenix.. and the only well known attempt at Cuban cuisine is "Havana Cafe" (i'll keep my mouth shut on this one and review them MUCH later).On with the review.. I LOVE this place.  Do you remember the scene in "Ratattoulli" where Anton Ego has his first bite of the dish Ratatouille and was overwhelmed with euophoric adolecent emotion? Well.. that was me. This is the closest to Grandmas food I have EVER had.  If you;ve never been to a 1st generation Cubans home and eaten thier food.. then you might as well hop on over to Sabor Cubano because THIS is what cuban food tastes like.  This is 100%Cuban "comfort" food all the way.. and done right.  I took my brother there a couple of weeks ago.  We decided to give it an 8.  My  Grandmas food is an 10, Moms is a 9.. this place an 8.The servers, possibly daughter/relatives  of the owners are all  Cuban and friendly.  The food is all there.. there is no staple in Cuban food  missing.   All of the carb and protien overload you can hope fore. The plantano fritos and platanos maduros have to be ordered off the menu and will set you back about another  5 bucks total, but have them.  Any traditional cuban meal is eaten with a side of sweet of fried plantains.  Try the "Materva" while you're there.  A Cuban soft Drink made of "Mate root" and of course// finish your meal off with a "cafecito cubano" (cuban coffee), she'll confirm your order as an "Espresso" so that you are aware its a small strong shot.I applaud this place for thier genuitiy and effort. You'll find I am not usually as positive in a review and I'll throw constructive criticsm in more often than not.  I just wish they had "Iron Beer".. another poplular cuban soft drink.. and maybe knock off 2 bucks from the buffet cost., but now I'm just being cheap ...hey no ones perfect.
It was a dark and stormy night here in the valley of the sun. Clouds were rolling in faster than the light rail on a summer day. Even with the rain falling it was as sticky out as a pan of rolls from Cinnabon. As for me I was sitting on my porch contemplating whether or not to take this special case. With my belly rumbling I really had no choice. So after deciding to move on with my investigation I got in my car and started to cruise down Southern Ave in the heart of East Mesa, I passed by all the local late night suspects hangouts. Wendy's- no thanks! KFC- Sorry Colonel but you have failed too many times in the heat of battle, and I was still a little scarred from my sub battle with the sandwich Nazi (read my subway review). Jack in the box and Mcdonalds looked open but I was in no mood to clown around. This hunger of mine was getting out of control and I was the only one that could stop it. Just when all hope seemed lost and I would have to make a run for the border ( taco bell) a light from heaven or a little neon sign (I forget which one) that read Great China Super Buffet came into view. Now anyone who knows me at all knows I hate all things buffet, but if I wanted to solve this case and get rid of my gut wrenching hunger I knew I had no choice. So I did what any good food detective does and went in. Wow what a huge place. It was the kind of place that promised a good time if you were willing to spend a little dough. Over 200 items all waiting to tempt your palate and tickle your taste buds. Several freshly made dishes gave off scents that made my mouth water and my throat close at the same time as i sucked each nostril full, hoping that maybe the different flavors would enter my mouth and turn into food if I held them captive long enough. No such luck! So after speaking to the nice waitress I was handed a menu (got takeout) and took my time to study my file (menu). I had dealt with this cast of characters before. There was the delicious yet seductive Lady Moo Shu. She is the kind of dish that excites your taste buds and leaves you stumbling all over yourself waiting for the next bite. Then there is the General, Tso is his name and he commands his army to march right through the middle of flavor town. His attacks are swift and his spicy flavor bombs will blow away all your hunger till nothing remains. Eager to solve this case and eat some delicious food I ordered and dashed home. Each bite of chicken was just like that little light had been, pure heaven! Even though I was eating a meal at home they had somehow managed to take all those great smells and create a meal that made me wish it was my last. Why? Because how can I ever go back to the old neighborhood place that serves food that looks like it came from the frozen section at your local grocery store? I can't, I won't go back! Bottom line is you don't have to be a food detective to know this place offers some of THE BEST Chinese food in the STATE case closed. Now lets eat!
I'll be doing my reviews with "Gluten Free" in mind.  I do have Celiac but I am not extremely sensitive to cross contamination and such.  I do stick very closely to the gluten free diet though.We ate a late dinner at the Grand Lux on Saturday night.  The food was outstanding and the service was fantastic.  They do not have a gluten free menu available, but they will work with you to get you something you'll enjoy.  I ordered the pan roasted chicken.  It was served with awesome mashed potatoes, mashed sweet potatoes and fresh carrots, broccoli and snap peas.  GREAT dinner!!!  We were served by Josh, and he was very friendly and accommodating.  GREAT service also!!!  In the past I have also ordered their vegetable plate, which includes steamed white rice and you choose several side vegetables.I would highly recommend giving Grand Lux a try, I think you'll have as an enjoyable evening as we did.
Jana's makes some of the BEST baked goods in town.  My only regret is that they don't have longer hours.  I never manage to get there after work, and they seem to adjust some of their hours at will.... so best to call if you are coming from any real distance.The thing that most people don't realize is, that cheesecake originated in Eastern Europe.  All that "New York Cheesecake" is really grandma Sofia's recipe.  They have the original, made with traditional farmer's cheese. The other day I was lucky enough to get there while they were open.  I picked up a makoweic, a small poppy seed filled cake.  It was the best I have ever had.
This definitely IS the place to get your hoagies from!! On their website it states, "What is a hero?" You might ask yourself. Well, come try one. It's what others call a sub, hoagie or grinder, ONLY BETTER. What some call a sandwich, we call a snack. What other places call double, we call regular. We definitely don't skimp." Yeah, they definitely don't skimp on ANYTHING!! The quality of their bread and meats (Boar's Head), dressing, and customer service is spectacular. Ah yes, their customer service... You will definitely get that East Coast vibe- be a part of the family- yet don't feel offended if you hear a cuss word or five- and better know what you are going to be ordering cause this place is not for the indecisive. I haven't tried many Heros because I usually stick to my favorite one of all, a Po' Boy Special (ham, salami, bologna and American cheese with lettuce, tomato, onion and your choice of dressing). It costs $7.95, which is extremely cheap (not saying that you should be raising your prices but I would still be getting my Heros on even if you did) for the quality AND the quantity. The only downfall to Hero's Factory is that they are only open from 6 AM - 3 PM Monday to Friday, so I am not able to go there as often as I would like to. However, my husband does work downtown (night shift) and is able to bring me some before he heads home. To Nicole and Jay, and to the rest of the team, thank you for all of the Heros. :) P.S. Hero's Factory has made my Best of the Best ONLY list, of course.
It's pouring in Phoenix, the GPS doesn't recognize the address we've entered, the PGA Tour is here and redirecting us, and finally, we find our way to the very suburban, strip-mall located Jaspers Peak Bistro.We went to enjoy the Happy Hour in the bar and showed up to an empty place. Uh oh!  Being out-of-towners, we can only go by Yelp reviews and we're hoping we weren't steered wrong.  We grab a seat in the bar and are attended to by two lovely women!  As we are deciding upon beers, we get small samples of all their drafts, to aid in our decision making. How nice! =)The evening progresses in a similar fashion, except for the fact that about 30-45 minutes after our arrival, the place is packed!  Yelp wins again =)  We tried beer, wine, champagne, and cocktails. In preparation for my review, I wanted to be thorough!  The Chopin Cosmo was divine!  We also sampled some HH foods, which were half off:-Deviled Eggs: pretty simple and tasty-Cheese Plate: with manchego and gouda, grapes, and caramelized pears. also simple and tasty-Shrimp Canape: Grilled Shrimp, aged cheddar, applewodd-smoked bacon, and ancho chili aoili. Didn't look as appetizing as it actually was.Service was warm and attentive, atmosphere was nice, and the place was cute.  The one downside was that the quoted HH deals on drinks (we were told select wines and beers were 1/2 off) was incorrect.  The wines were actually 3 dollars off a glass; rather than paying 6 bucks for a 'meh' glass of syrah, it was actually 9 dollars.  The website lists the HH accurately, but the place should either put it on their menu in the place, or ensure the servers know the drill.I'd patronize this establishment often if we lived there.  We felt like regulars and saw how many people there actually were.  I love places like this!
Well, this place just didn't ring my bell at all.  I stopped in here today with Mike C., Arlin B., & Robyn N. for lunch, & ordered a Club Sandwich.  It was mostly all bread, with just a little bit of ham, bacon & turkey on it.  It cost $12.99 & was nowhere as good as the same sandwich at, say, Black Bear Diner.  I would have liked to have had a bowl of soup with it, but that would have been another $6.49, bringing it up to $19.48 for nothing but soup, a mediocre sandwich & some fries for lunch.  No thanks!     :-O
Claim Jumper continues to be my all-round favourite restaurant in the US. First time I ate at one in California I was blown away by the portion size (so big that they were serving apples on the plates) and also by the taste of the food. Their prime rib is absolutely delicious, and second favourite of mine is the rotisserie chicken - especially with their barbecue sauce. In fact, if you get any steak there, get that BBQ sauce and slather it on - it's wonderful.Varied menu, giant portions, reasonable price, consistently excellent service, giant tables available (they're usually spacious as hell inside), lunchtime portions, and the biggest desserts I've ever seen in my life. No exaggeration, the "I Declair" custard eclair is literally more than enough for four people and about the size of a loaf of bread. And the amount of drinks they have almost defies belief, although I'm not a mega-alcoholic I find myself continually shaking my head every time I look at their drink list.They do call-ahead seating as well. For most locations, including this one, it's probably a good idea to take advantage of that as Claim Jumpers are often packed on Fridays and Saturdays.Meal highlights: Prime Rib, Nachos (one serving is enough for FOUR people), Rotisserie Chicken and possibly the most delicious appetizer on the planet, Cheese Potatocakes.Really, this place just craps on everywhere else. If I was ever on death row, I'd have my last meal ordered from this restaurant hands down. I'd give them ten stars if I could.
Somewhere between A-OK and "Meh, I've experience better" lies Eastwind.  It's average fast-ish Japanese food that is ordered at the cash register and brought to your table.  The atmosphere is alright; more like a regular sit-down place than fast food (a plus).  The menu is pretty varied, with plenty of vegetarian options.  I ordered the Teriyaki Lite lunch combo, which consisted of a bowl of white meat teriyaki chicken over rice, an 8-piece California roll, and a side salad.  They let me have a seaweed salad with it instead of iceberg lettuce, which was nice.  Only $7.20 for all that food.  My co-workers' pad thai looked and smelled pretty good and they seemed to like it.I suppose Eastwind is a decent spot for an inexpensive lunch with co-workers.
I was disappointed with my visit this past Saturday. I'm generally a huge fan of Fox Restaurants, but this one fell short. We made a reservation for about 13 people and ended up waiting almost 30-45min past our scheduled reservation time to be seated. Once we were finally seated, then came the ordering. With me being on such a strict diet, I was a bit skeptical about finding anything on the menu. I ended up ordering the Blanco Chopped Salad. which on the menu is described as "Grilled Chicken, Seasonal Fruits, Pepitas (pumpkin seeds)" for $9. Sounds tastey right? Well before ordering it, I did ask the server if the 'salad' had lettuce in it, and he assured me it was lush mixed greens with mixed fruit, chicken, pepitas and a cilantro lime dressing. "Perfect!" Well that's not what I got.Apparently mixed seasonal fruits meant just apples and there was tomatos chopped up in it. Now understand, tomatos are considered a fruit, but when you read seasonal fruits, a tomato is the last thing on my mind. They were totally reaching there. And when I read fruits, I'm assuming more than 2. FAIL.Needless to say, I came in with no expecations and walked away completely disappointed. I usually try and make one more attempt to go back to make a confirmed judgement, but this first visit literally left a bad taste in my mouth. I won't be going back.
This is about the saddest little kiosk I've ever seen. Stranded in PHX, three hours on the way to Cabo, and four hours back, I had enough time to browse four gates of culinary options. Although there was one CPK ASAP that actually served pizza, there were a few that were downright pathetic, so small they only housed a fridge stocked with drinks and salad. Isn't serving pizza the whole point? Apparently not always.My girlfriend and I did have pizza at the CPKASAP that served pizza. There was a bit of a wait, the seating area was pretty dinky, and the pizza, aside from the BBQ chicken toppings, tasted to me just a half step up from Pizza Hut, which also infests this airport. Sure, beggars can't be choosers, and with limited options, CPK may be as good a bet as any. But it may do yourself some good to keep your expectations very, very low.
This is a tough one for me because it is already getting so popular.  Matt did a great job with this place.  It is a converted old (I'm guessing 30's) red brick home in downtown Phoenix.  The atmosphere is very warm, hip and comfortable but it can get a little cramped at times.  There is no jukebox but the music that fills the place is always solid with a good mix of some of the better trendy tunes from recent years.  I do like to partake in a finely crafted beer on occasion and they have a great selection of tap and bottled beer that you won't find at most places (try the Rogue Hazelnut Brown and their house beer made at Four Peaks Brewery).  Although I do enjoy wine as well I have not been able to pry myself away from the tap long enough to try any here.  That said I have noticed their selection looks well rounded and I have heard many good things about it.   The food menu is very simple but done very well.  Any place that serves a Dagwood is going to score points with me.  If I have to list any negatives it would be that the music can be a little loud at times and of course it can be a little cramped as well.  Overall I love this place and fear it becoming too popular but it is worth checking out.
We like to support locally owned businesses, but some local establishments make it so difficult for us to do so.My wife and I went for lunch and ordered a sandwich (Lucca: Herb roasted turkey) and a bruschetta plate (Burnt Mozzarella & Pesto: Wild Mushroom: & Caramelized Red Onion & Fig Tapenade). FYI, there is no table service so you have to order at the counter.  I will say that the staff was friendly, so that's the positive, though there should have been more staff working the counter because it got backed up. The sandwich tasted OK, but the presentation was unimaginative, the bread not fresh (so dry it was falling apart) and the portions smaller than similarly priced fare fare from other establishments we frequent.  Frankly, the best thing on our sandwich plate was the potato chips!The bruschetta was laughable! For 6.99 we received 3 SMALL slices of bread that were only partially covered with a visually unappetizing mix of toppings. The bread was not adequately toasted so each piece was somewhat soggy. In addition, none of the toppings were warm, even though the cheese on two pieces was melted and the third topped with what we would describe as a chunky mushroom paste (that was claimed as served hot)... which led us to believe these items are prepared in advance and not to order, hence the cool temp and soggy bread.Seriously! $6.99 for 3 small slices? Haven't the owners ever been to Postino to see what presentation, flavor and value are all about. Check the photo link in my profile and you'll find the one I posted of QCOM's sorry excuse for a bruschetta plate. And to all of you who will argue "but the Postino Bruschetta is 13.50"! Yes, it's nearly double the price, but at Postino you receive: A) 4 LARGE pieces of bruschetta, cut into thirds for 12 slices total, each slice about the size of one QCOM bruschetta; B) Easily triple the amount of toppings on each piece: C) something flavorful that you'll actually enjoy eating; D) A beautiful presentation; E) Table service from friendly, knowledgeable staff.Don't get me wrong. I think it's great that the Rea Family has brought a fine range of olive oils and related products to Arizona and we have used their oils in our home kitchen.Unfortunately, the del Piero eatery is operated more like a tourist destination where they figure it's a "one shot" opportunity to get maximum return for minimum investment from customers who probably won't be returning. Our suggestion, take the tour, buy some olive oil... then go somewhere else for lunch where they have taken the care to give you superior ingredients, prepared with skill, in sufficient quantity to justify the price and with friendly efficient service to boot.Oh yeah... as for the Gelato. Don't bother. Go to Frost at San Tan if you want a real, authentic, phenomenal Gelato experienceThis comment for the owners: While we were waiting for our lunch we went over to the wine tasting area. The young lady hosting the tasting was very pleasant and outgoing, but when we heard her say the Pinot Gris was made from white Pinot Noir grapes we, and the other couple tasting at the time, realized we wouldn't get an education with our tasting. To QCOM and all other establishments doing tastings... please, please, please don't have a wine novice doing the pouring.
What's great about Echo Coffee is it seems to be on the way to everything - to work, back home, to events. The convenient location and quick service means I can get in, get goodies and get out. When I do have the time to sit, the easy access to power and wifi makes for a great workspace.My must try list? Organic lemonade, mocha (great for those that don't like a strong taste of coffee, but love chocolate) and the chocolate-chip cookies.
Wow. I love a well-done happy hour and this steak house has it (pun intended). I had never even heard of this restaurant before some co-workers invited me out for post-office drinks on Friday afternoon. Our office in the "no man's land" of 48th St./Washington area, where the only restaurant within a mile has saguaro wearing a pair of sunglasses on its sign.So imagine my surprise when we pulled up to this Durant's-style retro-classy steak house. First of all, the door's are copper, a fact I find amazing due to my new-found love of this material in Arizona. I can't help it, it just always looks perfect out here. So we headed straight back to the bar area, through the dark wood with brass accents, dimly lit area of the restaurant. The bar is pretty big, several tables and seats along the bar itself - which is just incredible. A huge, ornate, wood carved saloon style behemoth (that puts Prescott Whiskey Row's The Palace to shame even!). In this magical place, Four Peaks 8th Street Ale was just $3. I will repeat that: Three Dollars. And they offered FREE happy hour snacks, and good ones at that. Sliders with condiments and chips and salsa. Just. Wow. The atmosphere and history makes it a perfect spot for out of towners, the happy hour deals make it great for an everyday pit stop after a crap day at work.
Despite knowing better.. I stopped by here for dessert last night. As long as your aware of what an oz looks like this is a heck of a deal.They have a huge selection of flavors and those horrible people make them all good. This was the worst part of this experience was having to make some type of sane decision as to which flavors to put in the cup.Things I tried:Dutch Chocolate: Way to rich for me. Chocolate lovers happy place I'm sure.Cheese Cake: Good.. but had a bit of a fake after taste.Double Cookies and Cream: Its like they figured out how to liquefy and freeze Oreo Cookies. Delicious.Pistachio: Again right on with the flavor. Says its made with real pistachio nuts and I believe it. Although I like "Gelato Spots" a little more.Toasted Coconut: Mmmmmmmm! Yeah again somehow figured out how to turn a fruit into a frozen treat.Peanut Butter: This was decent and said made with real peanut butter. I liked it but it almost tasted like over roasted peanuts. A little to deep and earthy.Their topping selection is HUGE. I liked the fact that many of the items were mini which meant you could get more in each bite for the same weight as the larger ones. They had mini Reeses Pieces which I had never seen before.I ended up getting 4 different flavors and about 4 toppings. It was more then I could finish and came to a total of $3.50 before tax. Considering what you pay at most ice cream places that's a bargain and I got EXACTLY what I wanted.At .30 an oz this is one of the cheapest of these self serve yogurt bars in town. From a health standpoint you'll totally regret going here.. but you'll be smiling the whole time.
I really like the atmosphere of the Vig Uptown,I just wish I could say the same for the food.   It's just not vegetarian friendly.  Yes, they have a greasy vegetable sandwich, and Yes, they can modify many menu items to be vegetarian, but a salad with no protein, is just not exciting.  It really frustrates me when restaurants say, "Well we can do this without the meat..." that may have been acceptable 15 years ago, but NOT when 10% of the US population follow a vegetarian diet!  We like to eat good food too!  Sorry for ranting, but for a new restaurant that portrays a Hip/modern image, they are not living up to it.  I've been to Vig Uptown several times because my BF likes it, but last night he said his potato pancake was not very good and the portion size of his carne continues to decrease every time he orders it.  I will say that the Vig has great sangria, tasty specialty drinks, and I've always had good service.  It's hard to say I won't be back, because that's probably not true... I can say I will not be back for the food!
So, I have had Mojo before and even reviewed one location.  I wanted to try and get my mojo back so I tried another Mojo location.  I'll give it another shot, I'll give Mojo another shot.I was nearing the end of my faux-date with Georgie S and things weren't going great, according to Georgie of course.  Isn't everything according to her?  I knew of only one place I would be able to turn things around.  Mojo Yogurt!  After a light rail ride to my car we drove to the Biltmore.  Now, I knew the concept and all so it wasn't anything new.  The only difference was they seemed to have more flavor choices at this location.  I mixed some cookie monster, cake batter, cookie dough bits, twix, kit-kat, and mini peanut butter cups.  To top it off I paid for Georgie's concoction as well.  I think she even muttered something about me being the best faux-date ever.  Sorry Nathan S :(When I sat down to dig into my creation I was extremely happy.  The bits of kit-kat were the best, with the caramel freezing just a bit to make it crunchy.  I am glad I gave Mojo another shot and will be back in the future fo sho.
The Sweetness is a new small ice cream shop located in the Fair Trade Cafe. It is a great little spot to grab some delicious ice cream. With amazing extended hours and service that puts Nordstrom's to shame- this is a win every time.I recommend getting the fresh waffle to accompany your ice cream. They are made to order, so have a little patience- as good things come to those who wait.I think the owner's name is Jesse, and he is a great guy. He is proud of his product, as he should be. I love that he makes great ice cream, but at the same time keeps it simple. You won't find a bunch of mixins, as this ice cream stands on its own.Keep up the good work, Sweetness!
I've tried several of the pasties here and they were all good. Quite pricey, though, and it takes a long time for the food to arrive, although that may be due to the nature of the food and the way it needs to be heated. Service is fine, and the space a bit cramped but not overly so.
For a while I saw this place being built and finally it opened.  I was excited to finally try it, but I went a while before I actually did.Im a huge fan of anything chicken and I guess I thought this was a wing place before seeing that it was literally all chicken fingers.  Ok, no problem.The food is good.. but nothing blew me away.  I ordered their 4 chicken finger meal, which I guess is very popular.  It came with a side of fries, a piece of garlic bread and some slaw.  My favorite coleslaw is still the one from KFC.  The bread was soft and tasty and the chicken was ok.  The sauce they gave you to dip it in helped.So it was good.  Would I go back? Sure, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
I love sushi, pure and simple. I did not love this place even though I love the concept. If you are a sushi fanatic and want fresh, melt in your mouth fish, this is not the place for you. I had three different sushi dishes - tuna, salmon, and whitefish - all the fish was dry and tasted the same. My husband picked up four different rolls - Hawaii, Dragon, Spider and Crunchy Spicy Tuna - with exception of the sauce, they too tasted the same. We thought the seaweed "nori" wrap was very "chewy" and tasted funny. The gyoza and the Inarizushi (stuffed tofu skin) were actually the best things we had. Service was friendly and efficient. I like how you know the price of the item by the color of the plate it is on.  It is kind of like a reverse cafeteria. Instead of going through the line, the line goes to you!  Among the typical offering like sushi and rolls, they also have desserts (tiramisu, cream puffs, cheesecake), jello and fruit salad.Think, and then think again, before you trek here. Weigh the choice . . . price vs. quality. The price was right, the quality wasn't.
We wanted to see what the hype was about this place, so my lady and I crawled out of bed at noon and came here for lunch. We came on a Saturday afternoon, there were a few people dining in. I had the carne asada burrito and my girl had the carne asada tacos. The food was tasty, and hot. I'm sure about how I feel about all they hoopla over this place. It was a decent place to grab a bite to eat. The Horchata was good, and they sell Mexican Coca-Cola. The price was all right, but you could definitely get carne asada at a Filibertos or any of the other 'Bertos for that matter that was just as tasty and for a few less dollars.*Update* I received an email from the proprietor of this Taco shop, he stated to me that "if you can not see the difference in quality from us and the other "Bertos", maybe this isn't the place for you"...I'm not sure why a restaurant owner would shoo away a guest, especially a guest who said the food was good, he was just not understanding of the hype. So if you're like me, and think Filibertos is good, keep going there, because obviously, the owner of this establishment doesn't need our business
I'm a Bay Area transplant and have been looking for good Pho. I researched Yelp for months reading 100's of reviews. My fav is bun bo hue. This was the best I have ever had! The broth was full of flavor and it was loaded. I don't think I'll be going anywhere else but here for pho. =)
Il Mio Dio.According to Babelfish, that's Italian for Oh My God.According to me, this is the Best Italian. I've had. In the US. Heck, even better than some Italian I've had in Italy. Do you really need me to carry on, especially considering all the reviews listed here? Pizza A Metro has to be doing something right.That something would include incorporating fresh ingredients (and dough tossed in front of you after you order a pizza or calzone), tasty arrangements (the calzone was magnificient), and very decent prices (lunch for two w/tip was under $30) into a tiny but efficient establishment. The only drawback is that my ass probably couldn't expand enough to accommodate the amount of food I want to eat from here. But Mio Dio, I will put it to the test.
Mariscos Sinaloa is awesome.  Their fish tacos and breaded shrimp tacos are amazing ($2.50 each)!  They consist of corn tortillas topped with deep-fried fish or shrimp that is so fresh and light (not heavy or greasy), cabbage, and pico de gallo.  They also have this wonderful orange colored, creamy chipotle-like sauce that is served in a squeeze bottle and is a must for the top of the tacos.  I also really liked their ceviche tostada (a great deal...huge and $3.99), which had a ton of flavor.  They also serve each beer with a frosted, salted mug...classy.  And, they serve margaritas (ok), and shots which look amazing.  My only suggestion is to stay away from the smoked marlin quesadilla, but I don't like smoky stuff, so that could be why it tasted like formadehyde to me (I feel the same way about smoked salmon...sorry).Anyway, check out this little place, because the food is fantastic!
America's Taco Shop was a complete disappointment.  We heard rave reviews and decided to try it.  The taco was skimpy and the meat was flavorless, $3 for Mexican coke is too much.  The menu was very small so that's ok if the items are really good but they weren't.  Very surprised this place has the good reviews it has.  I have had better tacos at places I would not ever return to.  I wished this place would improve because I want to continue supporting local businesses.  Service was OK.
Abridged: Just go. Every bad review you've read has been wrong.Unabridged:I was worried. Afraid. Scared of heading to Big Earl's after the reviews I read that it just wasn't up to par. I'm so glad didn't listen and went anyway.I guess I'm glad I walked in the side entrance because I didn't see the big display of tshirts Martin mentioned in his New Times review. Or they just aren't as out there. Or I was just really craving food. Either way, now that I'm thinking of Martin, I wonder if he knows he's on a big framed banned poster hanging up at Big Earl's.The place could benefit from some decor change, but I honestly think it's still that way for the mere fact that it's in old town. I bet those business buildings have HOAs. Tuscan/crap/southwestern style or die....But. I digress...Usually when I see lunch menu options at a BBQ place I tend to want to skip them b/c I think they're going to be ruined 'by the bun" and just a small icky amount of what I want to enjoy. Looking at the prices and sizes of the lunch and dinner menu though, I could tell Big Earl's was some serious shit. Serious. It was hard to make a choice. They have desserts with chocolate whip people... chocolate whip. I almost avoided real lunch food altogether. They have a leg of beast feast... folks.. if you got this for carry out, I'm not sure how it would fit in your car. But I can guarantee you'd eat it all. So what did I get?The Kentucky Mule is bourbon and ginger beer. And it was perfect. I was the only one in my group to ever have fried pickles before, and I was curious as to if they were as bad as mentioned before, so I ordered them. They were PERFECT. I have yet to see fried pickles done as well in this area as they are at Earl's. I have turned several people into fried pickle enthusiasts!!Then I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and mac & cheese. And I was full. This was the largest lunch I've ever seen. The bun at first looks like a cheap attempt at a bun, but it compliments the pork perfectly. Their sweet & spicy sauce is my favorite and the mac & cheese was to die for.As we finished, Tony, who cooks and created the sauces, came over to our table to give us a chance to let him know what he can fix. One of my table guests sarcastically complained about the mac & cheese he devoured. The result? We were brought out another side of deep fried mac & cheese. HOLY HELL!! This place is amazing. The food is stellar. Drinks are great. Prices are very reasonable for the quantity and quality and I would come back again in a heartbeat. Have I convinced a gaggle of you to come with for the leg of beast feast??? I don't want to eat it myself, but I have to admit, I'm hella curious.
Okay, so I've not been here for any other meal than brunch, because I am absolutely in love with the corn griddle pancakes with chicken.  My boyfriend always gets this too, so I've never tried anything else.  But it's awesome, matched with a mimosa, guaranteed the rest of your Sunday will be wonderful.
Took a cab in from the airport on a layover and was blown away. Service was impeccable, the lamb sliders were a work of art and the Fez burger, their signature, is as advertised - scrumdiddlyumptuous (is that how you spell it? Who cares I'm running with it).Also, they had a $3 pomegranate vodka cocktail special at lunch that is perfect for functional alcoholics like myself. Don't worry, kids -- I took a cab back.
We happened to stumble upon this place the other evening and decided to try it out.  Since I moved to the Valley, I have been attempting to find a place that has food that doesn't make me miss my Mom's cooking so much.  Unfortunately, this wasn't anywhere near it.  Our service was fine- nothing friendly, he just got us what we needed when we needed it in a very abrupt, awkward way.  Our water glasses were left empty too many times for my liking.I ordered the chicken tikka masala at a hot spiciness level.  The meal was alright.  There was no real flavor other than the hotness factor.  I was disappointed in this, naturally, as usually Indian dishes can offer both flavor and spice... not the case here.  I doubt I will ever return here, as the food really lacked the flavor that most people expect when enjoying Indian cuisine.
There is nothing like walking into El Pollo Loco and actually seeing the chickens grilling in back.  The smell hits you as soon as you walk in the place.  I guess it makes me feel good to see "fast food" actually taking its time cooking.I love the chicken bowls.  I always substitute the pinto beans for the BBQ black beans.  YUMMY!And, if you so desire, you can order tortillas on the side and they give you a choice of corn or flour.  Both are really good!  Chewy, stretchy and don't fall apart when you use them to eat.The restaurants are always clean and well-kept.  I've been to a few different locations.
It was 8:30 in the evening, we are driving to Phoenix from San Diego and we are worried we are not going to find a place open for dinner.  I consulted Yelp and found that India Garden was in between where we were and my sister's house.We arrived on NYE's eve and were promptly greeted.  The restaurant is large and only had two or three tables.  A buffet was ready to go but we decided we wanted to order from the menu.The Lamb Vindaloo (44) was very good as was the Naan bread.  However, two dishes really stood out.  First, the Bhindi Masala (85) Okra cooked with onions, tomatoes and spices.  Wow.  Really fresh and great flavor.  Next, we ordered the Chicken Achari (40) Chicken cooked in "exotic Indian pickle masala".  This was the surprise of the evening as the pickle flavor mixed well with the chicken and masala to make a very fresh and pleasant tasting dish.Finally, the service was spectacular.  At least three different people constantly (but not in a bad way) checked on us to make sure we were happy and had everything we needed.  Reasonable prices for bottles of wine that matched very well with the food makes for an experience that is as good as it gets.Thank you.
This place fails on so many levels. First off, $5 cash cover to get past the door only to find yourself wanting to bail in less than 60 seconds. The music was being played at a ridiculous level, tough to hear your self think let alone carry a conversation with members of your dinner party. The service was atrocious and our server wins thumbs down for being the worst in the 602. Our drink orders were delayed and staggered leaving some with empties for far too long and they ran out of Pacifico. Major fail! Our food was lackluster at best. We had the cheese crisp and Carne Asada tacos. The food was cheap and it was evident in the taste and presentation. Paper plates, Seriously?! Was this a restaurant/bar turn cheesy hip-hop club or vice versa. It's difficult to eat a meal and enjoy the company of friends with people crowding all around you. The place lacks flow and swagger in major way. Meh. I've experience better.
Wow. This place sucks.Honestly, don't waste your time. The food is overpriced. The service is awful. I hate the parking structure. It's just a mess. A hot mess.How are they staying open?My arnold palmer was $2.50. The tea was flavored and tasted really gross with lemonade.We split the house salad which was obviously the prepackaged spring mix from Costco (or Sysco -- whatevs) Then we split a medium pesto, tomato, and basil pizza. The tomatoes were not ripe, the sauce was bland, and the pesto was non existent. And then the 30 pine nuts that were smashed into the cheese were overkill.The crust was fair.The server took my plate before I was finished and then set it back down after she realized my fork was in my mouth.So for two teas, a house salad, and a medium pizza our tab was $22 ??? Costco Pizza would have been better.Bleh.
I will be honest, the first and second time I visited TMI I was extremely disappointed, mainly with the service.  My wife and I decided to give it another chance and we have since become fans.  They offer a good happy hour and the meals are enough to split between two people. I would definitely recommend the "Artichoke Heaven" or "TMI Toast" as a starter.  Any sandwich you pick should not disappoint, my favorite's are "The Sheridan" and the "RB & C."  I would recommend the greens as your side, the dressing is delicious.  My favorite is that I can take it back to the old school and order a Mickey's wide mouth hand grenade as a beverage.  There beer list is quite extensive and they have many local brews on tap, along with other fine beverages.Thank you TMI for turning my frown upside down.
I have been going to Switch pretty regularly for several years and always found it to provide good food, a nice atmosphere and a great value.  Tonight, however, I was severely disappointed.  I was quite hungry, having eaten very little during the day, so the choice for me was between two of their more substantial meals:  either the short ribs or the Amsterdam Pasta.  I had eaten both in the past and had favorable recollections of them.  When asked, the waitress, hands down, recommended the Amsterdam Pasta, so pasta it was.  What a mistake!When it arrived it was already cold around the edges--a sign that it had sat out for a while before the waitress got around to bringing it to my table (oh, did I mention the slow service?).  Instead of the creamy white wine sauce I was expecting, I got a watery, oily mess.  Pasta, vegatables and chicken literally swimming in a half inch of oil.  And the garlic was so strong you could ward off a whole room full of vampires!  On top of that, nearly all the asparagus spears were the tough bottom halves that should have been cut off and thrown in the garbage.  Nothing is more disgusting than having to pull food out of your mouth and pile off to the side because it cannot be chewed.  There were about 8-10 piled up by the end of my meal.Had I not been so famished and pressed for time, I would have sent it back.  But that would have meant trying to catch the attention of my missing-in-action waitress.  I had already waited over half an hour after ordering and was unprepared to wait another similar lenght of time.  The pasta was edible and the chicken was edible, but the asparagus was put into a half-chewed pile while the remaining vegetables were left to float in the greasy pond at the bottom of the dish.When my waitress finally came back around near the end of my meal, and I expressed my disappointment, her response was pretty much, "oh that's too bad; did you leave room for dessert?"So, let's do a tally here:  bad food, mediocre service and lousy attitude.  0 for 3.Given my previous, good experiences at Switch, I am willing to give it another chance.  But I fear that, after a successful run, my experience tonight may be a sign that the place has started its decline.  I will be seeking out alternatives.
This place kicks major boody!Its new, its huge, its very well stocked, there are various free tastings all the times. We were the Sunday and they had Italian wine tasting. With real Wine Master present, never the less. I tasted and tasted and tasted some more LOL Probably tasted 1 1/2 glass worth of different Italian wines. Of course, i bought a bottle too - can not just taste and buy nothing. Their prices are somewhat on the higher end of the spectrum, not as high as AJ's of course. But produce seems to be fresh and variety is nice. That theme pretty much goes through entire store. If i lived really near by i would have gone in there way more often, but for 20 min drive i do not go there too much. All in all, it is great to have such store in the vicinity."I like"
This newest Five Guys opened up the street from my house about three months ago & I finally got around to giving it a try tonight.  I ordered their regular burger with raw onion, pickle, tomato, ketchup, mustard, green peppers, Jalepeo peppers & mushrooms.My order was ready in a short little while, served up by the very friendly staff in a bright, clean, comfortable atmosphere, with cool oldies playing & free peanuts on the side.YUM, YUM, YUM!!  IT WAS AN EASY 5 STARS FOR THIS BIG, AWESOME BURGER priced at $5.59.     :-))
An interesting, almost unique experience, dinner at Cafe Monarch is much like that in a small Spanish or Mediterranean cafe.  There are 17 seats, one chef, one waiter, and a fixed menu (you get your choice of three entrees however).  If you have special dietary requirements, tell the chef when you make your absolutely necessary reservations a month in advance.  The experience earns the four stars, but the food is not good enough to propel Cafe Monarch beyond that.  Not that it's bad -- but there are too many rough edges and not quites, such as the superfluous undercooked potatoes in the London Broil salad.  Service is slow -- three courses in two hours -- but you won't mind since you can watch the chef cooking from most tables and it is an exceptionally comfortable place to eat.  Definitely bring your own wine, expect to experience new tastes, ignore the minor eccentricities, and you will be glad you came.
this coffee is so good that you probably shouldn't ever go here. "but why," you ask. "that makes no sense," you proclaim. listen, if everyone starts going here and then i have to wait in a line next time i stop by i'm going to be a little disgruntled. the last time i was here it was totally low key and peaceful and i got to enjoy my coffee and small talk with the owner without being rushed. what a gem.. especially for me coming from los angeles. so please.. stay away from Cartel. for me.
This was a tough review for me.  I wanted to give them higher marks, really I did.I went in with low expectations.  I've had Jewish food on the east coast, OK?  Things were looking good right off the bat.  We were seated and water and a tray of pickles appeared as our tushes hit the cushions.  My lovely wife picked up a pickle, crunched off a bite, gave a surprised expression and said, "Not bad.  I'll be the Jew-judge."  She is Jewish, after all.  Fair enough.  I thought the pickle was pretty good, comparable to some I've had on the east coast.That's where things started to go awry.  It took between 5-10 minutes before anyone came over to get a drink order.  We ordered several items to share.  My wife and I shared a corned beef sandwich and fries with gravy.  The kids shared matzo ball soup, blintzes and a latka.  I ordered coffee.The soup came first and it was very good and authentic.  Coffee?  "Oh, right."  My water has been sitting empty for a bit.  The rest of the food arrived pretty quickly, and my coffee arrived.  Water?  "Oh, right."The blintzes were very good, especially the cheese.  The corned beef was good, it passed muster as authentic.  Fries?  Good.  Brown gravy?  Fine, but it had an odd flavor.  Latka?  Very good.  Water?  "Oh, right.""Can I get a refill on the coffee?"  "Oh, right."The prices are high.  The sandwiches are available whole or 1/2.  $13.xx for a whole corned beef is a bit high, but it is big enough to share so that's a plus.  One sandwich and one order of fries was enough for 2 adults.   The fries were $4.xx  Coffee?  "Oh, right."  I don't appreciate having to ask for every refill 3 times.  I would probably write it off to just one server having an off day or something. In summary:  Good kosher-style food, a bit pricey.  It will hit the spot when I'm craving a corned beef sandwich.  The service was spotty.  So what may have been a 4 star review has been knocked all the way down to 3 stars.  Coffee?
Alright, let me start this off by saying that I had a hard time deciding if I wanted to rate this place 3 or 4 stars.  My initial reaction was a 4, but there are a few things that really bug me here, so I really would say it's more of a 3.5The first negative is parking.  The lot behind the restaurant is ALWAYS full, and good luck finding a close spot on the street.  There's an apartment complex across the street that people try to park in, but you're really taking your chances; I've seen cars towed from the lot.  Next, this place is always so busy.  Recently if I drive by and see it's totally crammed, I just keep on driving.  It's not worth the hassle. Food here is hit or miss for me.  There are certain menu items (appetizers, burgers, daily specials) that are great, and there are others (fish & chips and the pizza) that are just not good in my opinion.  My best advise is find a few dishes you do like, and stick with those:)  The beers here are good, but not phenomenal; it would be nice to see 4 Peaks expand as a brewery with new beers.  The Pumpkin porter here is just so damn good though.  Honestly!  People wait year round, anticipating this beer.The patio here is superb; a great place to spend time people watching and enjoying the weather.  I tend to shy away from here during the summer since the building is open and only has a swamp cooler.  You're either melting on the patio or full of sweat inside.  Gross.All complaints aside, I love this place.  The atmosphere here is laid back and friendly.  Service is always great and food comes out very speedy.  I definitely recommend coming here with friends
Wow, what a relief.  I am so glad to see an average Yelp rating of 3 stars.  I was worried that I was crazy because when I arrived, I read multiple "Best of..." awards (you know the ones), but by the time the meal was over, I was thinking, "Best of what!?"  I am so glad my fellow Yelpers agreed with me: this place has great atmosphere, but the food is average at best.To their credit, I walked through an incredibly great patio, perfect for Arizona winters, on my way to the main entrance.  But it reminds me of Tortilla Factory in Scottsdale.  You don't go for the food.  You go for the patio.
This isn't *just* a lunch review. I say that so you'll understand that Cowboy Ciao is also a great option for mid-day dining. Of course I want to go back for dinner and check out that menu, but all in good time...For lunch, my hungry co-workers and I decided Cowboy Ciao was a fantastic Plan B (After Geisha so rudely dismissed us). Some of us were concerned about the price, but I figured I'd enjoy my lunch, no matter the cost, since it wasn't everyday that I get to dine at such well-received places. I ordered the Buffalo Carpaccio. It was on their "light" menu, with plates to share or options that won't leave you feeling overly stuffed. It was actually quite filling, with thin slices of seared buffalo, generous portions of goat cheese, a small green salad with beets and dried pieces of garlic bread (think upscale croutons). I loved everything but the dried bread. Oh well. It was soooo good, especially when combining the buffalo, goat cheese and green in a fork-full bite of pure enjoyment. My friend got the famous (or infamous) Stetson Chopped Salad. Imagine my surprise when it was smoked salmon as the main meat - not beef, as I expected. Then again, when I think cowboy + stetson, I think beef. Wouldn't you? Turns out the salad isn't named in the cowboy theme (which is tastefully displayed in the decor) but for the name of the street. Ah-ha! Clever, Cowboy Ciao. You got me there. Anyhow, the salad, though small for a hungry luncher, was beautiful presented - all ingredients lined up in rows, then "chopped" right before your eyes! My co-worker was a bit disapponted in the size of the salad for $12. It's definitely not something you should order if you're really hungry!My other co-worker ordered the daily special - an ENORMOUS sandwich that consisted of bacon, avocado, tomatoes, rooster (i forget the "special culinary name" for this) and toasted ciabatta bread. It was HUGE. Definitely a bargain for $10. I heard it was damn good, too. I also had a cup of their coffee. Yum. With fresh cream. I noticed it was a $3.00 cup, though. Dang. Next time I will accept the offer for a re-fill! Soooo... what's the verdict? Cowboy Ciao gets my seal of approval. It's a great place for lunch, especially if you decide to split a couple "light" plates. You may even opt for desert. How can you miss the delectable temptations, when they're the first thing on the menu you see? Cowboy Ciao, I'm on to you. You want me to be one of the many customers leaving behind witty remarks, don't you? You want me doing back-flips like an Olympic gymnast on my way out the door? Well, like I said, I'm on to you. But don't worry. It's a good thing. You definitely won me over, especially since, with tip, I was able to have a wonderful, satisfying lunch here for $20. Oh yeah, and Sean, our server, was A+. Can't wait to go back for dinner...
Okay...my past experiences with Farmer's Market completely overshadows my opinion about the downtown Phoenix Public Market.  The context; I used to work at an organic orchard in the central valley of CA that sold 43 varieties of peaches and grew acres of fresh basil, oregano, thyme, rosemary.  After the orchard, I moved to the Bay Area where there is a farmer's market everyday.I am giving the Phoenix Public market a harsh two stars for all the reasons given by previous yelpers.  Yeah...the items are expensive even after chipping in for the organic, local, small business factors.  The quality is not consistent.  I bought two heads of garlic, half of one was dried out and unusable, the other, sprouting...the same goes for the onions.  I liked the scone that I bought from the bakery stand.  the scone had a sandy texture and was moist and fresh.I haven't been back in a while and will probably give it another or several chances...the only way it will get better is to support it and encourage it...My rec is to go early on SAT, have a scone and coffee and people watch in between reading articles from your favorite weekend paper.
I've seen Lola Coffee appear recently on one of my favorite blocks in downtown Phoenix. The day I finally set foot in there I was pleasantly surprised and am happy to say Lola Coffee was beyond what I expected, and I was expecting it to be fabulous ;) The parking is easy to get in and out of, plus plus! There are two entry ways, one in the front and one in the back. The decor/ambiance of the coffee shop is awesomeness. It is a cluster of rustic, vintage and post modern. The people inside seemed like nice/interesting people reading their morning paper rituals over coffee. The shop is very clean, organized and "pretty". The barista and cashier were both very friendly and welcoming. Oh how I love when people making coffee have some extra enthusiasm that rubs off on me and sparks up a positive day for me :) The coffee was FRESH. The power of fresh coffee is beyond words :) They have all the essentials to making your own coffee to your preferences. They also have some not-so-ordinary pastries on display that look delicious. Overall, I am giving Lola Coffee five stars. I loved the location, the inner setting and the people that work there. Great service and a great commodity! Five stars for this Cenpho coffee house :)
Had a rare day off during the week and wanted some good Chinee food to make up for yesterdays horrible lunch experience.Went to the China Buffet on Lower Buckeye Road, out of the way for me, but what the heck?  Never a big fan of that area, but it looks much improved with legions of new housing out that way. Agree with Cher and Daniel by the way on this one.Arrived promptly at noon, all experienced buffeters know that you need to go early if you want it fresh.And fresh it was, very competent selection.  Standard but fresh dishes like Orange chicken, BBQ pork, won tons, 3 different soups, egg fried rice, chow noodles, and some nice looking sushi rolls, never tried the sushi but I looked decent.Very clean, not too busy, and fast prompt service.  Also, they had Asian style music in the background, very nice, better than (inappropriate for the style of food-see one of Rand's review) Latin music or a blaring awful TV like some other buffet places.Cost: Lunch, soda, tip = $10.66, very reasonable for lunch.Will definitely go back if in that side of town again.
Good grief.  Good, wonderful, awesome grief.I've been to the El Rancho on 19th in Phoenix.  I was all smiles then.  Even more-so here.Screw the groceries.  Head to the left towards that smell of stewed meats, seafood salads, sweet stuff, and salsas.  That is where 'its' at, whatever 'it' may be for you.My second time at this location, and...I still wasn't able to magically learn Spanish upon entering the place, like it seems like I would be able to.  So trying to find out what a specific meat in a specific sauce actually is, that's kind of an adventure in its own.  I go there mainly for what I FINALLY found out is cueritos, but I STILL don't know what to put it in or how to serve it.  So I just grab a fistful of it out of the bag and down it.  Works for me.Ceviche was new to me until I was given a sample by the nice lady who noticed me staring at it (first visit)...second visit I went to purchase two pounds for our work potluck.  Both first visit lady and second visit lady were helpful and friendly...only second visit lady spoke English regularly.  I felt like taking her around the store with me to answer me every time I said "What IS that?"The reviews show that people really like the place, but they love the atmosphere...  Is it just that its different?  So...why don't we embrace PEOPLE that are different in the same way we embrace a friggin GROCERY STORE that is different?  Coming here makes me want to get to know more about this different culture...the people, the food, and the food again.  You don't really want to leave.So what if you can't speak Spanish, like the other folks here say, just point and nod.  Start at the first tray in the long cases of food and try a different one each visit.  Why not?  Everything is priced for those who got pocket change.  To heck with Taco Bell...I can get a whole package of tostada shells, the meat, and some salsa for less than a doggoned 'Bel Grande' combo.  Also, when I look over yonder to parts of the store yet explored (can't get out of that food section), I see the freshest looking meats I've ever seen in any store's meat section.  I can see how red and fresh the meats are from across the store.  That brings me to the pride you'll find here.  Pride in preparation.  Pride in what they put on their shelves.  Pride in presentation.  Pride in their store.  So go.  Just go.
When I finally thought I had finished writing all of my Phoenix reviews, a notebook of even more "To Reviews" with dining notes resurfaces...needless to say, I think my Phoenix years went under-Yelped. Kincaid's is a surf and turf joint near Chase Field and America West Arena. I believe it's part of a large chain of restaurants of the better-than-Red-Lobster-but-not-by-much white tablecloth variety, and while the service was quick and friendly, the food was pretty bland. I do remember them having a decent selection of food for Happy Hour, but their wine list was nothing special and in the end, we ended up eating again an hour or two later. Not the best place to take vegetarians, but for those looking for a not-too-expensive (but not too great) steak before a game, I guess this is a place you could go. I, however, would recommend Durant's up central. Classic, local, and just off the light rail. :)
So of course i saw the Man V Food episode last night about the Del Ray Torta. Thought is looked amazing. So for lunch i went and tried their food. It was definetely difficult to choose what i wanted. So many things looked good. I chose the Arizona Torta. One word: Awesome! It was hot, delicious, and tasty... Oh and i got the traditional Coke in a bottle! Will be back.. maybe for dinner tonight!
Never disappointing!I've been getting breakfast and snacks here almost 85% of this past month. My coworkers introduce me to this spot on day one of my new job. It seems I've become quite the regular as the very wonderful staff remembers me and treats me just as nice every time I come in. The breakfast burritos are to die for and man that salsa has kick! They keep me going on days when I'm pushed to a late lunch due to a pile of work that unexpectedly jumps up in my face.Plus, I don't have to cross any major intersections to get to it. Nor do I have to walk that far. Always a plus in my book! Ladybug Cafe with your cute lil' ladybug decor, I will continue to frequent you as long as I'm employed within the area! :)
Met some colleagues for drinks here the other night.  We were having a good time, then all of a sudden at 8:45 pm our server comes over to tell us that it was last call.....what?!  Yep, last call because they close at 9 pm.......you gotta be kidding me?!  What is this?!Oh well, we paid and we left.Return Factor - 10%
Solid 4 star mexican food at very reasonable prices.the ladies at the counter are always friendly and help you decide what delicacy will tempt you!the food is not too spicy here and always served piping hot!
If you are on a diet, don't come here. It's too tempting! My friend and I had our last meal in Phoenix here, and we shared a chocolate and butter fry bread. It was fantastic! So gooey, but the chocolate was delicious!There are a ton of other options, ranging from savory to sweet. I went during lunch, so a lot of people were getting fry bread with beans and meats.  Prices are very reasonable, but be prepared to wait if the line is out the door. Seating is very limited, so if you have a big party you'll have to keep that in mind.  Based on the one meal I had, it was great. I would have liked to try the other ones, but I was too full (and feeling way too guilty!)BTW- They are closed Sundays.
I am completely blown away by all the less then 4 star reviews! I have been going to Lo Cascio's for a good 10-12 years and I have never once had a bad experience here. EVER.Yes the decor is out dated, but really does that effect your eating experience that much? Me thinks not. And I honestly love the "kitschy" music piped through....since when was Sinatra kitschy? The hubs, a friend and I all went this past Saturday night. We got there about 7:30 and the parking lot was PACKED! When we got inside we were asked if we had reservations, we told them no and they sid it would be a few minutes. No big deal. We waited maybe 5 minutes. Our waitress was sooo friendly and helpful. We all had questions and were going back and forth on what to get. The fresh bread loafs are always a favorite. The soups always change and are terrific.For starters we got the Mozzarella Marinara and the Calamari Fritto. The mozzarella is a MUST! Seriously it will change the way you view fried mozzarella for the rest of your life. I promise. I ordered the Gnocchi with pink sauce. OH MY! The gnocchi is made fresh in house and you can tell! Little pillows of heaven! The pink sauce was top notch.Hubs had the veal, and ate every last bit. He said it was amazing. I would not know as I passed on trying it. Our friend got the Fantasy Chicken (I think that was the name) It was sooo light and totally outstanding! We also all got cannolis and coffees at the end, great way to cap off a tasty meal. So for 3 meals, 2 apps, 3 desserts, 3 coffees and I think 5 glasses of wine hit the table our total bill was only $168. I honestly thought it was going to be well above $200 the way we got down on that dinner. This is one of my all time fav italian places to hit up. And love supporting mom and pop places.
Since I'm a glutton for punishment, I've read both of Ayn Rand's popular Objectivist novels. There are scenes from both The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged that remind me of the atmosphere at MercBar, and I really love pretending like I am a character in the books. I take nerd to the next level, obviously. The ambiance is timeless with the low couches, leather chairs, dark wood paneling, and super dim lighting. There are candles everywhere, and most of the customers come dressed very nicely. The drinks are fantastic! The bartender, Brent, makes the best drinks: take advantage of it if you are able to snag a drink from him. The waitresses are all very nice and will walk you through their signature cocktails if you so desire. I just tried the cheese and fruit plate, and I think it is the perfect pairing for any of the drinks on the menu. It provides a little something for your stomach while you throw all those drinks back. This is really the perfect place for a date or a group of friends. The atmosphere is very intimate, but the music lends itself to a fun environment as well.
I definitely enjoyed Lo-Lo's, but I don't know if part of it wasn't just because of the novelty, and how much I wanted to like it. We went on a Sunday after church, and it was PACKED. We had a very long wait (which told us it must be pretty good!), but the kind people of Lo-Lo's were kind enough to provide us with a shade structure and mister-fan to combat some of that infamous Phoenix heat. They even had a water cooler with cold water for us to enjoy while we waited, so that we would not swoon from heat exhaustion.The food was tasty, that's for sure. I ordered one piece of chicken breast and one waffle. Both items were DELICIOUS! Thank goodness Lo-Lo's knows how to make their namesake dishes, and make them well! I felt like my meal cost a little more than I would have hoped, for just a piece of chicken and a waffle. It's worth going there, though, for the experience.
I'm convinced that the people who work at In-N-Out are either robots or being force fed antidepressants. They're the happiest food service people I have ever met - EVER! I love the fact that In-N-Out's menu is so simple. I don't have to decide between 87 combo meals, or what sides I want. I get a choice of 4 burgers and fries, and that's that. I got the protein style burger to work around my gluten free diet, and the lettuce was fresh, burger  tasty, and did I mention that the service was SUPER FRIENDLY! !
*burp*  Cripes, this was some good food!  Pleasantly full, not like Thanksgiving.  I just HAD to have the #28 noodles.  Rice noodles, with mock pork, and egg roll on top, bean sprouts, lettuce, cucumbers and peanuts.  The bowl was HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!I went with Robert M. and Bacon and they had gotten there before me and had a couple appetizers ordered already.  Two different kinds of spring rolls: shrimp and pork.  This is a vegetarian restaurant, so all the meat was "mock."  Each order had two huge rolls, enough food for the three of us to split.The boys got the #41 - soy chicken speared with lemongrass and a tofu dish.  Everything was delicious!Then, the boba.  I've been a fan of boba forever and am soooooo glad there's a place in CenPho that has it!  Robert and I got the taro and coconut smoothies, with boba.  Bacon had the Chai with boba.  We also got to taste the avocado.  Soooooooo good, I will dream of it more than my last date.  That wasn't even worthy of a nightmare, it was so uneventful.The owner was awesome and took his time to answer questions and explain the dishes and how to eat them.  Did you know that the Buddhist monks do not eat garlic or onions?  It's because they make you horny, and that's not good for monks.  Maybe I should cut those out of my diet, too.Boba.  The drink you can eat!
100th review! I was hoping that for this milestone, I'd be reviewing something either spectacular or horrific. Well, Coyoacan is neither. It's right at the middle. It has some great stuff going for it, but it also has some improvements to make if it's going to rise in the star ratings and most importantly, convince people from other parts of the area to make the drive to South Phoenix. Coyoacan is located on Central, at the base of South Mountain and right between Spokes (now closed) and the famed Los Dos Molinos. The exterior is a dark and not particularly welcoming color and the neon painted words on the windows announcing the happy hour specials make the restaurant appear to be less formal than it actually is inside. When you go inside, the restaurant is surprisingly beautiful - the bar is long and curved, made out of a beautiful granite, and there are Brazilian art and artifacts and flowers placed throughout the room. The grill is just past the bar, so you can catch a glimpse of the chefs preparing the food. Coyoacan definitely gets credit for creating a romantic and interesting atmosphere. The first time I went here was with my dad, who was visiting from out of town. We had a lot to catch up on, and I specifically chose Coyoacan because I had heard that it was an upscale Brazilian steakhouse, and I assumed that it would be quieter/conducive to conversation. Instead, there was a band playing the loudest, most unpleasant Brazilian music. We had to shout to hear each other. The service was also disastrous. We ordered a salad that didn't come for 30 minutes, even though we were only one of 10-15 customers.  When the salad came, it was prepared differently than we had requested. Our server seemed more interesting in chatting with her friends or relatives at this one table than taking care of us. After finishing the salad, we waited for 20 minutes with no sign of our entrees. When we asked our server, she got snappy and insisted that "Good food takes time," a principle we wholeheartedly agreed with but weren't willing to accept with how hungry we were and how much our voices hurt from yelling. We ended up asking for the food to go and taking it home (where we could eat in peace and quiet). The steak we ordered was decent although not spectactular, but the grilled veggies and corn masa sides were delicious. All in all, not a great experience.Last week, my husband and I decided to give Coyocan another chance. We went during happy hour and sat at the bar. There was no band playing (although they were setting up). The bartender was really helpful and gave us great service. We ordered the house margaritas, which were 1/2 off for happy hour. They were really good - the mix was citrusy but not too sweet, they were appropriately strong, and the flavor went really well with the chips and salsa (which were also pretty good). We did notice that the manager/owner was sitting at the bar chatting with a bunch of friends and wasn't walking around interacting with customers. For our appetizer, we selected the beef taquitos. On the plus side, the portion was huge (five huge taquitos) and they were perfectly crispy without being too oily. The beef was a little dry, though. Our entrees came out promptly this time but they were a little disappointing given the price we paid. My husband got a slow-cooked pork ($17) and I got the prawns with plaintains and peppers ($26). Even though the pork was tender, the sauce was over-seasoned and practically drowned out the meat's flavor. My dish was not great - the plaintains were under-cooked, the prawns tasted really fishy, and the sauce was bland. For $26, I could get a really stellar entree elsewhere, so needless to say, I was disappointed. The beans and rice that came with the entree were decent, though. Coyoacan is a hard place to figure out - Is it a sophisticated steakhouse or a nightclub? Is it a steakhouse (as it labels itself) or simply a restaurant that serves Brazilian food (and three steaks)? Is the service only good at the bar, or was our experience an anomaly? Is it a place that's welcoming to guests of all types or just people who know the owners or employees? I think that the restaurant owners need to sort through some of these questions and establish a more concrete identity for the establishment. They also need to improve some of their dishes, especially the ones that are so pricey. I will definitely go back for the margaritas during happy hour, pre-band hours, but I probably won't spring for the food again.
I was craving breakfast, we were outta eggs, and I've heard some good things about this place, so here goes:It's strange that a place this good is in such a weird area (I actually had to map it; it's almost a blink-and-you'll-miss-it kinda place). It's like their real estate agent played a trick on them or something. I'm forever grateful for amazing little spots like this living in the meth-y part of Deer Valley as I do. Having only been here on the weekend so far maybe I'm wrong, but it wasn't too busy and that's a shame since their product is so good.These are some TASTY bagels! Crisp out the outside (especially crispy after toasting) and soft and chewy inside, really perfect all around. I ordered an Everything Bagel with egg and bacon and it really did me in, all lip-smackin' and teeth pickin'. I see that some other reviewers are fond of buying a dozen or so and stocking up their freezers, which is an excellent idea. I also ordered a coffee and it was FREE because it was before 11am and I was buying a sandwich. Awesome deal!I would dish out 5 stars if they had a full-on barista instead of the Farmer Bros. pump action coffee, but hey, nobody's perfect.
I stumbled across this place by accident with a co worker of mine. I noticed it had a fifties vibe but was names flaming kabob. I had to try it. I am a sucker for Arabic food. I was married to an Arab so I know great Arabic food. I actually love to find little holes in the wall like this and be pleasantly surprised. The service is nothing to write home about, but it wasn't bad. The prices were good. I ordered a shawarma sandwich and thought it was wonderful. I don't think I have had it that good in Phoenix yet. Maybe a fluke? Don't know, only been once so far. Some of the reviews below crack me up. Someone said the hummus needed spice? Um sorry, but hummus does not have spice it!! It's chickpeas, tahini, fresh garlic, salt, olive oil and lemon. I loved what I ate and if I am ever in the area again would definitely eat here.
We wanted to love this place because it is close to home...unfortunately it just isn't great. We kept going back hoping the food would get better. It just didn't improve- the food is mediocre and bland...definitely over priced for what you're getting. Sorry BLD! We wanted to like it!
As stated below, the food at Spotted Donkey is amazing. The help is friendly, but unobtrusive. I ordered the Chicken Burritos, and the waitress asked if I'd like to try one chicken and one beef instead. I accepted and it was amazing. Had a chocolate cake/hot fudge desert which was incredible too.
When I first came here I thought the food was really good. Then it got worse everytime I came there.The rolls kept coming out soggy and cold and these were the tempura ones. When I asked them why the fried roll was ice cold, he said " it must have come out of the fridge last" WTFWhy would it be in the fridge? I kept asking him and he looked at me like I was an alien. It was the opposite of fresh. You dont fry stuff then put it in a fridge, needless to say my girlfriend and I were lucky we have two bathrooms at our house.
To parapphrase the newspaper review that proudly stands on the counter of this quaint restaurant, "Don't come here, because if you to start coming regularly, this place is small enough where there won't be enough room for me."Delicious!The food is great, the prices even better.  3 Large Empanadas for $5.95?  It can't be beat.The Ecuadorian Ceviche is a wonderful dish to order and share.  It comes in a large heavy glass goblet, almost theatrical, but if you want to impress some people, this is definitely fun to order.
I am not really a big fan of pizza, even less so of mediocre ones. Right now my stomach is unhappy with me over my impulse choice for lunch.  The peperoni pizza I got was lukewarm, greasy and chewy.  Flavor wasn't too bad.There is no inside seating, the one time one of my employees went over to get lunch for the crew she had to wait outside.  So it is take out or delivery only.  They (crew) did say they thought the subs were better than the pizza and both of them like pizza.So how did I end up consuming a 12" pizza for lunch?  Every so often in the late morning one of their drivers comes through the complex offering pizzas for $6.00 (used to be $5).  That really is a pretty good price for a delivered one topping pizza.  Selling door to door like that I didn't even think about a tip and after eating the pizza I didn't feel bad about it.  You do have to admit it is a pretty good marketing scheme to hit up industrial areas just before lunch.  I think he only starts with 10-12 pies so they cannot get too cold before he is done.  I usually pass and will for quite a while yet now.
Let's play a little word association. I'm going to mention two words to you and you gage your reaction.Chicken and waffles.Was your reaction "ew?" If so, go ahead and skip this review and go wait for a table at Chili's because Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles is not for you.If your reaction was "Oh HELLLL Yeah!" then head on over the South Phoenix for some of the best soul food Phoenix has to offer. Definitely not health conscious food, but if you are gonna cheat on your diet, Lo-Lo's would be the place to do it. The fried chicken is crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. The sides are tasty and plentiful. The waffles are out of this world. By far the best waffles I've ever had. The red velvet cake is dense and moist.
This place has the MOST comfortable comfort food I have ever tried.... My night ended in a food coma. So there.We walked in and were seated right away. I love the feel of this place. Warm, welcome, quirky, and just the kind of place I really enjoy. I notice a few large windows near a sofa. Sparce soft lighting. Different wooden tables. A strip of wood panels on the ceiling. Plenty of bar seating.  Art on the walls. What more can a girl like me ask for?Food, that's what. Oh and a beverage!David approached our table to tell us about the drink specials and then gave us a few minutes to decide. We decided on a couple dark and stormies.... Best I've ever had. Really.We placed our order for food and just to have it come out as it was ready. First came the cheese curds. My favorite bar food. Lightly beer battered, seasoned to perfection and delicious!  Next came the mac and cheese. Saucy, creamy, rich and well seasoned. Covered in proscutto, bread crumbs, and lobstah! I have a weakness for really good mac and cheese. This one is way, way up there. Then our chicken and waffles came out! Three crispy pieces of fried chicken perfectly scortched and well seasoned greenbeans and a huge sweet, flaky waffle smothered in butter. Finally it was desert time. David told us that the deserts change every few weeks and named what was available. We chose the Brazilian banana bread pudding. This desert was perfect. My friend and I shared these plates. Don't try to conquer all of them on your own. You will really end up in a real food coma. So. Much. Good. Food. I might still be in said food coma...Xx,Reesie
My first review on yelp is Lola's in Phoenix (another favorite) and it is certainly not to be mistaken for Lo-lo's. This soul food joint is one of the best in the country - it has a proper back-kitchen, cafeteria feel to it, friendly service and hands down the best waffles and chicken anywhere. There is something uniquely cinnamonny in the syrup that makes the perfect topper to their waffle; the chicken is deep fried, the grits waiting to swim in butter, the lemonade cool and sweet on a hot Phoenix day. Your doctor may not like you going here, but your stomach certainly will.Find an odd hour to go; Sunday mornings are always particularly packed with the post-church crowd and it's harder than usual to find a seat. Chicken and waffles are good any time of the day.And a last note - get a t-shirt, wear it around and see just how unusual the idea of chicken and waffles is to the non soul food loving masses.
In an unlucky turn of events, I ended up having a grand experience with my new favorite, Grimaldi's. More of my reviews lately have began with me aimed for one place and ending up at another, and I'll start with "this one isn't any different." Maybe it's a trend, maybe it's indecisive decision making, or maybe it's just plain old coincidence. Mostly because I don't believe in fate; I'll go with coincidence, but for those of you who mystify the universe in a shroud of hocus pocus, wizardry, and magic then feel free to call it fate.While I make the claim of "My New Favorite" I'm not really comparing it to much outside of oreganos, humble pie, upper crust, and streets of new york. I've yet to visit bianco, cibo, and plenty other wild-west, pizza slingers round these parts.Earlier this week I planed my birthday lunch at Cibo in Downtown PHX. A calorie and carb packed, delicious birthday meal. Much to my dismay, a quick pre-lunch look at the Cibo menu (on their website), seemed to be lacking a certain sauce and cheese covered, carbo loaded delight. After a call in confirming this fear, a fast yelping finger pointed me to Grimaldi's in Scottsdale. It didn't hurt that they had also sent me a voucher for free birthday pizza; I guess my wife signed me up for their email list. :-)On Sunday afternoon; even though they were busily serving plenty of customers, there was no wait. I placed an order with the server for a manhattan while I checked out their menu. Regretfully I had to send my drink back, it tasted more like straight whiskey, and bottom shelf at that. I decided to go with the house red wine in stead; which was decent and chilled, a bit odd for a red, but it worked out well.We dined on a large meatball, ricotta pizza and a large mediterranean salad. The salad was huge, big enough for 3 people to share, and each end up with 2 portions. The pizza came out with a perfectly crisped crust, evenly distributed slices or meatball and ricotta, and was delicious!We finished off our meal sharing a blueberry cheese cake AND a canolie, it was my birthday after all. I cant say that I've had many canolies in my life, but if they're all this good, there will be an eternal place in my heart set aside for these delectible deserts.Happy dining friends, and godspeed to all your yelping fingers!
Yum, can you say great steak?This is another of my father's favorite haunts after the car races at Manzanita.  Back in his day they did not serve alcohol and he and his racing cronies would bring their own bottles.My first trip here was over 40 years ago when they still had the stockyards next door.  Worst imaginable smell in the world greeted my nostrils when we got out of the car and rushed inside.  Once inside the only aroma was that of sizzling steak.The stockyards are long gone but the steaks are still there.
Dear Mr. Fez,Please offer your restaurant skills to other establishments in the Valley, they desperately need your help.  Perhaps you could write a book on how to make your food, service, and restaurant atmosphere not suck.  I'm sure you'd have to include many pictures and only use small words because most other restaurateurs are feeble minded.This world is not fair. There is only one FEZ but 10,000 crappy chain restaurants, all of which suck.Please keep doing what you do and hopefully it will rub off on a few other places in Arizona.Thank you,Satisfied Costumer.
On my quest to visit all the yelp high star places in my hood I stopped by LoLo's today.  I would have never known this place exsisted if it wasn't for yelp.  I had the Betty Boop which is 1 breast and 1 waffle.  The hubs had Sheedah's Special - a breast a wing and a waffle. Since I've never had chicken AND waffles before I had no basis for comparison.  The chicken was a little on the dry side but I really liked the flavor.  The first bites of the waffle kinda reminded me of a frozen waffle but I quickly got past that with the cinnamon, buttery flavors. The iced tea was super good and I love that they serve them in Kerr jars so we didn't require any refills.  Oh!  I almost forgot the grits... because they're forgettable.  I've lived in the south and grits never grew on me.  It's been so long since I tried them and the reviews were stellar; I thought I'd give them a second chance.  I'm sorry grits but if that much butter and cheese can't make you taste good, nothing can.The service was excellent.  Very quick.  Everyone was pleasant except for the hostess.  When we told the server it was our first time there she gave us a free piece of red velvet cake.  Very moist with a cream cheese frosting and walnuts on top.
My mom and I went to Si Senor tonight on a whim.  We coudn't find the place we were looking for and she wanted Mexican.  Someone had mentioned this place a while back.  Well I'm gonna have to tell this person off!  JK... I can't hold her accountable, she just has horrible taste in Mexican food.We both ordered  the #1, tamale, relleno, enchilada, taco.  Its all served on one big plate, covered in either red or green sauce.  Oh and a pile of "chile con carne".  If you need to cover the entire plate with tons of sauce something is probably wrong.  You get a large pool of beans covered in... you guessed it - CHEESE! and some mediocre rice.  I wouldn't have minded all this cheese or sauce if what was under it all tasted good.  The relleno was fried to death, greasy and flavorless.  The tamale was ok, but I only had 2 bites.  I think that may have been from your grocers freezer.  The "beef taco" was ground beef!  WTF?  Okay, we make these at home because we grew up on a budget and we had to do what we had to do.  But we never called them beef tacos.  WHY? Because beef tacos are SHREDDED BEEF that has been slow roasted or braised with chile and spices.  Ground beef tacos are "hamburger tacos".  Ejole!  BUT, again, I wouldn't have minded if it at least had some flavor!  You're killin me smalls!  The beans?  Just fucking sad... brown ooze topped with melted cheese. Clearly from a can. Didn't taste the enchilada cuz I couldn't stomach any more damn sauce and the chile con carne looked like, well...canned.I do have a couple good things to say:  The chips and salsa were good. I enjoyed the red salsa and the sour cream dip.  Good thing I always get carried away with the chips and salsa or I would've gone home hungry.  The sopapilla at the end of the meal was good.  Fried dough covered in sugar and cinnamon - you can't go wrong.  I have to say, the waitress was really friendly and accommodating.  My point here is, its okay if you're not the most authentic (and I know everyone's opinion might differ on the way any one dish "should" be prepared) as long as you're putting out fresh flavorful food, you're doing okay.  I hate to write such a bad review, but I have to be honest.  I should have gone to the taco shop down the street on Ray and Warner (Taqueria Mi Casita).  They have real (Mexican) food and I would've saved about half the bill!
Eh, the Beach House is okay, but not great.  The pork tasted like carnitas, but without the crunchy edges (it's baked).  The fish taco was a little dry.  The red beef taco was probably the best, but I still didn't love it.  Sure, it's cheap, but when I want a taco, I want a better taco than this.  Their salsa was pretty good, and the hot sauce selection was appreciated, but that's not really enough to bring me back.  The Two Hippies are better at burgers than "Mexican" food, IMHO.
Oh China Lite you disappoint me over and over again. Every once in awhile I want to TRY and eat a little healthier than I am naturally inclined, so I will head over to China Lite, as it's close to my workplace. And every time I am disappointed with the lack of flavor, high prices, and tiny portions. I've tried the chow mein(bland and tasteless), the Chang's chicken (boring), the chicken broccoli (mediocore at best). There are so many fantastic Chinese spices but these guys evidently aren't familiar with them. I guess maybe their food is marginally healthier than other places, but c'mon folks you can do better! Decor and atmosphere is standard for strip-mall Chinese, and the place seems clean enough, but I never feel full or satisfied when I leave.
We used to really like this place, but lately they keep disappointing us.  Good things:  They have all night drink specials, so if the game goes past happy hour, its not a big deal.  Lots of TVs, good atmosphere, good food, never overly busy to accomodate a group.  Their food is pretty good and drink prices are fair.  Some of the wait staff are nice.Bad things: They've changed their menu a little bit so some things aren't included in happy hour appetizers anymore- throw some chicken tenders or something in there please.  A girl can only eat so many chips.  They need to get more beers on tap- that's just weird for a sports bar.But my biggest complaint.  If I'm coming to a sports bar, it's to watch a game.  Don't take 15 minutes to get it on the TV.  And if there is a group of 5-10 people sitting in front of a TV cheering on our team, don't change my channel.  This has happened a couple times at this place.  And it's not like there aren't a million other TVs that nobody is watching- this place isn't that busy.  They need to get a more organized process for managing the TVs.  Most sports bars walk up to the TV, point at it, and ask if anyone would mind if they change it....sounds fairly simple.  And seriously, if we start screaming when you change the TV, don't fill 5 people's beers before you put my game back on.
Friend said, hey they have the best wings in town.  Mmmm.  I go wherever the wing compass points me and I will eat no wing before its time!Cheesy atmosphere, Hooters girl very immature, she was spending most of her time with what was obviously her friends eating there.  The girls looked skanky, like Highlighter rejects.  Or young white trash trailer mom's in training.  But I don't care much for the so called hotties, I was there to get my wing on.  Then the wings came out, devoid of any sauce, and I ordered medium.  (And the wings are not cut, you get the whole damn wing, I hate that.  I like wings and drummettes not the whole thing).The waitress was no where to be seen for some time, so I called over the manager he got me my sauce and that quieted me for a bit.  Place looked dirty, could smell cigarette smoke from behind the glass doors that gives way to a patio for some very wasted frat looking tards.Horrible wings, stupid sexist concept, overall cruddy experience.
Al-Hana makes me sad for one reason: I am so in love with the falafel that I still haven't had a chance to try their world-famous cheese pizza thingies.For the uninitiated, Al-Hana is the restaurant that occupies one corner of Baiz Market, the amazing Middle Eastern grocery at 20th and Roosevelt.If you want amazing food, period, you gotta eat here. The pitas are baked in-house and they are amazing. flavorful, soft, just chewy enough, and perfect. The falafel is seasoned perfectly and fried to a crunchy perfection. The babaganouj is impressive, as is the Hummus. The only thing I am not 100% in love with is the Tabbouleh, which is just a tad short on lemon flavor for my taste. If you're feeling like a salad, I would recommend the fettoush salad instead, as it is an unexpected delight.The set up is a bit on the disorganized side: The menu board is an incomprehensible mess, so you're better off asking for a menu, or even better, describing what you want to the helpful staff. The food does take a bit of time, so feel free to explore the market while you wait.Al-Hana is a great place to take people who think that Phoenix is just a city full of Macaroni Grills and Cheesecake Factories. They will be surprised at what unique, authentic spots we have here in town....but you might want to warn them about the whole goat in the butcher department first.
Nothing sticks out about Saketini that makes it great, so I'm not sure why the average rating is so high.My friend and I got there on a Monday night around 5:45. The place was dark and practically empty. I started getting panicky that we would not get our orders in before happy hour ended at 6. The server came and brought us water at 5:50 and then didn't come back until right before 6. We made happy hour, but barely. I don't know why the server was taking her time - there was one other table so it's not like it was busy. Hate when people make me nervous.Anyway, to the rolls. They have a huge list of specialty rolls, but 95 percent of them are deep-fried, baked, stuffed with cheap imitation crab or cali rolls. Only a few had fresh fish in them. So far, not impressed. We ordered the spicy salmon and tuna, which were big, chunky and quite spicy. I was happy with these. I ordered a Dbacks specialty roll which was tasty but not amazing. My friend and I shared the Mermaid, which was half price after 6:30, and that was OK. Again, nothing to write home about. Specialty rolls range from $8-12, but they're stuffed with the cheap stuff, so I don't know if they're worth it.In the end, we had 5 rolls, no drinks and the bill came out to $35, which, if the quality was superb, I would not have had a problem with. I don't think I'd go back, it just wasn't worth it.
Service experiences have been mixed:  the bartender was courteous, however, we have often been rushed.  When picking up a to-go order the hostess/cashier was clearly annoyed at my questions and rude in her responses.  For instance, why are the prices listed on the to-go menu different or less than what I am being charged?  Yes, I understand that the register is ringing them up that way and repeating that 2x doesn't make it ok.  Sometimes it's how you handle a situation that makes all the difference.  On top of the service issues, the pizzas always look and smell great upon arrival, but they have been disappointing the last couple of times.  Great selection of toppings and variety of pizzas, HOWEVER, it does you no good when you can't taste them with wet dough.  With the last couple of pies i've had here they've been soggy despite crispy crusts.  I also tried reheating the take-out pizzas in the oven to crisp them up but it was to no avail.  Very disappointing - it seems like they still haven't resolved their dough issues.
Sourdough lox bagels with onions, tomatoes and capers with European roast coffee.  We miss their fresh squeezed OJ, but "from concentrate" is not too bad.  EB is even better than Wolfgang Puck's in LAX.
How they do it, I don't know, but their waffles, which must be the best on the planet, don't even really need syrup.  Not that syrup hurts.  I think it's all the butter that ends up on everything.  The fried chicken really can't be beat either, but I just can't stop thinking about those waffles.If I lived next door, I'd have to exercise about four hours a day to burn those 50,000 calories.This from their website: "Since Lo-Lo's has been open they've offered catering service for the likes of the Arizona Cardinals, Angie Stone, Mary J. Blige, Anthony Hamilton, the Whispers, Snoop Dogg, Allen Iverson, Steve Francis, and members of the Chicago Cubs. ... Shawn Marion, whose birthday cake was made at Lo-Lo's, calls Sandy Sand's Red Velvet Cake one of his favorites."I don't know how I didn't make the list, but count me in.
I really struggled over whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.  We went here for happy hour and dinner yesterday and ate at the bar.  They're officially open at 5pm, we got there at 4:30 and said we could go to the bar and hang out/drink until the kitchen opens.5 Stars for the happy hour prices.  Half off beer, wine, and martinis.  My partner ordered a Kirin Draft ($3).  I decided to go down the list of Martinis.  I apologize for not making it through the ENTIRE list, but I did pretty good for the two hours we were there:Hibiya-tini - reminded me of that cucumber water you get at the spa (with alcohol).  It's made with Shochu, which I guess is Japan's lower octane version of Vodka.  Very light and refreshing.Ropponngi Fizz - Slightly sweeter than tha Hiyatini. More of an orange flavor.  Equally as light and refreshing.  Geisha-tini - Japan's version of the Cosmo.  VERY berry.  There were literally berries in the martini glass.  A little sweet for me.Sake-tini - Very good.  More of a grapefruit taste.  It had this interesting, almost smoky flavor.  All of them were very light... you could barely taste the alcohol.  By the Saki-tini it was pretty clear the alcohol was in there -- it's just hidden well.Okay.. so during this we order food.  The sushi was pretty underwhelming.  We were talking about it as we left and decided it was about on par with Ra, and maybe not quite as good -- and I'm not a huge Ra fan.  Our Order:Edamame - nothing terribly special.  My favorite was at D'Vine in Mesa.. did not compare.Tuna Takaki - Maybe a tad overcooked.  Basically ahi tuna and soy sauce.  Taneko CA Roll - Was pretty good.  Again, on par with Ra.  Spicy Tuna Roll - "   "BBQ Eel - Off their main menu.  It was just O.K.  The specialty rolls at Ra were better.Bottom line.  Service and drink prices are 5 stars.  Sushi.. maybe 3 1/2 stars.  Reading some of the reviews we might go back here and try their dinner entrees next time.  It's definitely a GREAT spot to start the night with some drinks.
Seriously.....F*** this place!  Disgusting food and shitty service, ambience is great if you like to dine in a hot cellar engulfed in stagnated air.  Truly it is over rated, over priced, and they just under deliver.  Forget trying to order a drink here, it will take forever to get and when it finally does arrive you will be ready to pass out from heat exhaustion and lack of oxygen.  How's that for a head change, you don't even have to pay for it!I won't disgust you with the detailed review of everything I have tried here, but to make it simple, it all sucks!  And after you get the bill you will be walking out with a sore ass!  Save your money and spare your self the disappointment.
Ok so this is by far my favorite resturant ever! How can you not love a burrito filled with jade chicken, and one meal is enough to feed two people.
UPDATED:  After a massive headache and feeling MSG-sick for four hours, I called and asked if they use the stuff.  I was told after a quick hesitation that yes, they do in some dishes, however they will leave it out if you make the request upon ordering.  Just a heads up, but it's still losing two stars.I just ate at China Chili for the first time since their grand move from Central Avenue.  These people are efficient as hell.  Menu, drink, soup, food, bill, out you go all before you can seem to completely read the brief lunch menu.  It's quite nice for a quick lunch when nothing else in the area sounds appealing.The lunch special menu highlights your typical offerings: Orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken, Mongollon beef, ad nauseam.  The dinner menu is more extensive, but I suspect I'll never make it here during dinner hours and cannot report on such matters.The food offered at lunch is good, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.  The flavors were alright, the price perfect, the portions great, it's just "nothin' to write home about". Need a quick, cheap, hot lunch?  This may do the trick.
Brio has catered a few events that I have gone to in the last few years. Always fantastic food. But, I had never been in the restaurant itself before.I came here with my  daughter for lunch. I was not hungry till the next morning.There is lots of covered parking in the garage. Which is really nice for starters.The restaurant itself is beautiful inside. You can eat on the patio or inside .The hostess greeted us immediately  and gave us a wonderful booth.I was drinking hot tea, but my daughter had a few cocktails. A Bellini which was frozen (a little different) but,she said it was good. Also a Basil gimlet, which she said was OK.The food was really the best! I got Lobster Bisque soup which that alone was a full meal. Then I got crab cakes they came with vegetables. Wow, very tasty and more than I could eat. My daughter got a salad, and Pasta Pompadour with Eggplant.Again way too much and she took most  of it to go.Food was fantastic, service was very good.Too bad it is so far away from me. But, I never mind driving. It is a win win day or night out here. Plus they play fabulous Italian music!
OK, got my torta fix! Al Pastor was killer, never had a chance to eat here when it was under the original owners. With that being said the food was good. Ordered a torta and rolled tacos, taquitos. 5 came to an order and had melted cheese on top. Served with a side of guac creme as well. All for around $8 bucks. The place sits inside a gas station, it was dead at 11am, and tables were empty. Are there other place in the valley of the sun for better Mexican food? Sure. However why not support the local joint down on the corner that does serve straight forward great tasting Mexican food! If you are in the area check this place out! Maybe the owner from my last post should come here and see how a true Torta is made!!!!!!
Chicken and Waffles DO NOT BELONG TOGETHER. Ew.I understand that the world probably thinks I am the scum of the earth for giving Lo-Lo's such a low rating, however, I cannot bring myself to like greasy, nasty food.Why is the Kool-aid flavored red? Why is it not called "Cherry"? These are the questions that haunt my dreams. Not only do I hate the food here, but why is it in the middle of no where? I had so much trouble finding it.You may be wondering why I even bothered to come here in the first place... good question. It is safe to assume that I will NEVER step foot in this door again.
It's been open for approximately 2 months and they have a bit more to do to impress me. Upon entering it took a few minutes of us waiting at the front to finally be acknowledged and greeted. There's a hostess area, but no hostess.We wanted something light, easy, and fast. We ordered a pizza special that included a drink, slice of pizza, and a salad. The pizza came out re-warmed and dry. I was not happy about them passing off fresh, gourmet pizza with a re-warm in the toaster oven appeal (I've re-warmed enough pizzas in my time that I know it when I see it). I asked the server about it and he admitted that it was not fresh and that they would make us fresh slices. The new pizza came out 10-15 minutes later and it was a stark difference compared to the initial slice. The pizza was freshly baked (not freshly made by hand) and the cheese was delicious. Some helpful tips:1. Do us both a favor and get it right the first time. You only have one chance to make a good first impression. Unfortunately, the initial impression I have of this establishment is disappointment. If you know you were giving out old pizza, why do it? Especially when you are a new business and you are building your reputation.2. If you advertise "gourmet" be it. The quality of the pizza was ordinary. If you were to advertise as a regular pizza joint, I would think you were great. However, since you say you are "gourmet" you have missed the mark entirely. Gourmet to me is handmade and extraordinary with toppings and spices and I didn't see that.3. Same line of thought...if you advertise "organic wheat crust" use it. My crust was an ordinary white flour crust. The two main reasons (gourmet and organic wheat crust) I picked this restaurant instead of the one next door were the very things that I didn't end up experiencing. The service was okay. The restaurant itself is in a great location and is decorated very nice! I think this place has great potential, it's just getting the form and function to align (be consistent in your advertising message with the product you give to your consumer).
Decided to meet some friends today for lunch...and frankly, heard enough about it to make me want to try it.Really, the only thing that earned the stars for me was the waitress.  She was funny, just engaging enough, and she actually made me feel as if she was interested in talking to me.  The fries were okay - but unlike the other reviews, I didn't taste much in them.  I'm okay with a meal like this (blatantly unhealhy) once in a while...but this really wasn't worth the trouble.Maybe I am spoiled, but the burger was tasteless and the bun was soaked in butter but not toasted.  I really enjoy Diet Coke with any meal (I know, I know...not unhealthy) and had to settle for water.  The fries were not cooked through (you know, when they are hard in the middle but soft on the outside)...and just not worth it.And, really, I hate the "cash only" places.  I'll skip it next time.
The stock of cupcake flavors seemed to be running low when I popped in, (not surprising since it was half an hour before closing). DON'T PANIC. The lovely cupcake girls announced that while they might not be visible in the display case, at least 10 varieties (those on the board with a dot by them) were back in the kitchen and could easily be frosted if any of us customers so desired. Cupcake crisis averted.But the best part about my visit was getting a free red velvet cupcake for mentioning the Twitter secret code: "sugar rush." Follow http://twitter.com/sprinklescupcks and you'll be in the know too for their next freebie.Oh, did I mention they also have the cutest website? And seasonal flavors too, including for Passover, Cinco de Mayo and Mother's Day this month. I'm headed up this weekend for some Key Lime perfection.
Let me just preface this review by saying, I really really didn't want to like Pizzeria Bianco because of all the hype I have heard about it. Unfortunately (or fortunately I suppose), I actually did like Pizzeria Bianco. While I cannot say it was the best pizza I have ever ate, it was good and I walked away a pleasantly full and happy gal.To avoid having my opinion of Pizzeria Bianco swayed one way or the other by a potential 3 hour wait, and since I don't feel like any food is worthy of a 3 hour wait, I went with a group of 6 friends and made a reservation. My biggest advice if you are going to make a reservation, make it way before the date you want to go! It took three times calling for a reservation before I got one...last night the hostess shed some light on why...they only take one reservation for each time slot. If you do decide to go without a reservation, take advantage of drinks and apps beforehand at either Bar Bianco or Rose and Crown!Pizzeria Bianco is small and tables are very close together, so if you don't like dining almost on top of the table next to you, I suggest skipping this place. Our waiter was friendly and provided good service most of the night. Coke comes in the old fashioned bottles and the alcohol selection is a bit small, but I guess the focus is really the food. Our group started with an order of the spiedini (fontina wrapped in prosciutto) and an order of the tomato and mozzarella as appetizers. Definitely if you are with a group, order at least two of the spiedini, as it only comes with two skewers which only affords each person a very small bite. The tomato and mozzarella fed our group easily, so one order for a group of 6 should be fine. The tomatoes were so fresh and juicy, and the mozzarella was super fresh as well...all and all, it was probably the best caprese I have had. Both appetizers were winners with our group. We also went through two plates of the bread and olive oil before our pizzas arrived...my only complaint was that I prefer when restaurants put a bit of seasoning in the olive oil to kick the flavor up a bit.We ordered five pizzas...2 Biancoverdes, 1 Margherita, 1 Rosa, and 1 Sonny Boy. We probably should have just gone with four pizzas, but with five, we had leftovers for some people to take home. I really enjoyed the Biancoverde and the Margherita, although the Biancoverde was by far the heaviest of the pizzas and had intense flavors. It had a bit too much argula for my liking, but it was very good. The margherita was simple, yet tasted very fresh and had a good cheese to tomato ratio, which is very important in my book for a quality Margherita. The Rosa and Sonny Boy were hits with our group as well, although I think the Sonny Boy was probably the least favorite of the four kinds we ordered. For the two appetizers, five pizzas, a glass of wine, a coke, double expresso, and a cappucino, our bill came to $111...when we added in the tip, each person in our party of 6 paid $22. I thought that was incredibly reasonable and actually much less than I had been planning to spend.There were a few negatives about my Pizzeria Bianco experience:1. Parking - the lot for PB customers was full when I arrived at 5:30 pm, so I was directed to the garage on 5th Street which was fine. However, even after getting my ticket validated at PB, it still cost me $3 to park. Not a huge thing, but I think that people turned away from the lot (which is free) should be told that they will still have to pay to park at the garage, just at a discounted rate.2. When we arrived at 6:30 (time of our reservation), we had to wait for 15 minutes for a table. Granted, not a three hour wait, but it just irks me a bit when you have reservations for a specific time and then are still made to wait.3. The table of two guys next to us were asked to leave by the hostess...she told them they could finish their beers outside or next door, but they had to leave so a party of two could be seated at their table. I have never heard of something like that happening before. Our group was a bit shocked and as my friend said, "I guess to be a hostess here you need to have quite a pair". 4. After we got our check, we waited over 15 minutes for someone to take it and bring the change (we paid in cash). Our waiter never actually came and got it...the hostess overheard us wondering when someone was going to come and get our money, so she picked it up and handled it for us. The funny thing was that there was a group waiting for our table outside! Overall, I would say Pizzeria Bianco is a 3.5 star establishment, but I'm giving it 4 stars (Yelp really needs half stars!) because the food exceeded my expectations in terms of quality and freshness, and our group walked away quite happy with our dining experience despite a few hiccups.
It was 10:45 Saturday morning and I wanted coffee. I knew of a place right down the street from me and to my disappointment it was closed! WTF! Any way I went searching for a cafe. I wanted to sit down and read the new times with a cup of coffee. I actually started my journey thinking I would stop at the drip. But when i got there that place just seemed to modern for me. I was in a funky mood and just wanted a nice cup of coffee, nothing fancy. So I saw an older man waving a sign that said "Best lunch in town!" and he was kind of dancing too! And I said to myself "Yes, i think I will". So I stumbled upon MacAlpines. They had just opened and I sat right down at the counter. I had two cups of yummy diner coffee and after realizing I was hungry too, I ordered a stuffed tomato that was oh so yummy with super fresh veggies. The decor was adorable and welcoming and I loved the juke box. 25 cents gets you two plays! anyway, I'm not giving it four stars because it took some time for the staff to warm up and be friendly. I don't know if it was just because they had just opened or if it was because I was still sleeping and needed a caffeine fix badly. But I want to go again, with company, not by myself and I'll rate it again.
Love: the pizza and the atmosphere.  I have tried four of the pizzas. My favorite by far is the avocado pizza. May sound odd, but it's good. I also like the Veg-o-rama. The Rocket Man claims to be "SPICY" but was not spicy at all when I ordered it. Mushroom Party is superb as well, the fennel really makes this one memorable.The crust is really good. The pizzas are on the small side, you could probably scarf one all by yourself, but I recommend going with a group and ordering a variety so you can try all the funky combinations. Service is good, parking is hell on earth for dinner and all day on the weekends.  But like another reviewer said, if you know this going in, you'll be okay.
Cornish Pasty Company1941 W. Guadalupe RoadMesa, ArizonaWe arrived on a Friday night at 6:00 as a party of 14. Probably not the most fair thing to do since I knew I was going to review the restaurant, yet it didn't phase them in the least. While they take no reservations, they treated us courteously, and seated us after a short wait.This is not the quietest place to eat at, as a lot of it has to do with the bar, which is very conducive to friendly chit chat, but overlooking that, it's quite a charming place. There is seating outside, as well as in church pews inside, which makes for a cozy atmosphere as well as the possibility of having new conversations with people you have never met - something that Americans are not used to, but is very common in the rest of the world.Everyone ordered soft drinks except for myself. I ordered a Strongbow to see if it was what I remembered from the U.K., and it was no different at all. A true hard cider with good flavor of apples.For my main course, I ordered the Oggie, a mixture of steak, potato, onion and rutabaga, served in a pastry crust with a small cruet of red wine gravy. ($8.00) . I was instantly transported back to the U.K. with my first bite. It had great depth of flavor, and the red wine sauce was absolute dynamite. An excellent dish! I also ordered a side of Mushy Peas ($2.75) and a side of Baked Beans ($2.50). The peas had nice flavor and were exactly as served in England, but I didn't care for the Baked Beans. There seemed to be an odd flavor associated with them that was off putting and which everyone agreed was not very tasty. Other members of our party ordered the Italian, the Porky (pronounced as orgasmic), the Shepherds Pie, the Reuben (good corned beef), the Chicken Greek (said to be very tasty), and the Lamb Vindaloo (usually very spicy, but apparently toned down here for American palates). Two of our party ordered the Pilgrim, which is roasted turkey, sweet potatoes, grilled onions, stuffing and red wine gravy. One pronounced it terrific, while the other didn't care for it.The menu also includes a nice assortment of vegetarian dishes as well.Most people didn't have room for dessert, but a few did, with almost everyone sharing. One of the desserts was Banoffee Pie - a graham cracker crust, homemade caramel, whipped cream and fresh bananas. It was interesting to note that the whipped cream was unsweetened. When mixed with the other ingredients, it picked up it's sweetness from them and tended to tone down the overall sweetness of the dish - a wonderful idea of what would otherwise have been an overly sweet dessert.The other dessert that was ordered was the Apple Caramel Pasty - a kind of apple turnover pie crammed full of apples and cinnamon and covered with a homemade caramel sauce and served with a large scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream. Nothing could have been better, especially since the caramel wasn't too sweet.Considering how crowded the place was, service was not too bad, and certainly could have been a lot worse.Perhaps the only fault I could find was with the ladies room. The paper bin was full to the top, and the rolls of paper were scattered around instead of being in holders. I have been in nicer restrooms in other restaurants.Overall, this was a wonderful eating experience, with several authentic dishes on the menu as well as some creative ones. I recommend it highly and give it 4 stars.
Wholly Grill is no longer alone in the Mekong Plaza food court, as the other eateries finally opened during the Moon Festival. But the food is just as delicious as before and the service just as friendly. I had an overpowering craving for pancit palabok today and made the trek to Mesa to try Wholly Grill's version of it. It was wonderfully authentic: rice noodles generously bathed in a thick savory annatto-hued shrimp sauce, with tender shrimp, crunchy bits of crushed chicharon (pork rinds) and flakes of tinapa (smoked fish) -- Filipino comfort food like no other! Of course I had to pair it with gulaman at sago, a popular Filipino cold drink sweetened with panocha brown sugar and with cubes of gulaman (flavored agar) and tapioca balls.  The meal reminded me of the scene in the Disney movie Ratatouille, where the food critic took a bite of the food and was immediately transported to his mother's table when he was a child, eating her delicious cooking. That was pretty much like my experience today.
We ate there this past weekend and I the food was top notch.  The value for the dollar seems to be a bit lacking.  $10 for hummus was about 1/2 what it could/should have been.  It tasted wonderful but $10 was too steep.  The lamb shanks my wife ordered were $23 and again, great taste but quite expensive for what you got.  Apple Martini was $10 and a Stella Artois on tap was about the same.The one thing I really didn't like was the very loud music.  Seemed to 80's and kind of affected the mood.  I almost felt I was shouting over the music.  The service was good and the food was very savory.  If you are looking for something unique, this is definitely worth a consideration.
- Italian Beef Sandwich (Could use some Improvement) - Maxwell Street Polish Dog (Not Approved)- French Fries (As good as they get)- Burgers ( Have yet to try, but they look like the one thing that this place does right)Chicago Style Italian Beef sandwiches don't seem to have much competition in this town. My two top restaurants for authentic Italian Beef sandwiches remain as Luke's of Chicago, and the recently opened, Chicago's Taylor Street.I gave Lobbys a shot on three seperate occasions. I met the owner and we talked for quite some time on the first visit. He is a very nice guy, and seemed to speak of his burgers as being his main focus and signature menu item.As for the Italian Beef at this locaiton, he states that he slow cooks and seasons it himself. The beef isn't bad, but it seems to be lacking the full flavor of his competitors in town. The bread is a great selection, the juice that the beef is cooked in seems rather watered down and again lacks flavor. I always order a side of this hot juice to pour over the sandwich as you would a french dip with au jus.The giardanara is another big player in the outcome of the sandwich and unfortunately he uses the standard Vienna Beef giardanara. I think that he could really improve the flavor of the sandwich with a better house made or higher quality pickled giardanara than the one that he is currently using.So for the Italian beef sandwich sandwich, I'm going to leave this as the, "I'm starving to death and closer to this location than one of the competitors", choice that I would only resort to in a pinch.The Maxwell Street Polish is an even bigger disappointment, as it's simply a processed hot dog like, precooked Polish Link as you would buy in the hot dog section at the grocery store. The other competitors that I speak of in town, use a real Polish, Italian, or Brat link as you would purchase from a butcher counter. I would never order this type of sausage from any establishment unless it were Weinerschnitzel..lolNow to the French Fries, I think that they are as good as they could possibly be. He also offers a signature sauce for them, it seems to be an aioli of some sort and is very tasty. However the fries are great with a little salt and nothing else as well.I hate to see the lack of competition with what others offer in this town. I think that he could certainly gain a great deal of respect and pull in some loyal customers who look for and appreciate an authentic Chicago Italian Beef Sandwich or Sausage that would typically be offered by an establishment of this type.Check the place out and write a fitting review, maybe your opinion will be different than mine. Cheers and much luv! :)
Sure Smashburger is a "chain burger place" but that doesn't necessarily mean they act nor serve food that taste like any ordinary burger chain restaurant...  They are much better than many other fast food places and well worth the few extra bucks you'll pay for a good burger and fries.We tried their Arizona Smashburger with fried pickles. The burger was cooked to perfection, just the right amount of seasoning and temperature!  It came with fresh guac, jalepenos, chipotle mayo, other veggies with Habanero cheese served on a chiptole bun.  It was fantastic! The fried pickles were also a nice change to fries. Crispy with lite batter and some ranch dressing for dipping.  You've got to try these!We also had the Classic Smashburger with their Smashfries. Again the burger was cooked exceptionally well with just the right balance of seasoning and temp.  Their Smashfries are fries tossed with olive oil, salt, garlic and rosemary. The seasoning was spot on! We've ate fries that are very similar at Diablo Burger in Flag, but the fries at Smashburger are better balanced with rosemary/garlic and salt.Recommendation: order a create your own 1/3 lb Smashburger with which ever bun, but ask for them to toast it ~ they will! Then add an extra 1/3 lb patty and request them to cook it the temp you want it ~ they will. Choose the cheese of your choice with either smashsauce or chipotle mayo and then get all the veggies including jalapenos. Your total will be $6.99 for a 2/3 lb burger of deliciousness that will leave you planning your next trip to Smashburger!  Don't forget to try their fried pickles and down everything with a cold bottle of beer.
I was here last night with some friends to see Twilight. I mean I had free movie passes so why not right? I remember when it was the old movie theater so the changes they made were a HUGE improvement. When you walk in, it is a little confusing because all the lines say will-call. Luckily there was no one in line so I just walked up as I wasn't sure where to go. She gave us our ticket as well as menus to look over what we may want to order while enjoying our movie. Wow what a menu it is. The funny thing is all I wanted was popcorn and I had to search high and low to find it lol. It was literally the last line on the opposite side of the menu. So we go to the theater and like others have stated it is a weird set up. Luckily for us we didn't have to be herded in like others have experienced as it was pretty empty at 5pm. We picked our seats, which were the ones that had the trays in front of us. Not the weird rolling work chairs in which it looks like you are sitting at desk. That is way weird indeed.  We got comfy and pressed our button to order some food. My friend Toni ordered the kahlua mudslide and some sweet potato fries and I ordered a diet pepsi and some popcorn. OMG the popcorn was so good. It served in a basket with  side butter. It has to be a large because I swear it was never ending. My other girlfriend even was able to nosh on it and still we didn't finish it. My friend's drink was huge and she said her sweet potato fries were pretty good. I don't like the fact that the lights under those weird desk stay on the entire time. That along with people constantly walking in front of you to drop off orders or to take them was a little annoying. But I will say that the staff was very friendly and attentive.Overall it is ok. I have not been to IPIC or Ultrastar so I have nothing to compare this too but it wasn't bad, just ok. I might give a try again after I check the others but we will see.
What can I say.... There is nothing better than a Double Double with grilled onions and fries.
How I want to give this place 5 stars.  I grappled with it for at least 5 minutes before finally writing this.  The location is killer.  Not only is it in 'Slope (which is an awesome neighborhood) but it is an old fire house (complete with garage doors) and has a beautifully shaded patio.  Really top notch.  The panino I had, with manchengo, pesto, and salami was AMAZING.  Even the chips were good.The menu was a little lacking in things that interested me but the one thing I found was simply the best.The service was dreadfully slow.  For a couple sandwiches that should only take 5 minutes to make, the 15 we waited was too long.  I grapple with comparing this place to Postino because they are so similar but where Postino succeeds in great service, Bomberos food was just flat out better.  So many difficult decisions in life to make and choosing between these two wine bars could be the toughest.
I think it's been summed up pretty thoroughly by others, so I'll just list a few of my favorite things.Bare wood ceilingBeautiful views of the mountainsNo bad seat in the placeFire pit with little swirlies drawn in the dark sandSalt and fresh cracked black pepper in a cute yin-yang bowlGreat food and even better serviceFREE BIRF-DAY DESSERT in the form of molten chocolate...... (they even wrote 'happy birthday' in chocolate on the plate.  Sweet!)The only thing I could pick at is...for such a beautiful and chic place to go, did they really have to put fake horsetail in the vases at each table?  Come on now, couldn't you splurge on the real stuff?Best lunch item:  Orecchiette pasta with shrimp, chicken, and sausage in a morrocan spice cream sauce.
Somehow I always end up moving or helping a friend move in the dead heat of a Phoenix summer. This is the only time I want a soda, and the only time I really go to Sonic. Summertime + moving = Rt 44 Diet Cherry Limeaide.
Oh Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, how many times have I loitered on your property while waiting for the life nectar that is Sakana? Too many times.How many times have I actually purchased your wares? Once, tonight, Japanese Cherry flavor green tea to be exact.And what did I think of your wares? It's something that I shouldn't have too hard of a time digesting and forgettable. Still a good way to waste time waiting for something better? That's for truth.
Good food, but horrible, stuffy and pretentious atmosphere.  Showed up for late lunch & was greeted by a completely self-absorbed young girl who has clearly never received training in customer service.  The place was nearly empty and she asked (with a bored blank stare) if we had a reservation.  When we said no, she huffed and acted very put off.  Once we were seated, the service was so terrible that we left before eating our meal.  Have dined here multiple times.  Just cannot take the poor service and generally stuffy, "wealthy grandmother" like atmosphere any longer.
Went here a yr ago but I'm new to YELP so I'm catching up :) Waited 4 hrs, yes I heard the wait was long, but Reeeaaally? Finally sat @ 10pm after having some apps next door. By the time we sat we weren't terribly hungry but the server forced our foursome into getting 4 pizzas. We ate 2 (told you we weren't hungry) and took 2 home. Pizza was good, but Cibo is better! Was the wait worth it, ahhhh No.
I don't know how anyone could argue with a happy hour that goes til 9 o'clock. The wings were amazing and it was very refreshing to have a big draft beer out on the front patio. I don't get out much during the week, but I did see that they have daily specials that include $4 kettle one drinks/shots on thursday.I only have one complaint that calls for the three star instead of a four:-the beers seemed like they could've been much colder. I feel like it's really important for glasses to be ice cold as well as the beer. The glasses weren't even chilled and the beer itself was almost room temperature. I would let this slide if they were really busy (as stocking them would be difficult) but they weren't even close to being slammed. I will definitely go back to Tavern, and I would recommend it as one stop of the Mill Ave experience...
My new favorite dish at PCG (actually anywhere) is the new Surf N Turf Pasta entree. It is freakin' amazing! Cooked to order medallions of beef (I believe its filet) and HUGE prawns over a bed of fettuccine noodles. Seasoned with diced green chilies, corn, and a bit of cheese, it's"s a bit spicy, but over all just so dang tasty. I also have recently tried their Dreamy Draw Chili and it is a winner. Made of pinto beans, it's"s different from your traditional red sauce chili. I honestly have not had a bad dish at PCG. Kim is the best server they have, but maybe we're biased because we know her. If you still have not tried PCG, make it a point to do so soon. I hear their parking lot remodel is completed. :)
I met a friend of mine here for lunch the other day.  She has raved about this Indian food place that she said I had to try.  I used to live in the Bay Area of California, and I had some of the best Indian food while I was there, so I was a little skeptical that I would find something good here in Arizona.  My friend was right, the food here is awesome.I liked the variety of naan that they had here, from plain to garlic to whole wheat.  We got the whole wheat, which soaked up the yummy goodness of the sauce that came with my lamb masala.  This dish was just spicy enough, very flavorful, and the lamb was super tender.  My friend is a veggie and got the dal makhani, which my carnivorous self actually found quite tasty.  And to top it all off, they had some chai tea that was out of this world.  It's a far cry from the sweetened chai stuff that you get at Starbucks, very flavorful.The service here was very great and attentive.  I'm not sure how this place would be around the dinner hour, but for lunch we were seated quickly and served quickly as well despite quite a few people being there.  I can't wait to come back!
I love this place and I'm not even Vegan. Though, after eating at GREEN, I'm seriously considering Vegetarianism.Problem is: I'm a creature of habit. When I find a meal I like, I just reorder it over and over. (note to self: change that!)My meal of choice at Green is the Mongolian Noodle Bowl w/the mock chicken, which is to die for. The veggies are fresh & flavorful and the mock chicken is absolutely delicious. Equally as satisfying is the Soynami, frozen vegan ice "cream" delight and the Peanut butter thingy.I do wish they had more drink choices. The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is because I'd like to see them use whole wheat noodles and Organic. But really, that's minor. Cause like the other review mentions, their other restaurant "That's a Wrap" in Phoenix has healthier fare.For the conscientious greenie, GREEN lives up to their name in more ways than one! The floors are concrete, the tables are made from sustainable materials (is that sorghum?) and they are definitely saving energy with what appears to be a swamp cooler. Not overly cooling on a hot Arizona afternoon but energy efficient.Green is hands down my favorite Arizona restaurant and I've been here for 8 years. Arizona definitely needs more of these type restaurants.The downside? They're about 40 or more miles away from my home. But with the food quality, relaxed atmosphere and Green interior, it's worth the trek for me.
The Pizzeria Bianco Date Night:If you're gonna show up at Pizzeria Bianco and wait for hours upon hours anyway...might as well make a nice day out of it. Bring the following things:-Reusable cloth grocery bag-Large blanket/beach towels-Playing cards and/or board games-Disposable ice chest (if you don't want to buy beer/beverages from Bar Bianco)-Sunscreen-Frisbee (optional)There are ample patches and hills of nice soft green grass in and around heritage square...absolutely perfect spots for a makeshift picnic. Pack everything in the cloth bag and show up to PB around 4:30 or so. You'll have to stand in line for a few minutes to put your name in...but once you do...it's Picnic time! Find a nice shaded grassy hill...there's a quite ideal one over towards the Science Center. Lay out your towels and make a fun evening of it. You can relax with some beverages while playing cards with your significant other and as a nice side effect the people watching can be pretty great while you do so. By doing this, you're really killing two birds with one stone...you're getting to have a nice picnic...and as a side effect...you're negating the whole negative aspect of going to Pizzeria Bianco...the wait. Once your name gets called you simply toss everything back in the bag, throw the disposable cooler out...and voila...you're ready to have some great pizza in a cozy rustic pizza joint after your picnic. I really don't see why you'd want to do anything else...it's making the best of a less than ideal situation. Each time I go there I see people lethargically pacing around with a beer, bored out of their gourd...I just don't get it...might as well try and have some fun. Now on to Pizzeria Bianco itself...I didn't feel the need to really add too much content about the place itself, because what's already been said by the 300+ reviews is more than sufficient. I will say this...the pizza is great, but it's not all that different than pizza you can get at Cibo for example, where the wait is almost non-existent. What Pizzeria Bianco is, however...is a dining experience every Phoenix foodie must check off their bucket list at least one time. 4/5.
I had a really disappointing experience with The Breadfruit. It was a Monday. It was a nice day. We wanted a picnic. We stopped at the Breadfruit to ask if we could get something to go. We were told no.The woman (owner?) told us repeatedly that they are a dine-IN restaurant, that it meant we can not take our food with us, and that take-out is bad for the environment. She was superior and insulting.My friend and I both work in restaurants. We are perfectly clear what dine in means. We would have tipped the server. We were flexible. We were hungry. We would have been happy to take our food in tin foil. We would have been happy to bring our own plates to receive the food on. We could have sat down, taken a bite, and asked for doggie bags. We understood that the Breadfruit is a dine-in restaurant, but they could have worked with us. There was only one occupied table in the place, but she flat out refused to serve us and was rude about it. Unbelievable!I won't be back for dine-in. I won't be back ever.
What can I say? This restaurant does serve delicious and authentic Thai food. I grew up and lived in Thailand and once I tasted the food that I ordered here, I knew that it was made by skilled cook with plenty of experience in Thai culinary. Would totally recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves Thai food. The price is reasonable and the ambiance is rather relaxing.
Chinese buffets are gross things. There's a reason they're cheap, folks. So - graded on a curve - this is one of the best. Note that I'm not saying it has great Chinese food, I'm saying by the godawful standards of cheap Chinese buffets everywhere, this is one you could actually eat at once in awhile without having your Hep A vaccination updated.The positives:- HUGE variety - biggest I've seen - including Cantonese dim sum, which is a rarity and a great surprise. Big sushi bar too (but no way I'm eating raw fish at a cheap Chinese buffet).- Good turnover of customers even outside lunch/dinner hours, so the food isn't quite so dried up and gloppy relative to other buffets.Negatives:I left my iPhone on the table one day. I caught my mistake 15 minutes later, but upon my return not a soul had seen any trace of it even though my table had been cleared. The next day I used GPS to locate it - at a home about one mile from the restaurant. I called the manager, described the neighborhood, and asked if anyone in the restaurant lived in this neightborhood? I'd hate to involve the police, etc...  Lo and behold, within an hour it was determined that the "cleaning company" had found it in the bathroom, and the "cleaners" had now brought the phone back, and the "cleaners" had been duly chastised. Right....
Not sure if this is a sign of the times or what but I was looking forward to a killer burger and fresh cut fries. LB Only delivered on half of that promise. The burger was nicely grilled, with a great char flavor, stacked with a good amount of condiments lovingly placed on a standard bun that was just the right size, however the fries left much to be desired. A large order for sure and reasonably priced, but undercooked frozen spuds does not equal fresh cut fries. After reading the menu board boasting of fresh cut fries, and observing the cook going into the walk in freezer to grab a bag of frozen fries I was a tad disappointed as they are worlds apart. Had a sip of a chocolate shake, thick, hand spun and noticed they have a great array of flavors. Chocolate flavor was there just not very intense. My biggest issue here is advertising fresh cut fries and then using frozen, it's just not cool. I understand if they need to cut corners these days to keep the doors open but please change the menu board to reflect this.
I've been to Haji-Baba's a couple of times now and I must say... my visits have not been met with consistency in the quality of their food.  Haji-Baba is SUPER popular as you can see by the Yelp reviews of this place.  The main reason for their popularity I think is due to their prices.  Their prices are almost ridiculously low for the portion sizes you get when compared to other Mediterranean ~ Greek type of restaurants.     I did find something I liked at Haji-Baba. I recommend you try their Gyros.  It's a really good Gyros and is one of the best in the Phoenix metro.  They don't shave their Gyros meat like at the other places.  They cut their Gyros meat off in long chunks, different sizes.  This adds another level of "delicious-ness" when compared to Gyros at other locations.  They OVER STUFF their Gyros with meat, a small amount of tomatoes, red onions and pickled wild cucumbers with some tzatziki sauce.  The pickled wild cucumbers were unexpected and a nice change from other plaecs that serve Gyros.  My Gyros needed a bit more tzatziki, but my server was slammed and forgot it, oh well.As for everything else on their menu ~ meh, I've had better.  Their dolmades, rice and kibbee all tasted old and over cooked.  The shawarma and falafels also tasted over cooked and were very dry for my liking.  Restaurant location and condition~ 2 to 3 starsService ~ 3 starsFood ~ 2 to 3 stars (except for the Gyros which are 4.5 stars)Prices ~ 5 plus starsI'm looking forward to going back for another Gyros and maybe I'll try their hummus and/or a Greek salad on my next.  Hope to see you there.
I was born and raised in Germany.  I came here last night to entertain my boyfriend and his family.  We showed up at about 6:45 pm and I don't believe we were served before 7:45 pm.  The restaurant was packed as was the bar (which surprised me for being in that part of Mesa), so we seated ourselves in the bar, where we each had a drink.  $21 bucks, not bad for four.  I had my "dreckigen" (the 'dirty'), or "coke-beer" for those who don't know, and it was refreshing.  They serve you in large glasses too but the beer is so smooth, it really goes down easy. When we were seated and looked at the menu, none of us could decide on one thing.  It all looked great and of course, by now we were just starving.  We each made an order, I got the "Schweinebraten" (Pork with dumplings and sauerkraut).  We were then served bread and asked to help ourselves at the full salad bar.  The salad bar had lots to offer, and certainly helped to hold us over for dinner. I was a little embarassed how long it finally took to get our food.  It's pretty custom to have to wait for your meals in Germany.  When you order, you must expect a wait of at least 30 minutes but I wasn't accustomed to that anymore (call me americanized!).  But fortunately everyone was fine (thanks to the great bread and salad bar) and we weren't in a rush. Once dinner finally came (and the restaurant started to clear out slowly), everyone seemed happy with their dish.  I really should have ordered a Schnitzel, the pork was too 'smokey' for me, and the dumplings were not the kind I enjoy, but if you enjoy pork, you should be able to enjoy this dish.  I was trying to be 'different' and go for something 'new' but usually there is a reason why you like what you like and why you should probably stick to what you like ;)Point is, we all had a good time, the plates were big, we went home with left overs, I think it was a nice experience and I do recommend it.Just make sure you get the Schnitzel or Wurst next time ;)
Another good meal at a chain restaurant. Stopped by for lunch one afternoon and had a seat at the bar. I had the Tempura Battered Mahi Sandwich and my hubby had the Smoked Salmon Fish & Chips and it was not even a Friday. Both fish entrees very fresh and were fried to perfection. It was affordable and I believe I will be back to have the same. Sometimes there are special beers available not on the menu so ask the bartender.
It's going on two years since my original review of this Smashburger, so here goes a little Update:Everything is still great here, so I would refer you back to my original review.  It's still the same except that the menu has expanded significantly & they now serve beer!  With or without the new items, this is my favorite hamburger (& Malt) place in the whole world!!     :-))Today's feast was an Arizona Big Smash ($6.99), Fries ($1.99), & a Chocolate Malt ($3.99) = $12.97.Ok, it's a little pricey, but WOOHOO, do they ever deliver a great meal!     :-))
I stopped in to get a quick lunch with my friend.  We decided to get a full size turkey bacon avacado sub and split it.  Glad we did because they ended up being about 8 inches long each!  The owner(?) didn't seem to mind at all either and was very nice and friendly.  Its a great combination and I thought the bacon was kind've crunchy but very tasteful.  Its not one of those very thin microwavable kind.  However, I thought it was very hard to eat.  The bread is basically sliced in half (so there's no "end wall" to eat against), and then meat, tomatoes, onion, avacado and bacon was stacked high in between.  And I mean high.  Its like the kind of sandwiches you see in a cartoon except unfortunately my mouth can't stretch out real wide like the characters usually do.  All in all it was the most difficult and messy sub I've ever eaten.  Also, I wasn't a big fan of putting a whole slice of onion on the sandwich.  I love onion, but I like it kinda split up and spread over the whole thing, not a whole slice in the middle.And I'm right there with the whole styrofoam/soup thing.  I watched as they do it and was very glad I didn't get any.I think I would come back and try something else.  Its just that I would have to eat it in private...
Oh, what a wonderful feeling... Picture this: A Young Woman moves from a city known for its Asian fare and bubble (boba) tea - only to discover her new Dessert Playland is devoid of her favorite sweet treat. We're talkin' about all types of bubble tea, including mixtures with different flavored jellies. We're talking Boba Heaven. So, imagine the vast disappointed of said Young Woman when she realizes she's traded her Asian District fare and Boba for Mexican Food Mecca and Horchata. Not that there's anything wrong with any of this... except a world without boba is a sad, sad world. Enter Eba. When I stopped here the other day for the first time, I had very low expectations. I was imagining limited options. Oh? Boba Tea of only milk and tapioca? Bummer. Little did I know that Eba is the real deal.I walked up to the register. Me: "Do you have coffee jelly?"Owner: "Yes."Me: "I love you!" I jumped for joy. I ordered an iced coffee latte with coffee jelly. Talk about a blast from the past I never thought I'd have again. (Let alone find in Phoenix!)Eba is now - by far - one of my favorite places in Phoenix!
This was the first and last time I will visit this sunny establishment. Please let me start by saying don't be fooled by the name thinking you may get some spice in your meal when visiting this establishment. I would like to enlighten any potential consumers on the epic failure of the evening I just experienced. Failure number one, they had our reservation incorrect and multiple times mentioning that we had made the reservation incorrectly. Failure number two, your menu on-line does not match your actual menu. When you say you have Hatch green chili on the menu make sure you can actually serve it. Multiple times I asked about the spice and was told it was very spicy, and was disappointed at the lack there of. I am a lover of New Mexico green chili, so if you compare your food to it you shouldn't be light years off on the descriptions.Third failure of the night was dumping a full ice cold drink down the side of my leg and back of my pants. Not only was I upset at the fact you soaked my jeans, but then offended at the idea the server was going to get a blow dryer and dry off my pants. If I wanted to wear my jeans straight out of the washing machine, I would have done so but thank you to the service staff, they took liberty of doing that for me. So, you want me to take off my pants to blow dry them you say, failure number four. Epic failure number five was the sub-par meals that followed along with the "flaming" drink that is not worth ordering The food was by far the worst thing of the night, which compared to everything else would seem like nothing. If you think you are going to get food, turn around and go back home and eat a bean burrito.  After all that we attempted to salvage the evening with some humor, but then comes failure number six. When the bill arrives we were told that although the server dumped a drink all over me, nothing could be done to adjust the bill. It was just a little liquid as I was reminded by the server AND the manager. I wasn't looking to make a scene but when I stood up from the table, someone asked me if I had an "accident" (I'm 29 and housebroken). Even to this point, I was just annoyed. This brings us to failure number 7, when paying for the bill we presented our overly intelligent server a $50 visa card and asked her to run the card for that amount, and came back letting us know it was declined. In surprise, I look up the account information on my phone to only see of the $50 loaded on the card the previous day a $48 charge was in the transaction history for Fire and Spice. When we asked the server, she responded by asking if we had ever stayed in a hotel before and how there is an "incidental" charge which is why the card didn't go through. I asked for the manager at this point, who felt it was okay to tell me again that the bill was now being discounted because of the small spill on me. So after showing him the charge on-line he then got his second level manager. Oh boy, if you are in the mood for being told you are an idiot, this is the guy to talk to! Failure number 8. When you walk into a customer service situation as the second level manager in an issue, normally one would look to diffuse the situation and not escalate it. Not this guy, he enjoys full confrontation with customers. Not to mention he also witnessed the events of the night unfold and rather than offering to make the situation better, he chose the much higher route of saying that clearly our card was declined because there wasn't enough money on it even after seeing the transaction history of the card, with their establishment as the only charge. Nothing he said made sense and walked away as if we bothered him by asking for an explanation of the charge. So here's to you manager's of Fire and Spice at the Sheraton Hotel in Tempe, AZ.. keeping it classy and bringing in customers to make them feel warm a fuzzy inside. Beware hospitality is at it's finest in this establishment!  WINNING!!!!
If you're looking to eat a fancy schmancy finger licking good burger, then you should hit Zinburger.I had a veggie burger, with one of the yummiest bloody marys in town...baconized goodness in a tall glass of awesomeness, no lies. My friend had the Tukey burger and LOVED it. Now, that is saying a lot since she doesn't enjoy eating any kind of meat. We both shared some sweet potato fries, that just hit the spot. On another occasion I had the Zucchini Fries and THE Zinburger and a Bananas Foster shake...it shook my world, oh yeah. Enough said...Check it out.
Was here this past Sunday at a UYE with about 10 of us sharing a table.  One of the first things I noticed was the bright orange/gold chair covers with white tablecloths on the tables.  There were a LOT of tables and quite a few of the women walking around with huge carts of all kinds of Dim Sum.I'm sure glad I was there with people who knew what they were ordering; this was my first time doing Dim Sum and I had no clue at all what was going on.  I'm really not that much of an adventurous eater, I passed on the tripe and the chicken feet.  I did like everything I ate especially the sticky rice wrapped in tea leaves, the pork buns, and the custard.  What a value this was too.  I thought we had a huge amount of food and for the price of only $10 a person including tip, I thought more than reasonable.  I was prepared to pay twice that amount.  Maybe I shouldn't give them any ideas. hah!  Regardless, it was a great experience and a whole lot of fun.  Can't wait for the next UYE Dim Sum :)
This is the original Macayo's and man has it seen better days. The decor is old. The carpeting is tired. The plates are chipped and scratched up. The service is crap and the food is NOT what it is at other Macayo's around town. It took our server 10 minutes to come and get our drink order. One member of our party ordered a Coke and it was totally flat. It took her another 10 minutes to replace it.  I had a chicken taco and the chicken tasted canned. The server spilled salsa all over the table and took forever to come back to clean it up. One member of our party ordered a bean and cheese burrito enchilada style and got a beef and green chili burrito with verde sauce...and then our server seemed befuddled when we asked for her to replace it with what we actually ordered.Honestly, I have eaten in better dive-Mexican places than this Macayos. Definitely skip this spot.
Thanks Trish for planning tonight's UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) at Centro Paninoteca, and thanks Casey, Steve, and Jody for taking such great care of our group!What a pleasure to sit outside and enjoy wine and live music (from David "Axis of Ebel" E) and to hang with a good sized group of yelpers!I wasn't feeling 100% so I didn't partake in the appetizers or panini sandwiches but based on the appearance of the plates and delighted expressions from those who did, I'll have to return for sure!I'll update my review at that point... if you didn't make it tonight, it seems that every Wednesday is Wino Wednesday at CP - you can't beat the unpretentious atmosphere and $5 glasses of wine!
If the food and salsa weren't off the hook incredible, I would have given just 1 star.  Apparently I went to LCGTS on a really bad night.  But they pulled off a tasty miracle.  My pal and I went to LCGTS on our way to see Cheech and Chong at the Dodge Theater.  So we were up for some good Mexican food munchies.We walk in and there is a line... okay no big deal.  BUT there were no forks (we had to eat with spoons and fingers).  There were no napkins, and the salsa bar was bone dry.  I mean the salsa trays looked like they had been licked clean by a starving dog.  They were able to replenish the salsa but they completely ran out of forks.  We got no chips and no drinks.  We had to beg the poor, nice girl who was completely stressed out.  They were a tad understaffed.  It was a "trip".  But somehow they managed to bring out my dish.... a Chicken Mole burrito and a Carne Asada Steak taco.  OMG were they amazing.  The flavors of those dishes and the flavors of the AMAZING salsa were just super.  The meat in that taco was cooked to perfection.  Crusty bits of steak that had a crunchy sear but were still very tender on the inside.  I didn't mind not having a fork.While we were there, they LOCKED the door, just like Cheech Marin did in the Vampire den in "From Dusk till Dawn".  We were locked in as prisoners.  Apparently they were closing down at 6:45 p.m. due to being understaffed and not having forks or more salsa.  Luckily, my buddy and I were the last people to be served.  I will definitely go back.
Holy Elephant Balls, Buddha! This place is incurrydible!!! Okay, okay I'll stop.So my wife and I decided to hook up for lunch.  She works downtown so I decided to head down that way and pick her up.  I suggested Thai Elephant because I had never been, and she raved about the Pad Thai she had ordered a couple weeks ago.  It's located on Adams just West of Central Ave., and parking is scarce.  Make sure to have some change for the meter!I knew I was at home when I saw the "People Love Us On Yelp" sticker on their door.  It was about 1 pm so the lunch crowd wasn't in FULL effect.  There were about 10 empty tables in which we had our pick. We sat by the window.  My wife ordered the Drunken Noodles with Chicken (a la medium), and I ordered the Green Curry with Chicken (a la medium).  A round of Thai Tea was also added to the bill.  Our food came out in about 4 minutes, which came as a shocker! Yes, I said shocker... I was pleasantly surprised!The moment I slammed my chompers onto the emerald dripping chicken, I became green with envy. Envious of all the people who have eaten here in the past and had such a precious secret hidden up their sleeves.  I sniffled a bit, but not from emotion.  It was the green curry and its beautiful spices stroking my mucus glands in just the right way.  A bit of rice and a sip of the Thai Tea (I'll get into in a second) and I was right back on track.The Thai Tea. Ooohhhh, the Thai Tea!  It was $2.50 and twice as large as the ones I order from The Street.  It was like being chosen by Ganghis Khan to sit alongside him in Xanadu and drink the Milk of Paradise (Rush Reference).  It was sweet, as you would expect paradise to be, and creamy. I began to float out of my chair and harpies wiped my nose as I sipped the golden brown goblet of goodness.Service was SpectacularFood was FabulousPortions were PhenomenalDare I say it? 5 Big Ones, Mr. Elephant... and I shall return!
For the freshest, most authentic Thai cuisine - look no further than Siam Thai. Modestly located in a little strip mall on the northeast corner of Northern and 51st avenue, this little gem will not disappoint.First, the wait staff is some of warmest and friendliest, and strive to remember your preferences, from what you like to drink to your favourite table and spice level.Soony, the chef - a native of Thailand is extremely accommodating and will make every effort to visit your table even if he  and his staff are backed up in the kitchen.  His culinary skills were honed at The Four Seasons Resort. He is most appreciative of the patrons that support him, and and is very diligent to accommodate your preferences.From the appetizers (satay: my favourite) - the peanut sauce is made from scratch, to the nam sod salad and the entrees (the curries are brilliant), and the pad thai is not as  sweet as some American thai restaurant counterparts. The stir fry eggplant dish is wonderful as well. For dessert, you cannot go wrong with the mango and sticky rice. This restaurant is quite a ways for me to drive (50 miles round trip), but it is well worth it considering the exquisite food, the low key atmosphere, and delightful wait staff.
Although Stax was not at the top of my list for a nice lunch, I was glad we decided to try it.  Simple menu of 3-oz sliders with some more unusual  meat choices in addition to beef  (ostrich, buffalo, lamb, salmon...), salads, sides, and a few desserts.  I was surprised to find a full bar.  Layout is like a contemporary diner with the bar taking the place of a counter.I tried the turkey burger which was actually a little dry, but with grilled pineapple and fresh guacamole, I really didn't notice.  I found one to be enough with a side dish.  My husband had an ostrich slider and a kobe beef slider-he liked them both.  Selection of toppings is huge.  We also had red potato salad which was okay and sweet potato fries which were excellent.  We tried the key lime stack for dessert.  Not really pie, not really cake, sort of like a layered cheese cake, not bad but a little disappointing.Service was excellent.  We ordered chipotle aioli but received ketchup by mistake.  To compensate, our server brought a platter with a sampling of all their aiolis.  Very nice gesture.  The manager also stopped by our table to make sure everything was to our liking and to thank us for coming in.The only thing that may turn some people off is they bring the dishes as they are ready-so salad came out first, fries next, burgers last.  I enjoyed the little courses, but if you have to have the fries with the burger, ask.  Otherwise, you'll have a lonely little burger on your hands.  Will definitely return to try the Mac n Jack I was drooling over at a nearby table.
Lolo's is my dirtiest secret. Well, it's one of 'em anyway. I don't care where I live in AZ, all roads lead to this joint. I'll admit, on my first trip, I was scared. Scared I wouldn't find the joint. Scared I'd park illegally in the non-lot. Scared I wouldn't get a seat. And finally, scared of what fried chicken with gravy and onions would actually taste like.None of my fears were warranted. There's ample street parking at Lolo's. If you have to hoof it a little to get there, you'll appreciate the walk back to the car. And you'll need it to burn off a fraction of what you've just put down. At peak times, things get a little hectic inside. There's not much of a waiting space but the Lolo's staff is friendly and helpful, they'll get your butt in a seat as quickly as they can. They'll also guide you toward places to stand where you won't be a hazard to the heavy trafficking of chicken, collared greens, mac and cheese and, of course, waffles going on. Once you're seated, eat it all. Seriously though, there's a Lolo's platter for everyone and plenty of sides. Service is friendly and efficient without be hurried or quick. That said, this place is all about the food. It's my favorite place to take out-of-town guests. In short, Lolo's is the type of place that Phoenix can be proud of.
I work in the South West and I feel like if you don't want to eat at chain restaurant you're only other option is Tex Mex.  Don't get me wrong I like the Mex it's the Tex that throws me.  Luckily, there are some pretty good ones and Richardson's in Phoenix is one of them.Both David and I ordered the Blue Corn Smoked Turkey Enchiladas and an order of Guacamole.  The moment the Guacamole arrived David dumped our salsa all up on it. "Trust me," he says.  He was right the guacamole salsa combo was delicious.  So too were the Blue Corn Turkey Enchiladas.  The turkey meat was moist, yummy, and had just the right amount of smoke.  We both went with the green chile and we definitely didn't regret the choice.  I'm becoming a bit of a green chile snob and Richardson's does a good job.The interior looks like a Mexican cultural museum.  The walls and booths are very organic in appearance and designed to look like a pueblo.  I though the copper table tops were a nice touch.  The service was prompt, but nothing too special.  The u shaped bar in the middle of the restaurant seems to be a bit of a hot spot for locals.  With good food and great ambiance, Richardson's will definitely be added to my go to list when in Phoenix.1 Guacamole2 Turkey Enchilada---------------------------$32
"Overpriced and adequate" said the husband.  They didn't have the food I ordered, so I settled on the Cadillac burger with all the fixins.  But cheese is extra and wasn't melted. And by "fixins" they mean one leaf of lettuce that was dehydrated and a couple of red onion rings (tomato was missing probably due to the scare going on at the moment).  The burger itself was cooked the way I like it, but it was over-salted.  The fries were battered with a completely flavorless coating that was orange but not at all seasoned.The husbands steak was chewier than to be expected for the cut and his potatoes were undercooked.The service was incredibly slow, but the waitress was nice enough to take off the drink that we had to send back for being too sweet.2 meals, 3 drinks, 1 dessert - $76I could have gone to a much better restaurant for those prices.  I feel kinda hosed, but I shouldn't be surprised about it because it is still mall food.
First, bring cash.  Second, don't spend too much time deciding.  Third, order a lot. Do these things and you won't rock the boat and you will get some of the better pork in Phoenix.
When some co-workers suggested going to a place called Two Hippies, I wasn't sure what to expect. It sounded fun, so I accepted. I was trying to eat locally after all.As soon as we pulled up, I noticed the funky decor. I LOVED it!! There was also a large outdoor seating area. You order inside (there was barely room for three of us to be inside at once), and then they brown bag your order and write your name on it. Tacos are $3/ea. or 3 for $6. I opted for 3 tacos. I was expecting standard street tacos, but I got so much more. My carne asada tacos came with the standard onion and cilantro, but also had rice, beans, cheese, and cabbage. I wasn't a fan of the cabbage, but the tacos were delicious otherwise.Canned sodas are $1.
so everyone was talking about these carvel cakes and asking about locations. I always drive by this schlotzkys and see the little carvel sign. I had a bad experience with the beyond disgusting carvel cakes from the grocery store and pretty much decided that it was just a nasty, poor quality product. well, i got over myself and decided to try it, and oh man it was good!!! it was thicker than frozen yogurt but not as solid as ice cream and the flavors were rich. I had the small swirl in the waffle cone and it was huge! the waffle cone was not as good as cold stone but it was sweet and crunchy and still totally delicious. i am totally a fan. i will just have to stay away from the gross grocery store cakes. try it!and as far as schlotzkys? i like the original w no mustard and their pizzas.
I am a regular TJ's visitor. They have their pros and their cons, but I keep going back because the quality of their food is excellent and their prices are super affordable. Some of my favorites: Pesto Tortellini Bowl (so good and perfect for lunch), excellent array of protein/snack bars (love me some Luna), Lychee (the only store I know of to sell it...when it's in season), tasty on-the-vine tomatoes, and their Olive Oil Popcorn makes the perfect snack. I also really love that you can mix and match bottles of beer to make your own six pack. Great idea!All in all, I love Trader Joe's. My only complaint is that their produce isn't always the best. It tends to be somewhat bruised or too ripe so I'd rather go elsewhere for my fruit. But my weekly TJ's visits will definitely continue.
Rand H. and I went here for lunch and the food was good and the place was nice. It was early 11:00AM so we had the place to ourselves. But I wasn't over joyed by it. If you want this kind of food it's one of the few places like it in the valley.The owner was there greeting and serving the drinks. But there were two or three empty trays. I did as Norm R. suggested and sampled everything I thought I might like and went back for full servings of what I liked. I gave it three stars.
I'm a women of the nineties, where coffee places sold coffee and offer a place of solace. And this coffee house has stayed true to their roots. No drive-thrus, no microwaved breakfast sandwiches, or shelves full of music CDs. If you're in the Peoria/Glendale area, It's A Grind is a great place to pick up your morning fuel for the daily grind. My coworker and I have started coming in every morning on our way to work around the same time - and each time, we've gotten fast and friendly service and their various coffee flavors are delicious. Our first time there, they gave us samples of their winter blend coffee and it was divine. I've tried other flavors, but I now love their winter blend coffee on the rocks! I appreciate how the ladies actually say "thank you" and are genuine about it, which makes me want to come back everyday.
I'm feeling mighty generous because last night was the second time we've been to Moira and they remembered us. Le sigh...So, their reverse happy hour on Friday starts at 10:30 p.m.! Who in their right mind is up that late? Well, I guess it was us, last night. Pretty solid specials; but their regular menu is rather nice, too. The sake bombers are tops, although I'd like it to be served in a larger glass. Wait, what's that? You get buzzed faster with a the smaller glass?? You don't say. Nevermind; scratch that.The sushi is good, but I'm up for sushi pretty much any time. While it's not the best in the world, it's leaps and bounds from the worst. Doesn't really sound like a compliment when it's put that way, but seriously, Moira is good, 4-star sushi for downtown Phoenix.Factor in the Asian Mario Lopez and you have a 5-star deal. :swoon:
Petite Maison, you may earn the title of petite in the size of your little Maison but your food earns the title of grande! The appearance of Petite Maison earns a point because it's this adorable little cottage situated in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Old Town. True to its French roots, the stucco exterior is full of greenery and flowers and resembles a cottage straight out of a french children's book. It's just as dainty inside. When you first walk in, it's similar to walking into an enchanted cottage with a bar on the left and intimate dining on the right. The patio is hidden and covered with plants. While petite, it really is the perfect size for the concept. The food is tres bon. I've tried their two specialties: the salmon braconne and the burger Maison. My goal is to try everything on the menu but for now I think I've gotten le creme of the crop in the cuisine department! Normally more of a sandwich girl myself, I heard that the salmon salad was pretty spectacular so I had to give it a go. The reviews don't lie my friends. It's delicious. It's buttery, delectable, refreshing and literally melts in your mouth. The poached salmon is cooked to perfection and I wish I had the entire salad and not just half! However, the burger was just as spectacular as I hoped as well. With the brioche bun and gooey cheese, it also melted in your mouth and the bread was as soft as can be. Next on my list is to try the Croque Monsieur because if it's anything like the food I've already tried, then I know my taste buds are in for a treat! All in all, Petite Maison lends for an adorable experience and I think this would be a good restaurant to go with friends, your Mom or even on a date. Or all of the above! The staff is incredibly friendly and I wish they would place petite maisons all over the valley! We need more french dining like this.
If Vitamin T is any indication of what's to come for the DT PHX dining scene, I think we're in good shape, kids.  Dropped in on T for a quick work-day lunch and had two tacos for $5.  The barbacoa is very flavorful and the pork has a perfect kick of spicy heat.  The tacos are small but they don't skimp on the ingredients and give you plenty of meat resulting in a great combo of flavors.  The space is small but they were efficient and moved quickly to serve meals.  The staff was friendly and they seem to pay attention bc my meal was handed to me and they didn't call my number.  I recommend grabbing food to go bc I am sure it gets very crowded over lunch time.  I hope to visit again and sit outside. Hooray for tasty outside dining options in DT.  Thanks Vitamin T, you make me feel healthy.  Sign up on their website for deals. http://eatmoretacos.com/
We came here Sunday for lunch.   Wow, what a great time we had.  Lots of parking in the lot and nice and cool inside,as it was a scorching hot day out there.   There was no line even though it was about 1:00pm. We were seated at the perfect booth for two.They brought water right away, then our drinks while we getting our food.You just do not know where to start. The selection is just like Vegas Baby.  Only $35.00 plus tax for 2. Which is called Sunday Champagne. We did not drink any alcohol, but you can get it if you like.  The food is fantastic.  Seafood, meat, chicken, Salmon was excellant!    It had a steady flow of people but, no line ever.  With Prime Rib and Ham, even an Omlette bar. Lobster Omlette.....Real mashed potaoes as well.Rest rooms were shiny and clean.  We will be back very soon.
if you want to fit in san tan valley here is a step by step guide.1. be really proud of yourself for buying a super cheap house in the middle of nowhere. but don't tell anyone the location bc the moment you do people are less impressed.... and more turned off. 2. bc of #1, you can afford rims on your car. be sure to buy the ugliest  ones possible. people here prefer black rims with chrome outline.3. roll down your windows4. tune your radio to rap music 5. blast it really loud6. drive with your left arm only, straight out, and lean back. be sure you wear your wrist watch on this arm so that others can see it out your window. bonus points if you wiggle your wrist pretending to adjust the watch, but really you just want it to sparkle under the light.im not exaggerating, we saw about 10 different cars like this while eating our china chef. (i just checked out someone's profile who lives in san tan valley. first person i clicked on listed interest: purple drank. what are the chances? i rest my case.)this whole review is an embarrassment, but it must be said. don't ask why i was in this part of town last night, but i was. and we were waiting for a long time in this shopping center and hadn't had dinner. china chef of burger king? china chef it is! the food wasn't disgusting, actually it was just meh but edible and better than BK (on 2nd thought, maybe if i find myself in that horrible town/shopping center i will do BK). the space was clean and blah blah blah.  that's not the problem. the problem is that the meal doesn't come with a gas mask for later. and my body wasn't the only one having issues with this food. for the record, i've eaten my fair share of questionable food and i have never had a reaction like this. shhuuuuuuuuu-weeeeeeeee.
I went for the first time ever on Tuesday night with a group of friends. We sat down to order food and drinks. It wasn't a particularly busy night, and workers were just standing around and goofing off. We sat at a table and the server did not seem excited in anyway to take our order. I ordered a beer that took over 5 minutes to get to me. There is no reason it should have taken so long. She also was slow at getting us more drinks when we were low. Our food arrived pretty quickly though and we chowed down. We were ready to play some games after the beer and food, but we ended up waiting and waiting for the server to come by. She never did so we ended up having to grab a manager to get our tab. BOOOO, BAD SERVICE. I was not impressed.The games were a lot of fun, and the happy hour is a tremendous deal. I'm severely disappointed the service wasn't better, otherwise this review would have been 4 stars.
Once again i have found an all time favorite dish at this fine establishment.The House Chicken! If you do not like mushrooms what so ever or do not care for spicy food i do not think this will appeal to you. Oh my god it is out of this world! I do not think i could consume it every day back to back but every other day or once a week would be my preference.  Its even amazing when its warm not burning hot temp. wise.  I will edit this review and add in more as i try more on the menu to keep you all posted. So for anyone who wants a little spice and kick in your mouth with yummy mushroom this is for you! :D
What I really like about this place is the fresh toppings. The yogurt flavors I've had there are okay but I wish they would mix the yogurt with the toppings, or give you more toppings so when you've finished the top layer you have more goodness to come (that would be Blissful - no pun intended). This is a great location to come and enjoy a good treat while you are walking around Mill Ave, but it's kinda tucked away and if you didn't know it was there already, you may never find it. Maybe they could advertise a little better? One more thing, I went here for the first time towards the end of 2008. I went back a few months later and it was closed for some reason and going to re-open later that month...I don't know what the reasoning was or if that is a regular thing, but you may want to call to make sure they are still open before you stop by for a treat :)
Aside from being a $ date spot (that's "money" like how Trent in Swingers would say it, not like "expensive"), they have an excellent wine selection and great service. It's picked up steam the past couple years and has made a name as a trendy spot to drink wine and eat gourmet pizza, so be ready to squeeze into a table if you come in a large group. IMHO, it's worth it (don't hate on the acronyms, folks). The food is legit and the wine is good. Considering all the attention it seems like this place gets, it hasn't gotten a big head about it. The prices are more than fair and the ambiance is invariably on point. It makes for a great double date or group outing spot as a precursor to a night out in Old Town.
This place is awesome. There's plenty of parking and I park my car far enough away to avoid all the bad drivers, after all, this is primarily an Asian Superstore. But there's also a melting pot of all types of shapes, sizes and nationalities shopping for a taste called home of their native foods. They have their aisles clearly marked by nationality whether it be from Japan, Argentina, Brazil, Africa, Philippines, Vietnam, etc.I've been here a few times and the best time to avoid the frenzied crowd is late afternoons or evening (especially on the weekend). You don't want to go toe to toe with one of those mama-sans that's on a mission. Lee Lee sells just about anything you can imagine. My wife even bought an ice shaver along with the sweet beans to make her Halo Halo (Filipino style). The workers at the store are always happy to help you find things as was the case of the ice shaver. My kids bought their favorite Korean treats; correction, I bought their favorite Korean treats. We bought a pound of ground pork, for way less than your average grocery store, to make some egg rolls (boy were they good). Their selection of meats and fish is ginormous!But the main mission this past weekend was to snag those large manila mangoes for our weekly smoothie requirements. 12 mangoes with each about the size of my foot for $12, woo-hoo! I've become addicted to this place and will be back this weekend.
My friend David and I arrived at Oregano's around noon on a weekday. I was hoping there would be outdoor seating, as natural light is so much better than fluorescent lights for food photography! Luckily, there were open tables on the back patio, so we were showed immediately to a table protected from the sun by an umbrella. David was quite surprised by the fact that we didn't have to wait. In the past, he'd waited for anywhere from 45 minutes to over an hour to get a table. Oregano's is notoriously busy--and w/notoriously slow service.Aside from being HUGE, the menu is packed full of dishes. Surprisingly, there are no mozzarella sticks listed under the appetizers. Instead, pick from items like stuffed mushrooms and Italian guacamole, each averaging around $5-6. We passed on the appetizers, going right for the heartier stuff.David suggested we have pizza, as he'd had it in the past and really enjoyed it. We considered getting a whole pie, which is available in thin, pan, or deep-dish crusts. Specialty pizzas at Oregano's are particular inventive. Take the 'Frisco, for example ("A tomato cream sauce covers this baby, topped with spiced feta cheese, bacon, diced roma tomatoes and cheddar cheese"), or Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato ("This family favorite is made with our red pepper pesto, Grandma's special roasted garlic chicken, diced roma tomatoes, gorgonzola, sliced potatoes, havarti, our four cheese blend, caramelized onions and fresh rosemary"). David also ordered a small dinner salad ($2.99) for us to share. Our waiter explained that the salad would take longer than the pizza (huh?), so he said he'd have things timed so that the salad and the pizza would arrive at the same time.After we put in our orders, I watched as other tables were served their food. A number of other diners ordered salads, each of which appeared to contain a serving of greens more suited for a giraffe.Fewer tables ordered pastas, but a couple options there looked pretty good. I'm not such a ricotta fan, but if I were, I'd be ordering the Big 'Ol Ravioli for $9.29: "A large 6" ravioli (1/4 lb) stuffed with ricotta and other Italian cheeses, slathered with our meat sauce, then baked with cheese on top." Just thinking about it makes me want to play Frisbee...If you're not hungry enough for a flying disk of stuffed pasta, go for some layers instead. Four different lasagnas, all priced at $9.29, seem like a good options for those who are willing to wait 30-45 minutes for a special dish. The chicken lasagna piques my interest, while the artichoke version combines an unusual ingredient in a very traditional dish. I wouldn't expect that sort of risk at a chain restaurant in Phoenix, of all places, but it's good to know that such options are available.In addition to the pizzas and pastas, Oregano's covers another base w/sandwiches. The sandwiches seem pretty typical of what you'd find at your local college pizzeria: meatball and Italian subs. In terms of quality, though, these sandwiches appear to be a step or two above University Pizza and Wings, the likes of which deliver to drunk coeds until 3 a.m. Oregano's subs are served on 10" rolls or focaccia. By the time I'd finished daydreaming and people watching--half an hour later--our food had arrived. The small salad was really anything but. The two of us still had leftovers, so the small salad would probably be a good side for three or so people. The fresh mixed greens contained nary a brown leaf. Topped w/tomatoes, red onion rings, and a surprisingly large portion of crumbled gorgonzola, the salad is a different take on the ho-hum house salad. I didn't fill up too much on salad, as I had pizza sitting in front of me. Each pizza turned out to be a quarter of a full pie, and each massive slice was served on a large, circular pizza tray. No matter how you eat the pizza, it's pretty darn good: the crust is very thin, but it's not crackery, and the bottom has a tad less char than I prefer; the cheese is mild, chewy, and a tad stringy; the toppings are fresh and plentiful. The amount of sauce may have been a tad much, and I also found it too sweet.If the marinara sauce doesn't satisfy your sweet tooth, the one dessert at Oregano's will. The pizza cookie is a half-pound cookie topped with three scoops of vanilla ice cream. For $4.99, this dessert is easily enough for four people.While Oregano's food is above average, the food is not worth the epic waits so common for a table at the restaurant. In a rush, Oregano's is the last place I'd want to eat. But on a leisurely night, when I don't mind waiting too long for a table or for my meal, I'll head back to Oregano's for its friendly service, reasonable prices, and above-average food.
Okay , what am I doing at a Filiberto's? That was the question of the evening, but it was Thanksgiving Eve and I had food to make , kids to quickly feed and my home from college daughter had a friend to meet nearby. So Filibertos it is. I ordered my traditional Mexican fast food  meal a  red  bean burrito.  Whoopee ..no big deal ..nothing to taste, blandness with  a wad of shredded cheese at the bottom...didn't get sick even though I have heard stories.   Place was clean and seemed  okay  . Girls thought theirs were just okay.  No harm no foul.  But I am not going back.
So, i've worked at two yummy burger places (Delux and Fez), so I think I know a good burger when I'm presented with one.  Two Hippies is yummy, nothing fancy, nothing incredible, but what do you expect for $5? I got yummy seasoned fries (which were soggy, but the irony is I LOVE soggy french fries!), and the burger had yummy carmelized onions, which is Delux's secret!The best surprise was the owner, his customer service was incredibly great! Best I've had in a long time. SUPER nice guy, and even gave my fiance a free soda! Gotta luv that Dark Cherry pop!Go, it's cute and fun!!
Wow, a whole list of less than stellar reviews and then two 4-5 stars in one day! By new reviewers even! That haven't reviewed another thing! WOW! What ever could have happened at Mama's to make not one but TWO brand new reviewers feel SO strongly about the quality of their experience there that they would bother to log on and  write a review? I truly want to like Bitzee Mama's. Really I do. So much so that I went back twice more. I know I can be bitchy occassionally so I try to give places more than one shot w/me. The food was average at best but the service just sucked. There were only about 4-5 tables occupied in the whole damn place but yet service was so bad that the customers, myself included, just started getting up and getting what we needed- refills, napkins, whatever. The one waitress, well, I'm not sure if she is truly just slow in the noggin, on drugs or crazy. I could go on but I think you get the picture. I  hope these other "4-5 star reviewers" had that good of an experience there and not just an extra 15 minute break as an incentive.
Heard about this place from one of my son's friends. Looked it up and fell in love with the idea of a fireplace and low lighting. So one weekday my girl and I met up for happy hour here and we both fell in love with the ambiance as soon as we entered. We came in the wrong door downstairs, and were a little confused as to where to go lol bar in the basement was full so we were directed up the staircase. The bar there was also full but lucky for us a couple decided to head down to the basement and free'd up the seats for us :) (bet they thought we came up from down there and emptied our seats at that bar .. suckers) .We sat down and it took a little while before we were helped, but the way we talk it didn't matter. We each ordered our drinks, prickly pear margaritas, which were absolutely delicious. Made with fresh squeezed lemon. We decided to order a few appetizers. Chile Relleno made with pork (even though I wanted duck), Ceviche and the  Beef Tenderloin toasts.  The chile relleno and toasts were to die for! The pork inside the relleno was smoky and tender and flavorful. So darn good! As were the toasts. I could have eaten two orders all by myself. The meat was so tender and tore apart with the toast without tugging. The cheese was creamy and just the right amount topping off a buttery toast. YUM!!  The ceviche was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. I will for sure order the toasts again and try the garlic plate. A couple next to us ordered it and it looked delicious. The staff and chef there were very nice and took great care of us! I canNOT wait to go back. I have been craving it since I left.  Definitely need to make a dinner date out of it too as the eggs benedict looked so darn good! I want to try one of everything!. LOVE YOU ROKERIJ!!!
Joy, joy, Happy Happy joy, joy!!!Have I mentioned I LOVE POTBELLY!?!?I LOVE POTBELLY!!!!I have eaten at other locations in IL for years and years! I love their chicken salad! I love their giardinera!! I love their OCC's!!!5th star is missing because, although the staff was friendly, they were not as familiar as other locations. OCC's are Oatmeal Chocolate Chip (cookie's). I did not come up with the nickname, my favorite location in Orland Park, IL calls them that! They are delicious, and it's fun to say OCC's. I was given a look of confusion here.When I asked for giardinera, I was given another puzzled look. I honestly couldn't tell you if it's called "Hot Peppers" at other locations, but I know what it is, and I have never called it hot peppers. It's delicious under any name.A Wreck is another delicious sandwich. I love that the sandwiches are toasted, but never overtoasted. Another plus is you can ask for the sandwich "skinny" (again, have no idea if they still advertise this, but I am a veteran customer) which means they scoop out 1/3 of the bread for those trying to cut carbs but realistically cannot live without bread!I like the Italian bread and the wheat, but I like the Italian bread more.Free wifi too :)I will be a frequent visitor for sure!!!
i use to go by here every day of the week and never knew this place was open. the parking lot always empty. in fact i've had several people i trust tell me how great this place was..and i never realized..THIS was the place they were talking about. gasp. so i came her with my BFF's family for fathers day. it was pretty damn good. after a very long wait and eventual long walk to the rear dining room we got seated. chips pretty tasty, sales pretty spicy. food was delish..i got carnitas and they were big porky chunks of awesomeness. they gave me large tortillas..which was ok cause i just tore off pieces to pick up meat. my one complaint...it reminded me of my highschool cafeteria. Jaguar Pride What!! anyways..the vast openess and still confined spacing of the restaurant. if there was a fire breakout..i don't think anyone would make it out alive tho. :(carnitas were bombdigity yaheard!! get on it. price is affordable, and the menu distinctly not, run of the mill "mexican food"
Came here for happy hour.  Great place and would love to try dinner here if I ever visit again.Location - Off Mills near Seventh. Price - Happy hour prices are great!  Half off all Wine by the GlassDraft Beer, and Mixed Drinks (except Housemade Cocktails & Martinis).  Even primo liquors like Grey Goose, etc are half off! Ambiance - Modern and stylish.  Fun to sit in the outside patio and people watch.Clientele - All agesParking - Structure off Seventh.Service- Excellent and attentive.Food/Drinks1. Bruschetta Plank - Choose four toppings.  Bread was sliced thin and crispy.  Good texture.  Came with four bread slices, each with a selected topping and sliced in half. Good for 1-2 people. a) Sun Dried Tomato & Goat Cheese - Very good.  Tart from the sun dried tomato, combined with a bit of fresh basil and goat cheese to provide creaminess and reduced balsamic vinegar for sweetness. b) Prosciutto, Fig & Truffled Marscapone - Creamy marscapone mixed with the saltiness of the prosciutto and sweetness of the fig.  Great topping, but my favorite was still a or c.  c) Roasted Artichoke - Canned artichokes and red bell peppers which was very refreshing. d) Sausage & Babaganoush - Recommended by our server but was the worst topping.  Tons of sausage, carmelized onions and a layer of babaganoush.  Just was blah and dry. The flavors didn't jump out at you.2) Peach/Pear Bellini- Refreshing but bland.  It was a slushy drink which was nice in the hot sun.  However, I couldnt' really taste the ingredients besides the bits of pear skin zest.  The pear zest was a bit overpowering at the bottom and made my throat itch.  The interesting part was that the bellini was topped with a pour of merlot which was good.
I don't think I get the Z Tejas paradigm.  I've gone here twice for work lunches on other people's dimes, and I can honestly say that the food doesn't make sense to me.  It's like they've taken great Mexican food dishes and then tried to yuppify them so they appear to be hip, trendy, and healthy.  They fail on all three counts and destroy the flavor in the process.This particular restaurant completely forgot about one person's food and he had to eat awkwardly after everyone else was already done.  They comped his meal, but since he wasn't paying for it anyway, it was no consolation to him.No me gusta!
3-2-1 Three words:  Bucket of Clams, Two words:  Happy Hour, One word:  Fantastic!Fresh seafood for awesome prices.  Fresh oysters on the half shell are $1.50 each.  They were soooo good.  We ordered two each, and then two more each, and then another two.  Do yourself a favor, and just order at least 6 for each person.  The bucket of clams for $13--so fresh--so good.  The clams are steamed and comes with clam juice and butter to dip, super simple, super delicious.  The shrimp toast is also a must--for $3.50 you'll never look at toast the same again!
If you enjoy crack in your tempura sauce, this place is for you. If you also think you can stomach massive amounts of raw fish and other such items involved with sushi, and only have $19.99 in your pocket... well then that's weird that you have exactly $19.99 in your pocket.Actually, I'm usually freaked out by All You Can Eat sushi, like it shouldn't really be a mass quantities-type food. But Mido has made me a changed man. It was better than some sushi places that are not served in mass quantities. And seriously... that tempura sauce. It's pretty... awesomely good/awesome.AND, if it's your birthday, they play you the "Hoppy Bahsday" song and you get party poppers! PAARRTYYY POPPERRRS!!! What more could you possibly ask for?!?!
Beyond 5 stars !!This is truly edible art - breathtaking presentation and harmoniously married ingredients that do not compete and awaken your taste buds.We first experienced Kai several months ago and have enjoyed several meals here.The service is impeccable ( way above par) .menu changes, yet all is phenomenal .High-lights ;Rubbed Lamb with Sage Infused Potato,Date jam.Pork Belly Roasted Shallot Marmalade .Tuna and Gooseberry Jalapeno Syrup.Poached Scallops on Pea Soup .Drink High- lights ;Red or White Sangria = OMG Cucumber, vodka ,tea bitters Honey pot , bourbon, amaretto,raw honey ,peach bitters ( my fave)Table settings are lovely ..peaceful ,serene atmosphere wraps you in warmth and hospitality as you " experience " the amazing culinary styling's of Kai.Smooches on you, Kai !
Went here recently with a lady-friend.  I've been dying to take her here and our vacation gave us the opportunity.She doesn't drink coffee and when she asked what the "barista" recommended that didn't have coffee in it he rudely said, "Go to Starbucks down the street."Despite my natural instinct to choke him, I quietly ordered a coffee as to not start my  vacation badly.My lady and I went outside to have our drinks.  The "barista" left is post and sat outside too, with his friends.  They went on to heckle and by heckle I mean shout loudly, at the ladies entering the tanning salon a few suites over.  They were shouting, "CANCER!", "SUN IS FREE, STUPID!" and such.  Hey, employee at Matador.  They know, they don't care.  Shut up.  I'm pretty sure that shouting at potential customers makes you the stupid one.Oh, yeah.  The coffee was a shadow of what it was and the chai latte my girlfriend got was awful.Never coming to this place again.Man, I miss Mario and co.
I have to tell you all that if you are planning a baby shower for anyone you should for sure check out the cup-cake cakes at Safeway. First of all, they are very affordable and second of all, they are too cute!  You know since you are at Safeway, you are going to get good service, but I have to say the bakery people are the best.  The cakes come in very shower friendly pink boxes and are ready in 24 hours.  I believe you can get cup-cakes cakes for any occasion but I highly recommend the shower ones!!Check out this baby girl cake I used for a shower I just hosted!!!http://i208.photobucket.com/albums/bb139/kfoxaz/519871893208_0_ALB.jpg
Eff you McDonalds, eff you! You told me you had "Real Fruit Smoothies" that were blended to perfection and offered at a reasonable price. You drilled that idea in my head for weeks with your incessant advertising on the sides of buses and mile high billboards with pictures of creamy, fruity smoothies that made my mouth salivate instantly. You knew that I loved smoothies so much that I would go to great and dangerous lengths to obtain one of your so called "Real Fruit Smoothies". You knew that even though I loathed you and everything you stand for, that I would risk it all, risk everything to venture into your mustard arches to try one of your smoothies. As soon as I walked in and looked around, I knew immediately that I didn't fit in. I won't get into specifics, but let's just say that many of your patrons have the "I don't have a job and I don't care because I get unemployment checks" look about them. Just sayin'. After I made my way through a throng of screaming kids running around barefoot, I finally made it to the counter. I decided to play it safe and order a strawberry banana smoothie thinking that you couldn't possibly mess that classic flavor up. I wasn't actually able to see you make this "Real Fruit Smoothie", as it was mysteriously whipped up behind the scenes in the back somewhere. I would say that next time I'll pay more attention, but unfortunately for you, there won't be a next time. After I made my way out of that hell hole and into the safety of my car, I took my first sip of your much hyped smoothie. I was instantly disappointed. By the time the liquid mush you call a smoothie hit the back of my throat, I knew that I had been duped. I took one more sip just to make sure that I hadn't missed something the first time, and threw the rest out. McDonald's....come on. You don't make a "Real Fruit Smoothie" by blending up strawberry juice and banana flavored puree with some ice and yogurt and call it a smoothie. You're supposed to use REAL FRUIT! That drink was about as "real" as Joan Rivers face, or Pam Anderson's boobs...you might fool some dumbasses out there, but I think most people would rather pay a few bucks more and get the real deal down the street at Jamba Juice.  I mean, how hard is it to mess up a blended drink? Congratulations McDonald's, you never cease to amaze me....
Loved it.  They've been in this spot 20 (twenty) years~!Clean, modern design.  Stainless steel tables, color coordinated chairs, white table cloth & walls and black ceiling.I used to feel guilty about giving out 5 stars, but not any more.If I really liked it, and I really think my friends should try it = 5 stars.Food I had was great, place was great, exceeded my expectations = 5 stars.*  Amazing egg roll had lots of fresh veggies and a hint of black pepper.*  Lettuce wraps were just as they should be, fresh with crunchies, crisp lettuce and a tasty sauce.*  Clay Pot Chicken with Asian Eggplant.  Hot (temperature) and perhaps a bit  "oily" for my dining companion (not me).It was a lot more than I expected.  The staff was small and friendly and they had REALLY COLD BEER... yum.Lived in Phoenix a long time and this was my first time here.Will return soon.
Okay, after 17 reviews that received either one or five stars, I'm actually writing a two star review (technically, I'd give them 2.5 stars but there's no mechanism for that). I feel it's my duty, being a transplanted east coast Jew, to weigh in on Jew food here in the valley.First, the positives: the food was pretty good. They didn't put any of those annoying coatings on their fries and when I said "extra lean" I got a corned beef sandwich w/o any fat. They also stocked one of my favorite sodas, a deli staple, called Doc Brown's diet black cherry. Yum!That doesn't sound too bad. So why the 2.5 stars, you ask? Okay, the negatives: the negatives all center around price. I paid $10 for a SMALL sandwich and fries. Now, don't get me wrong, I got enough to eat. But that's not the way a Jewish deli works. Half a sandwich and a side should be enough to eat. It is at every other Jewish deli I've ever been to. That way you can share or save the rest for later. Plus, I asked for an extra pickle. How dare I?! Little did I know when I made the request that they were going to charge me $1 FOR A FREAKIN' PICKLE SPEAR!!! THAT'S LIKE AN EIGHTH OF A PICKLE!!! I couldn't believe it! Add to that the cost of my beloved Doc Brown's $2.49 and I'm quickly going broke. But wait, there's more. I dared to order pastry.Now, there are several reasons I ordered pastry and none of them are particularly startling. First off, I'm never in a Jewish deli so I couldn't let the opportunity pass. Secondly, I'm a real sucker for apricot pastry and they had two different kinds. Third, they had mandelbrot, which is prominently featured in my novel so I wanted to try theirs and see if it's any better than what I get from Simply Bread (it wasn't). Though I only had nibbles of each of the three small pieces, just to try them, I paid $3.30 for the privilege.Will I go back there again? Probably not. While the food was okay, I feel like I was mugged. Kinda leaves a bad taste in the mouth. One even good Jew food can't get rid of.
Grilled Mackerel.  That is reason enough for me to come here.  Oh wait, your grilled mackerel entree comes with salad, yakitori, gyoza, and edame (the menu said udon, but I wasn't complaining)?  Holy crap I would drive across Phoenix for this place, easily.The deep fried yakitori is really something.  Is that tofu in the batter? The air in the place is pretty greasy, but I'm willing to overlook such things when the food is that good.  The Lady had the sukiyaki, which was ok, but very comforting.  Either way, she thoroughly enjoyed it.Ok back to that mackerel.  I've typically approached it with reservation at most places, but considering that this place didn't seem like your typical Japanese place, I decided to order it.  After a small bite, I just pciked the whole thing up with my chopsticks and gnawed away.  Damn it was good... moist... nicely cured... and charred.  Beware, however, that there will be bones in the thing.  When I mentioned to the owner how hard it was to find such good mackerel, he replied, "Thank you.... only Asian people eat that sort of thing."  I BAH!  Plenty of non-Asian people eat fish where the bones may still be in it!  Cure him of this misconception!So yeah it's really hard to come across a place like this, let alone a place with really good mackerel.  For those who live in cities where the vast majority of Japanese places concentrate on sushi (like I do), definitely hit this place up if you find yourself in the area.  For all you people in the Phoenix area, definitely visit this place to see what you guys have over the vast majority of other cities in the US.
Sat in the new bar and had me some rumFlight and vanilla mojito was mighty yum, yum!As it raged down my throat and warmed my tum, tumMade my body go numb, pervert hands now rubbing my baby's booty bum...Ordered the appletin rum, sea scallops next Definitely THE BEST, in the Southwest! With a spicy kick of zest!The crispy mango fish rolls, which were only so-soStill craving dem scallops-give me some mo! Give me some mo!Curry chicken with dumplings was my main mealTexture is dense if you like that type of appealComfort that'll make ya re-invent the wigga-wigga-wheelAnd kick off your hood rat heels!Boyfriend ordered the jerk chicken off da grillFinger-licking the last of his mealDamn, can I get a bite or do I have to steal?Prices, not too bad of a dealThis rum has got me coping a feel!Leaving room for some dessert The Blue Mountain Coffee has got me on full alertMan looking so good, got a girl doing the slurp, slurpHe's trying not to get hurt,As he reaches for the sweetLove'n, potato pudd'nOverall, Breadfruit was the bombFelt like I was in Jamaica, passing that bong :)
DISCLAIMER GLENDALE ADD IS NOT CORRECT** i sent a req to Yelp to fix it so until it changes over to 2050 W. GUADALUPE RDMESA, AZ 85202just ignore the Glendale add**on to the review... they dont open till Noon on Sundays and not till1pm on weekdays i believe..which i think is a little late, they could probably get more of a crowd if they opened a little bit earlier buuttt i dont own the place so wth am I ?? Outside it can be deceiving but inside it is a very large restaurant. They have two dining areas, a bar area, and dance floors as well. Speakers all over the place also. Apparently on Fridays 10-4am it is going to be a little club atmosphere with food ?? They have brunch on Sundays with complimentary mimosas( we were the only ones in the whole place till we left so we finished damn near a whole pitcher ... don't judge us :) we ordered fried okra, mac n cheese, rice n beans a breast and waffle dish and a 3 piece thigh and waffle dish. The okra was great, the beans and rice were pretty blah and sadly the mac n cheese was just mediocre.(i am a mac n cheese whore so i think i have a hand up in that category and it just did not tantalize my taste buds). Lover got the thighs and he liked my breast more (i totally could take that sentence to a different topic but im staying on food). The waffles were pretty good.  Now i am a girl who loves Roscoe's as well as LoLo's and i might have to give Julie's another chance to see if really match up. Julies is much closer to my house and would love to have a place like this that i loved but im not in love just yet. You know if i ever fell if i change my 3 star rating.
Stopped by Wedge & Bottle again recently to pick up a sandwich. While there, I noticed some improvements on the things I didn't like on my first visit. It appeared that they are offering drinking water for their customers (without charging by the bottle) now. Cool. I also observed them pouring some wines by the glass, and their pours are now very reasonable--not the pitiful one I received many months ago (*see old photo). So, it looks like they've taken some steps in the right direction.As far as my sandwich that I ordered recently...it was okay. I mean, the quality was great. And the preparation was perfect. It's just that the "fancy" cheeses they use are a bit robust for my (likely) unrefined palate. Just wish they also offered some "simpler" sandwich options as well. I'm not talking about bologna with American cheese necessarily, just something with a slightly less pungent backnote in the flavor.One of the employees recommended some beers to me as well. He was dead-on with his recommendations too. Very cool. I like trying new beers, and those were some quality ones I bought. I do wish they kept a few in a fridge as well so I could have enjoyed them that night though. It was sort of like bringing a kid to a toy store, buying him a shiny new toy, but making him wait until the next day before he could play with it. Excitement and a bummer all at once.Regardless, I am a fan of this place. It's a great concept; and it was really packed during my last visit, so they must be doing something right. I just don't see a need (yet) for me, personally, to visit more frequently.
After having read Chris B's review and then seeing them later the next day at the Wednesday evening Phoenix Market I decided to give them a try.  Initially looking and the Cajun Steak Jamburrito, after talking to the chef I decided to just go with the Cajun Steak Jambalaya bowl ($5.99). While waiting I was given a hush puppy to sample...light and crispy just like I like 'em.  Contemplating getting an order I figured it would be too much food.  I received my bowl of savory rice mixed with some veggies like peas, corn, carrot topped with a portion of spicy steak and some slices of sausage.  It was very much comfort food.  I did have to put a generous sprinkle of hot sauce to add a touch more heat and flavor but it was a very welcome addition.  While it didn't knock my socks or wow me, it reminded me of a few things I whip up at home now and again. I left content, full and happy I tried a new food truck.
I travel with a competitive speech team. We were recently in Arizona for a competition, and my team HAD to stop at the Heart Attack Grill- a member of my team is doing a speech about it, we couldn't get away without seeing the place firsthand!Upon arrival, we were immediately greeted by a smell that can accurately be described as "Fat, grease, and charred death." You know the smell that sometimes comes out of a burger restaurant- the slightly-singed, but otherwise-delicious smell of meat being grilled? This was a sick amplification of that. The smell alone was enough to drive several members of our party to pursue other options for dinner.As far as decor, the restaurant does a good job of sticking to an anti-doctor theme, with signs plastered all over the restaurant warning you of the unhealthy nature of their food, mandatory patient gowns for all diners, and waitresses dressed as cute nurses. But the food itself could be summed up with the word "Sickening," which actually works metaphorically and literally. Their shakes are incredibly sweet, but actually filled with ice cream, pure cream, and butter. Their fries are cooked in lard, and their burgers are excessively heavy and fattening. A burger and fries is really enough to fill up a fully-grown man, but the sensation of being completely filled by lard, meat, and grease is almost as disgusting as seeing one of the obese regulars scarf down a triple-bypass burger for free.The next morning, most of us who'd eaten there were still full. One of my friends said he "felt like [he] just blew the Hamburglar." Starting with the smell, and lasting all the way to the aftertaste the next morning, this anti-hospital is as novel as it is grotesque and excessive. I seriously almost threw up twice before I even tried anything, but I like to exercise and eat healthy. Other people didn't seem as disturbed by the place as I did, and to HG's credit, the things they serve actually maintain a stronger semblance to edible food than some other places I've eaten. It will definitely fill you up, and the theme is kind of cute.Nonetheless, I can't walk away from a restaurant feeling like I just destroyed my body and recommend it. I almost feel like the place is unethical for its  choice to give such flagrantly unhealthy meals. At the same time, the place is called HEART ATTACK Grill, and they don't make any effort to pretend they're doing anything other than providing the most unhealthy and disgusting food possible. With that, and the friendly service in mind, I can't justify any rating lower than 2/5. I'd definitely like this place more if they just used fresh ingredients, didn't cover everything in nastiness, and just stuck to making good burgers, fries, and shakes...but I realized that would just make them In-N-Out, and would kind of ruin everything this restaurant stands for.Disgusting? Yes.Necessary? No.Immoral? Decidedly no, since they clearly warn you about what you're getting in to.I'd eat here once, and NEVER again. It's a place fueled by novelty- go there only if you're inspired after watching Epic Meal Time on youtube.
4 days to Burritoholic!It all stared 4 days ago....just like any other ordinary day.  Someone mentioned I should check out this burrito place in lue of my usual.  I say, hey why not right.....wrong!!!!  Dam you Chipotle, dam you and your YUMMY food!  Monday was testing the waters, Tuesday was making some adjustments, Wednesday was fine tuning the little things, and Thursday I had it down to a science.  Oh ya, 4 days in a row for lunch.  Need I say more?
Egg whites and oatmeal and brizza oh my!I've been hearing about Scramble for months now and I finally made it in for a breakfast meeting today.  I loved it...The oatmeal was not only the biggest bowl of oatmeal I've ever seen, it was served piping hot with pecans, raisins, and milk / brown sugar on the side.  I also had a side of egg whites done just right.  (I was trying to be healthy since I recently realized I gained some LBS in the last few months).  However, I did have a few bites of my dining companion's brizza - it was also delicious!  The coffee did the job too... I left with a nice caffeine buzz and a full tummy too... the perfect way to start my day!I love the clean, urban feel to this place... the staff was super friendly and the bathrooms were clean.  I wish I lived closer to Scramble as it would definitely be a regular in my rotation.  Even though it's a bit of a drive for me, I will be back... especially to check out their upcoming "breakfast for dinner" charity events on Wednesday nights.  (Stay tuned for info on the Yelp events calendar).You've got a new fan in me, Scramble... see you again soon!
Whoa!  What happen to Ticoz? This place use to be awesome.  As I waited for an eternity to get a drink I looked around the place and it looked like it was in desperate need of some TLC - furniture and carpets need to be cleaned, walls need to be repainted.  The plants were all dead in the women's restroom.  This place is dying a slow death.  What used to be a happening place for happy hour was dead, it was sad hour.  The service was terrible!  We were sitting in an empty bar and it still took a while to get a drink.  My friends and I were going to order apps but they never came back to ask us if we wanted food, thank god too because we would have had to stay there longer.  We chugged our drinks and bounced out.
I recently received a $100 gift card to Ruth's Chris from my students, so Hubby and I decided to use it last night. Overall, we had an excellent meal. Hubby had the gumbo as a starter. It was very flavorful, but had a little less heat than he would have preferred- maybe with the addition of a couple of dashes of Tabasco, he said, it would have been awesome. I had the Caprese salad with thick slices of beautifully ripe and flavorful beefsteak tomato, buffalo mozzarella, fresh basil, and a nice balsamic vinaigrette dressing. I appreciated that they let the tomato and mozzarella be the star by not drowning it in dressing. I absolutely loved the addition of a big piece of flash fried basil, which is something I have seen done a few times on cooking shows recently. Unexpectedly scrumptious.Both our steaks were perfectly cooked (but you need to be aware that Ruth's Chris tends to under-cook slightly, so a medium-rare is just barely so, flirting with rare). Hubby had the buffalo rib-eye Chef's special which was farm-raised, our server told us, so the meat was not very gamey. It was firmer than a standard rib-eye, but less fatty, and very flavorful. He got it with a mustard crust, which was overkill. I had the regular rib-eye, and it was wonderful. We shared a sauteed mushroom side. Neither of us came close to finishing the huge portions, especially because we were saving some room to share the creme brulee. It came just slightly warmed with a perfect sugar crust and beautiful fresh berry garnish. It is one of the best brulees I have ever had- even better than I can make myself! :) The coffee was mediocre.Is Ruth's Chris the best steak we have ever had? No- that would be Craftsteak in Vegas, but it's still worth the money. Our biggest complaint was our garrulous server- just this side of arrogant and annoying. He must have spent a half-hour loudly waxing poetic about wine, his grandparents, and Chicago to the people behind us, while we sat neglected. And we were amused to note that some of what he said was inaccurate. Oh well, don't know the answer? Bullshit like you do!
Since moving to Arizona, the only good Asian restaurants I've tried are usually Thai restaurants. I always order Pad Thai, so this is the beginning of a comparison of Pad Thai in Mesa & Phoenix.I got the lunch special Pad Thai with fried tofu. It was $6.95 + tax. The portion was decent, and they gave me a good amount of tofu. There wasn't lime, and not enough bean sprouts/peanuts in my dish. I asked for lime but they only had lemon, so I used that instead. I liked that it wasn't very oily, but maybe that's why the Pad Thai wasn't as flavorful in my opinion.
Say what you want about form preceding function in the west-coast restaurant scene (and you'd be right), but Fox RC knows what they're doing. All of their restaurants are well-designed, well-staffed and well-fooded. [The notable exception being Olive & Ivy, which I feel is like the gorgeous girl at the party who talks a lot, but really shouldn't].Culinary Dropout is one of Fox's best and, so far, most unique productions. It's a beautiful contradiction. Trashy class, unrefined elegance. And it's confident, in both its design and cuisine. The Fish and Chips (with a PBR of course) were the best I've had in my entire life, and not by a little.But CD is not for every person, nor for every occasion. Establishments with this much arrogance forfeit the luxury of being able to rub everyone the right way. Generally, I don't see it as a "girls night out" destination or a place you'd go for Mom's birthday. Then again, I'm sure there are some classy women out there who'd appreciate the paper-bagged Pabst as much as I do.  CD is something to be experienced, at least once, even if you decide afterward that it's not your cup of tea. Stop by for dinner or drinks, appreciate the place for what it is,  and know that the menu means "crusty bread" in the best way possible.Cheers
Native Phoenician here. Have been eating at the Tee-Pee for as long as I can remember. One thing that very poignantly stands out is coming back to the Tee-Pee after coming back after living somewhere else for several years. What stands out is the memories of the food. When I left it was good, when I got back it was terrible. The quality of the food has slid slowly into ho-hum-dom, and then further into what am I paying for? If you've read my profile, you'll notice that I'm HUGE on value. Does what you are getting measure up to what you are paying for? If I know I'm getting 5 Star food and service, I'll pay for it. It just seems that things at the Tee-Pee have started to change from really being interested in putting out great food for a great price, to playing off the hype that has become the Arcadia neighborhood hotspot places. It's most disappointing that what was once a favorite hangout, has left me finding other places to get good mexi-chow.
Take it from a real live Indian who used to live in New Delhi: this is the best, most authentic, just like mom makes it food in phoenix. And the groceries are good too - this is one of the few places in the Valley I can get a Thums Up (if you don't know what that is, you best find out!!).Great selection of namkeen (salty snacks) and decent fresh asian veggie section (kerela, persian cucumbers, daikon, the works). I love going there, pickin up my faves, and having a quick bhel puri. :) Yes, all these things I have mentioned above may not be the mainstream type of thing, but seriously, TRY THEM OUT! You're missing out if you don't!
Sticking with my New Year's resolution to lose a few pounds,  I have started walking my dog about 3-4 miles every morning. With the temp slowly creeping up I tend to go out early as possible.  With not much going on that early in the morning you tend to notice things. This was one. After passing by this place a few times I decided to do a little investigating. OK so let me get a few things out the way. The area is not bad as others have said (there is a high school next door so how bad can it be?). It is in a strip mall so the restaurant is not very big. They have been in business at the same location for over 20 years. Also a word of warning the place does get packed by the early bird crowd around 4pm so come early or after 6pm if you want a good table. Also while the place is not what I would call fancy you can tell that they have actually put some thought into how the place was decorated. Nice solid wood tables are set up family style with little booths in the back, a perfect place for teens and the young at heart to grab a slice with their sweet heart. They even went so far as to put a table in front of the open kitchen so you can watch as they create your meal from scratch. Their claim to fame is the pizza they offer. One look at the menu and you see the usual cast of characters. But what stood out to me was they offer wheat and gluten free products for those looking for a few options. Their pizza sizes are kind of unusual as they start with a 8 inch mini and go up to a 16 inch extra large. The sauce was light and nice tasting and the crust lived up to the sourdough claim as well. Not over powering but the flavor was a nice change up from the usual chain offerings. Not in the mood for pizza (what is wrong with you?) they also offer pasta, deserts, sandwiches, soups and salads. This is one great little neighborhood place! And I for one am glad to be it's neighbor (Mr. Rodgers music plays) LOL.
I snub my nose at you zealous purists out there. I like my cheese steaks bastardized. Hold your cheese whiz. Drop the beef and toss on some chicken. And make sure to add vegetables. Yes, vegetables. Blasphemy, I know. Give me mushrooms, onions, green peppers, tomatoes. Mmmm. In fact, you could even hold the meat and I would be alright with that. The hot sandwiches at Corleone's are a happy medley of these two extremes. For the purists, there's the Philly Original and for us West Coast blasphemers there's everything from Buffalo Chicken to Veggie Subs. The fries are pretty decent (it takes some real effort--or neglect--to fuck up french fries) but the onion rings leave a lot to be desired.  I've tried a couple different hot sandwiches, including the Philly Original, and it's always a greasy, messy event. The majority of the time the juice and grease of the contents melt right through the damn roll, leaving me with a pile of napkins, a mangled sandwich, and a frown on my face. (I really dislike it when my food falls apart. I usually bite of it as hard as I can to try and inflict pain on the offending meal. The food has never acknowledged my attack. It's a pretty irrational tradition.) So if keeping your sandwich in one edible piece is big in your book, I wouldn't recommend this place. The actual restaurant is pretty small, with a long bar with stools and several high tables to enjoy your vittles at. It's also a little bit on the hot side since half of the restaurant is the kitchen, and it gets a bit noisy with all the ordering, grilling and chit chat, but it's a really lively atmosphere and they offer delivery or take out if you're in a hurry. They're open really late too, especially on the weekends, in order to cater to the Mill Avenue night life.On Tuesdays they have a special that's pretty ace. It's a buy one get one deal on any sandwich in the place--of equal or lesser value (just imagine that in small print)--so you and a friend can eat for cheap or you've got one sandwich for dinner and another for lunch the next day.I know a lot of people that adore this place, but it's just not my thing. Cheese steaks are not the food of gods to me, but if the thought of hot beef and cheese whiz has you gargling saliva like Homer Simpson, you'll probably enjoy it and rate it higher.
I am disappointed.  I wanted to like this place.  My husband and I decided to give this place a try.  Big mistake.  What a waste of a "date night".  It was very busy, so we decided to sit at the bar.  Not a minute after we sat down one of the girls behind the bar broke a glass and shards flew in our direction.  My husband was hit in the face and even pieces of glass were in his hair.  What did this girl do?  Nothing, lifted her head and asked "did I hit you?" my response was, "I think you can see glass all over his hair and in front of him".  Under her breath she said "sorry" and turned around to take care of other people.  I asked someone else at the bar if this is the way they welcome their patrons, because I might be missing something.  Eventually one of the managers came and apologized and bought us a round of drinks.  The sushi is not great, is your typical load of mayonnaise to mask everything.  There are better places for sushi.
Paint me with tasty grease* and marinara...I'm  f#cking A impressed!I strolled in the the first time the other day, the little joint was packed, I barely got a parking spot in back. It was around lunch time and as you can imagine between 2 Hippies and this place, it's tough to get in.Anyway I wasn't sure what to get so the nice folk behind the counter suggested I just try their lunch special.His idea was a stellar one.The special was two one topping slices and a can of soda for 4 bucks. That can't really be beat. The slices were huge, two slices basically equaled a quarter pie (felt like about 4 lbs!). Tasty fresh pepperoni, no shortage of mozzarella and good quality mozz I might add as well.The little dinning room (and I mean micro) was seatless, all were taken except one 4 top with three suit and tie lawyers noshing at it. They eyed me/sized me with my giant slices and can of Mountain Dew and immediately invited me into their circle. There they offered me a piece of their fine sausage pie. Killer as well. Nice patrons (probably made friendly  by the fine flavorful pie!)This is probably the best NYC style slices I have had west of the Mississippi. I shit ya not.I'll definitely be back and I hope to see you there.Ciao!*pizza is suppose to be greasy!
I would love to be writing a review right now of JoBot's delicious coffee and scones... but, alas, I cannot because the snob of a barista refused to even acknowledge our presence let alone actually offer to serve us a coffee.  We stumbled upon JoBot on a random Saturday driving through downtown and thought we would stop in for a drink.  There were four or five other people in the place and we took a seat up at the bar.  The barista was in the process of taking another person's order and everyone else appeared to have been served already.  We had no problems waiting while he wrapped up.  Ten minutes later... and he still hasn't said a peep to us, hasn't even made eye contact actually.  The thrill of supporting a local business waned and we eventually (13 min after arriving) got up and left.  It truly felt as though we didn't fit their desired clientele and therefore they didn't want to be bothered with us polluting their hip aesthetic.  Give me Starbucks' friendly baristas over that crap any day.
A very cute place where you can eat and shop! The shop had trinkets, expensive clothes, and candy. Very random.The food isn't too bad. I had the Counter Chopped salad ($6.25) with turkey, blue cheese, grapes, candied pecans, and a lemon poppy seed dressing. The salad ingredients were fresh, and I loved the candied pecans. A friend had the grilled cheese sandwich. omg.. it took like 15 minutes just to get a grilled cheese.. I have no idea why the cooks took so long!! Just place a slice of American cheese in between two breads, melt, and wham! All done! The menu doesn't have a lot of choices, but the place is crowded. Prepare yourself to fight for seats.
"Honey, can you stop at the grocery store and pick me up a loaf of bread and a sofa."  Seriously.  This store is crazy.  What is with Fry's anyway?  They run the gamut from "I need a surgical mask and gloves to shop here" to "I think I need to put on something nice to buy toilet paper."  This one is really nice.  It's like it's own shopping center with everything from indoor & outdoor furniture and accessories, toys, linens, appliances, and...oh yeah, food.  The grocery store at Marketplace (are all Marketplace's the same?) is so much nicer than at the regular Fry's stores.  Produce looks good, nice liquor selection, great deli with a wide variety of "heat and serve" entrees that are actually good, sushi, etc.  And if you need to pick up a few Christmas gifts after you grab your tampons, you're in luck.One star off because I actually pulled into a parking space that was reserved for pregnant women.  WTF!  They had sex and now they can't walk?
If your looking for something off the dollar menu...sorry, you came to the wrong spot!If your looking for an AWESOME, mouth-watering, big as yo' face, gourmet burger...then this is the place for you!!!! The burgers are fit for a King... or a Queen, like myself  :DIndulge has a great menu from fried pickles, fresh salmon salad, onion strings or sweet potato fries, and of course the burgers!  They have some pre-combination burgers for you to choose from or if you want to get crafty with your burger you can build your own!I feel the best part of the build your own burger is the unique sauces, from my boyfriends favorite rajun cajun sauce and my go-to spicy sour cream sauce. I love to mix up my burger combination choices whenever I'm at Indulge and I can never go wrong, its always delish!!Besides the food, the staff is very friendly and attentive.  Not to mention the owner is always in the restaurant, making sure everyones experience is nothing but the best!!
This place is charming. Space age chairs and oh-so-wonderful for summer shorts wearing crowd vinyl seating options inside are sleekly (if not sweaty thigh friendly) designed and make MoJo a pretty cool place to chill on Mill, har har. I'd read some reviews of the Biltmore location with people seeming to be a little upset about pricing, but to load up an expensive amount of froyo at this place seems like it would be a rather epic task, only conquerable by the hunger of frozen treat hungry 5 year olds or teen age boys. Whatever. It is as affordable as you make it on yourself and yummy. My man enjoyed a smoothie tonight and was pleased with his cost comparison points to a Jamba Juice smoothie of similar poundage, so if the man is both happy with his money and his stomach is filled life is good.  The fruit flavors pleased other people in my Mojo safari group. I tried the original chocolate, cookies and blah blah chocolate, the latte flavor, and the mint. The mint won out on my non-frozen treat honed palette (I get gelato every now and then am not a big icy treat fan) and brought a smile to my face. This isn't a revolutionary place but it is clean, well run and had good service with no smarm. Bless its inoffensive little heart.
I am a low maintenance kinda gal & I have a knack for finding the goods on the cheap. So, while the prices on this menu weren't exactly Denny's, or even Macaroni Grill, for that matter, the experience and quality more than make up for it, thereby placing it in a category In Another Galaxy, Far Far Away. If you enjoy the corporate, droll, scary birthday singers of the former mentions, well then go there & save your 20%. That being said, sometimes you have to fork it over (ok a cheap shot at humor) to experience true cuisine. Upon arriving at Tuck Shop at 6:30 on a Saturday night with no reservation, we were warmly greeted by what appeared to be the manager, not sure why I'm saying that, just a hunch. The construction of the restaurant was either a former house or reconstructed to look like one, complete with a family room filled with books, coffee tables & art to the side of the dining area. I don't know why a reviewer felt that this restaurant didn't offer privacy. There were several options of seating if you did not have the bigger parties occupying the large, banquet like seating in the middle. We were immediately addressed by our server, who went over the menu, took our drink order and brought them very quickly.We decided on the Spinach Salad with parmesan tuiles, caramelized prosciutto & shaved roasted sweet potato. I think there was some sort of light citrus dressing, amazing. The flavors were so complimentary and it tasted totally natural & unprocessed, yay. Then, we shared the bread with the roasted garlic, hmmmmm. Even the olive oil tasted high quality! Then, on to the Vodka cream sauce ravioli stuffed with cremini mushrooms & veal, wow. My girlfriend & I shared this all & it was perfect for us, though neither of us have very large appetites. However, we were STUFFED. I asked the bartender to add a shot of vodka to my "homemade" lemonade, which was perfect. The lemonade reminds me of the fresh not too sweet variety I used to get with my family on summer trips to Mexico. I just couldn't order dessert but there really were only 2 selections. I think our server was Cray or Gray, something like that, he was awesome, so professional & very easygoing. Attentive to times we were in conversation as well, would just do what was needed & carry on, nice touch. Will definitely go w/ my hubby - that place is right up his alley! hope we get Cray, Gray, Clay???? again.........
The atmosphere is unique, unlike other bar-b-que places I've been to. The patio is much like a garden patio at a home with brick walls and plants high enough to block the traffic / side street noises.  The indoors has a rustic, yet, elligant patio feel to it with the brick walls and rustic wood ceilings.  The furniture is again, more of a patio feel than a typical bar-b-que restaurant.  The noise level was not too loud that you couldn't hear people at your own table. The food was wonderful! Although my husband said their burger was too greasy, that was the only downfall.  My brother and I had the St. Louis ribs.  The way they caramelize the bar-b-que sauce on the ribs is great. They aren't runny with sauce dripping down your hand. The rib meat falls off the bone and easy enough to eat with a fork or picking it up. The sides were great. I had the macaroni and cheese which was definitely homemade. Not runny and not too dry. The cheese flavor was not too strong either.  I would  be prepared to wait a bit for a table because they appeared to always be busy. Overall, I really enjoyed this place and would go back again!
I have always enjoyed coming to Tommy Bahama.  Ever since I went the first time a bizillion years ago to the Sarasota, FL location.  They are very competent with their meals and their drinks and desserts are out of this world.   I went with a group of 12 women, since we were staying at the Westin for our annual twin mom's weekend away from family.  We had a fantastic server, Alisa.  She was so attentive and kept everyone happy.  All of us were super impressed with her.  I had as usual my coconut shrimp.  I had a taste of one of my friends tortilla soup.  It was very tasty.  Our drinks were so good.  I had the Pineapple Jalapeo Mojito and the Raspberry Mojito.  Both were sensational, I think I liked the pineapple jalapeo a little better.  Not as sweet, but equally strong.  For dessert this time I wanted to try their newest one, the Pineapple Creme Brle, I was happy to share it with several friends, since all of their desserts are super rich and delicious but full of calories.  You can feel your hips expanding with every bite.  I stopped at three.  Now I will have to work out a little harder to compensate for all the fun I had this weekend.
When my co-workers both had that blah feeling today, I decided we should try The Art of Soup. I had heard about from Amanda B. (thanks Amanda!) at a recent Yelp event, and had I not known where to find it, I probably wouldn't have found it!The three soups being served today were an Asian Mushroom, Chicken with Spinach, and a Persian Yogurt soup. Jacquelyn had the Mushroom. Erin had the Chicken. I was the super-star who had ALL THREE!No, I'm not a big piggy - I had a flight of soup! Instead of one 8oz cup/bowl of soup, I had three 4oz cups of soup, so I got to try each one. My favorite was the mushroom, but each was fantastic. The mushroom soup was today's vegan option, and it was incredibly flavorful without being over seasoned or salty. The mushrooms were the perfect consistency .... Yum!What I loved most about getting the flight was I tend to get bored of soup. I have a few slurps and then it just gets old. However, with the flights, right when I was feeling done with one taste, I had an entirely different taste waiting for me.  And, I honestly would have never selected the Persian Yogurt soup, but I was glad I got to try it. It was very refreshing (I saved it for last), especially on a hot day. The combination of dill and mint was fragrant and fresh, while the sweetness of the raisins complemented the bitterness of the radishes and walnuts sprinkled on top.  Janet, the owner, told me all about where the recipe for the Persian Yogurt soup came from, and she also shared with us that all of the ingredients wer purchased at the farmer's market that very morning. For dessert, we indulged in amazing chocolate chip cookies from Urban Cookies .... Yum ..... But perhaps that's another review!
Great place for Japanese takeout or a quick inexpensive meal.  This is not a place where you will get super quality meal.  I am rating this for what it is.  We live around the area so this is our Japanese takeout place.  You can call ahead and in 20 minutes will have your meal ready to go.  They recently turn this place into a sit down restaurant in stead of counter order.  If you have kids there is a window where they can view the guy/gal making sushi/sashimi.  This is great if your waiting for your food (takeout or sitdown).  Works for me most of the time.Would recommend if your in the area and need a quick meal.
Although this Vietnamese dining spot is in a food court - in Mekong Plaza -  the quality of the food is excellent. The ingredients are really fresh and the dishes are well prepared and delicious. For the same (low) price you would pay in other Vietnamese dining establishments, the food you get is of higher quality. There's also a rather wide variety of dishes to choose from, considering that it's in a food court setting. The owner is very friendly and I appreciate her help in understanding what the unfamiliar dishes are. I would have given this five stars if it were in a full restaurant setting rather than in a food court atmosphere with a shared seating area.
It's 10:30am on Friday and I called to make reservations for that night and Eddie answers the phone and takes my reservation. Should I say much more than that? I mean, what restaurant owner/renowned Chef actually does that? I've been a fan of all of Eddie's restaurants, but this one has a different vibe. Not stuffy, very  comfortable and good home cooking with a culinary twist.We started with the Mo' rock shrimp appetizer which was amazing, arguable one of the best I've ever had! Huge prawns in a citrus herb sauce and it comes with "dough balls" to soak of the sauce... someone was obviously thinking! I had the Tenderloin encased on Parmesan crusted mashed potatoes, it was a lot of potatoes and little bit of meat, but the Julian vegetables surrounding the mound-o-potatoes were amazing! My boyfriend had the Chilean Seabass with lemon candied broccolini, it was light,  the plate was a bit "empty' but over taste was great! We shared the Mac and Cheese with toasted prosciutto and I'm sure this was the best part of the meal! Overall, I love the atmosphere, and I felt that the food was well priced! Try and sit near the back of the house, you get to watch all of the actions in the Top Chef meets Hell's Kitchen! Negative: our reservation was for 7:30 and we got sat at 8:10- they didn't buy our drinks at the bar while we waiting but were apologetic. If you're a fanatic about being on time, I don't think this is the place for you; I would say this is the only reason why I  gave it 3 versus stars!
I had a nice meal and the bartender was great but I left wanting more.  Stockyards really isn't expensive compared to other big city steak houses because your steak includes a salad and starch.  I had a 12 oz NY strip(cooked perfectly), salad and a baked potato with 2 glasses of wine all for under $80.  Pretty reasonable.  The issue I have with this place is how boring it is.  There is ZERO energy.  Thursday night, Coyote's playoff game on TV and there was one dude at the bar from Alabama telling me how great  football is.  This place needs Restaurant Impossible to come in and liven the joint up.  Make it brighter, play some music and attract people under the age 65.  The 1950's are gone.
I Love any place that I can get Lunch at 10:30am. Vincents has a ton of different pizza by the slice all day everyday, plus a full menu of appetizers, entrees, salads and dessert, not to mention some family meal deals and they even deliver!! I took advantage of their lunch menu several times already even though they just opened on August 19th. I've tried 4 different kinds of pizza, the garlic knots, which by the way I saw them making and actually hand knotting the dough right there, and one of their chicken Parmesan rolls which is the chicken, sauce and cheese with dough wrapped around it than baked, really really tasty! They have a lot to offer and I will probably gain 50 pounds if I keep going there but there is still so much more I want to try!Check them out, they are right next to the AMC Theater on Ray Rd. and the I-10.
I recently ventured to Downtown Chandler to explore the city and lunch with Yelper Anna M. She is a Chandler connoisseur so I left the lunch choice up to her -- with the reference of trustee yelp too of course! She chose Latitude 8 and so I was excited to try out one of her favorite spots. I'll admit, typically I don't choose Thai for lunchtime, especially when it's so hot outside, but since I was in the area, I wanted to try the best of what the area had to offer so I gave it a whirl. I walked inside and immediately like the fresh, airy and open atmosphere. While it's Thai food, the atmosphere was modern and a perfect "ladies lunch" location. After a quick glance at the menu, I noticed that they offer a nice lunch option of three courses for about $12 (I think)? I decided I wasn't that hungry for three courses, but I noted this option for a future visit! Instead Anna and I got the chicken curry and Pad Thai and decided to share so that we could taste both dishes. I'm a sucker for curry and this curry dish hit the spot. It was heavy in taste but not in meal and came with a small bowl of rice and a large bowl full of chicken and curry. The Pad Thai was much heavier but also tasty. The sauce had a little crunch to it, almost like eating a shell so that threw me off a bit, but it was still a good dish. I think I would order the chicken curry over the Pad Thai next visit. In summary, the food here is good and the prices are very reasonable as well. Definitely a restaurant worth visiting if you are in the area and looking for decent Thai (although, I'm no Thai expert so take that part with a grain of salt).
I work down the street from this location and I'm glad I do! They have a good selection of pupusas and all of the ones I have tasted haven't let me down.  My favorites are the chicharon and queso as well as the shrimp pupusa.  They are served with some tasty black beans and some rice.  Both of these are very different from what you get in a Mexican restaurant.  To drink I ordered horchata, which I guess in El Salvador is different from Mexico.  It has a slightly nuttier flavor but it's still very good and refreshing.  Next time we go back, we will try one of their entrees (with a couple pupusas on the side) and see what else this Salvadorean cuisine has to offer! If it's anything like the pupusas, I am sure to be satisfied!
My daughter and her boyfriend had spotted a "Grand Opening" sign on this little restaurant in a local strip mall recently and wanted to try it so all three of us went here on Monday April 18.  Wow--great place!  The server couldn't have been sweeter, more informative or more attentive.  They have all the usual dishes, plus more unusual ones like Alligator, Snails, Anti-oxident drinks.  I ordered the Quail, fried (or you can get it rotisserie-style), daughter got a chicken dish and shared her delicious rice with me (mine only came with accompanying greens but no noodles or rice), her boyfriend got a combination Pho soup that included pork, liver, quail egg, squid, crab, shrimp, rice noodles and we shared some crispy egg rolls for a starter.Everything was top quality and fresh and very reasonably priced (about $6-8 ea).  We were very happy we went here and the server gave us a coupon for 10% off our next visit.  I will definitely put this one on my go-to list for future trips.
This place is right down the street from the office, and I've gone here with co-workers for lunch many times over the past few months.  The place is okay, and seems to have some serious track betting going on here. Several TV's with horse racing on, machines and some betting tickets and such. I'm not much of a better myself, so I'm not even really sure how it works at this place.Anyways, I'm kind of torn between two and three stars for this place.  For starters, the inside kind of feels dated, and its always dark when we're there. Also, we usually sit in the back when we are here, since our party size is usually between 6 and 9 people at any given time.  Someone always calls ahead from the office to let them know we're coming in, so they already have the table set up in the back for us when we arrive.My problem is two fold with Armadillos. First, is that it the service always seems slow, and secondly, they don't seem to have a great lunch menu. It seems to be mostly dinner type dishes, that can be quite big and heavy for the middle of the day.  They have an insert to their menu with "daily specials" but nothing that really caters to the lunch crowd.  I mean, sometimes I want a light lunch, not a huge heavy lunch that makes me tired for the rest of the day.Also, most of the time here it seems to take forever to get our bill, and our food. I know their busy cooking it, but being that they open at 11 AM, and when we arrive we're usually the first people to be in there (aside from a few stragglers at the bar) I wish it wouldn't take so long to get our food.  Plus, we only have an hour for lunch!  One time, it took so long to get our bill, we started getting ansy and tried to hurry out of the place. We have to be back at the office by 12:30, and we didn't get our bills until 12:30!  By the time we all got our change and cards back and left, it was after 12:45, and we didn't get back to the office until 12:50.  We were 20 minutes late back from lunch!I only go here now because once in a while the ladies from work take me, and its not half bad food. I just wish they had a better lunch time menu and that the service would pick up a bit so we don't spend so much time waiting and paying for our bills.
Normally pithy nicknames and a vegetarian friendly mission statement scares this carniverous reviewer off.   Usually the wit bespeaks hippy cliche and the veggy-weirdo friendly menu ensures I'll struggle to find anything that once moo'd and if I do, it will taste like processed rubber.Not so at "That's a Wrap."  My wife describes this adorable wrap shop as being one which makes both her inner slut and inner fat girl happy.  It allowed her to eat good food until she was full without feeling guilty about ruining her diet.   She enjoyed the my sherry amore.  I enjoyed the Rocky VII, basically a cheesesteak wrap.  Both were excellent.  The pasta salad was pedestrian but decent and the fresh fruit salad was spectacularly fresh.   Very reasonably priced and an aesthetically pleasing interior.   Parking is a bitch though a serious problem if you go during a busy time like the lunch hour.  Have someone who can parralel park do the driving.
They were onto something when they named this place Dick's Hideaway. My friend and I felt like we were on a treasure hunt to find this hidden gem. We passed it probably 3 times as it is disguised with a sign that says "Additional Parking in Rear". No sign with their name but they are right next door to Luci's Grocery Store on the Northwest corner of 16th Street and Bethany Home.Once we finally found the speak-easy like restaurant we were surprised at how small it was. There was a bar section that could seat a max of 10 people and then 3 booths against the wall. There was a room next door with an extensive wine cellar and tables big enough for 6-8 people. The room was dimly lit to give it an intimate feel but not too gag-me-with-a-spoon romantic as there were several flat screen TVs with the DBack's game on. They have a wood burning stove that gives the restaurant a campfire smell...making it seem that you're in the middle of nowhere in the wild west at a divey saloon (but much more classy).On to the good stuff...I had researched the menu prior to getting there to give myself an idea of what they had. I was excited to see that they had breakfast and then sorely disappointed when I found out it's only served until 4 PM. Yelp considers this place Tex-Mex but I would have to disagree and say that it's definitely got a taste of the 505 (New Mexico speak for those of you that aren't in the know).As I mentioned in my previous review, whenever I go to Mexican style restaurants, I will judge them by their enchiladas. I decided to be on the wild side tonight and try something different. I went with the Carne Adovada since the server advised it was spicy and I like it hot and a glass of the Malbec. My friend opted to get the red, white, and blue enchiladas.While I normally love Malbecs, this one was more on the "eh" scale as it was too earthy and overly ambitious with the tannins. So if you like a strong red wine, this one is for you!We got our food and they were not joking when they said the plate was hot. You can get third degree burns from those steel embossed cowboy-like plates. Also, if you are watching your calories or trying to control your portions...this is definitely not the place as the servings could feed two people. The Carne Adovada was delicious...the meat was tender, juicy, with a red chile kick and topped with a layer of melted gooey cheddar cheese. The rice and beans were tasty and the homemade tortilla made the meal complete. My friend let me try her enchiladas and let me tell you - they do not disappoint! Next time I will definitely be getting those!We were in a food coma getting ready to go home and put on the stretchy pants when we were informed that there was a massive dust storm taking over metro Phoenix. I felt like I was back in CO experiencing a blizzard of sand. So we decided to stick around for a bit longer. Good thing we did because we wouldn't have been able to try, by far, the greatest flan I've ever tried. Dare I say better than my mom's flan? Gasp...I would dare say so! The flan was delicately creamy with just the perfect amount of sweetness in every bite. I've never had a flan that was a mousse-like texture and not custardly. Hope you like flan cuz that's the only dessert they have there!Overall, I give Dick's Hideaway a 4 because I can't give them a 4.5. The service was great and our server was friendly. The food, ambiance, and good company made the night. I will most definitely be returning to the hideaway known as Dick's.
I agree with some of the other reviewers. The food is great, but seems a bit over priced. Combo plates range between 7-10 bucks! For a corner "dive" with no waiter service, that seems a bit much. The burros are delish! Something about the quality of the large tortillas they use. For starters, they're authentic. Not big, white, overly floury ones like you buy in the grocery. Folks must love 'em b/c they sell them in a package! The salsa bar is stocked w/ 3 different house made salsas, pico de gallo, and jalapenos w/ marinated carrots and onions. Not all salsas are made alike! I love theirs! Enjoy!
Babbo regularly holds up as a favorite in the valley and particularly stands out in the sea of chains that tend to overwhelm the northwest side of town.This used to be a tiny crowded bistro in the middle of a shopping center, but was able to expand into the space next door and now leaves plenty of elbow room.  The bench seating is particularly cool and the decor is guilty of falling into the modern chic realm.  The place has a nice ambiance, and it's a great place to go on a date or, post-expansion, in a group.  It's also a comfortable spot for solo-dining.Regarding the food: I've never been unhappy.  Not once.  I've been eating here for years.  My favorite dish is the curry chicken and pear pasta.  When I'm not adventurous enough to give it up and try something new, I have a tendency to taste test from appropriate parties.  They're great about special orders and if the ingredients are available, they'll make it.  The rosemary bread makes me melt.The deserts are huge.  The tiramisu is adorable served in a coffee cup, yet I've never found it particularly good.  The other offerings, however, are dreamy.If you're trying to sweep me off my feet, this is the place to go.
I've often used the word Chinamerican to help describe food being made at some Chinese restaurants. This type Americanized Chinese cookery usually includes the same suspects like sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, lo mein and can be found pretty much anywhere except Old Town Scottsdale. Now the owners of Geisha A Go Go and Stingray Sushi have opened another Asian concept capturing the essence of Chinamerican, Jimmy Woo's. While cool and modern inside, they somehow managed to pay homage to the type of Chinese restaurants I knew when I was a kid. There are no white and pink table cloths here but the half moon shaped black leather booths, dim lighting and old school Chinese menu evokes a 70's mod vibe. Be sure to check out the enormous abacus, it'll be the largest you'll ever see. Outdoors, Woo's has a fantastic patio that faces Scottsdale Road which is great for people watching.Woo's offers a daily happy hour that starts at 3pm, which gets you drink discounts and a well priced small plates menu. Offerings such as plump and juicy Pan Fried Pork Dumplings ($4) and a plate full of fork tender, lightly fried Salt and Pepper Calamari ($5.25) are stand outs. If you pair these with a carafe of hot Sake ($4), happy hour could be a meal in of itself.Looking over you'll notice that it's all about the classics and these classics are done pretty well, starting with Hot and Sour Soup ($5.95). Yes this is on every single Chinese menu around town but Woo's version adds tofu, mushrooms, egg, bamboo and chicken making for a hearty robust soup. Be sure to ask for some chili paste, the nose clearing effect is like tasty medicine. After one bite of the Chinese Chicken Salad ($8.95), you couldn't help but notice that while well dressed in a peanut ginger dressing, it lacked any sort of flavor punch. Made with napa cabbage, carrot, bell pepper, snap peas and scallions then topped with fried noodles and almonds, the ingredients were vibrant and fresh. Hopefully they reconfigure their dressing since the added brightness from citrus juice or vinegar can be key to taking ho-hum to wow. Slightly crispy, tender, sweet and sour tossed with bits of chili and citrus peel, the Orange Beef ($13.95) was decent. For me this is what Asian style cooking is all about, appealing to many of my senses without any one being overwhelmed. However on another visit this dish was so overly sweetened and gloopy that it was pretty much inedible. Different chef?I thought it was funny the veggie only, Eggplant with Tofu and Mushroom ($15) dish was one of the most expensive on the menu. Don't get me wrong, this dish was tasty with its slightly sweet sauce and well cooked vegetables it's just priced oddly high. I found it  funny that many of the shrimp and scallop dishes are priced less than this one. Go figure. Jimmy Woo's may woo you with its sophisticated yet fun atmosphere, but for me it was the friendly service and their ability to make Chinese hip and cool. I only wish the food was as hip and cool.
We went for our first trip this morning. When we drove by at about 9:45 a.m. it looked abandoned. So we were not sure if it was still operating. After waiting for a few minutes a few folks started arriving so we figured it will open soon. When it opened we were really surprised how many tables it held as it looks like it might fit three at best. Now mind you it is not huge, but larger than it looks. There were five of us and we fit well. We were greeted by a very nice young lady. In fact I would say this place has the cutest staff around. What I mean by that is they were all smiling friendly adorable folks.We ordered our food and were attended to for drinks. Very large mason jars are used for the drinks and filled to the top. The food came. Four of us chicken and waffles and one had the rice and gizzards with gravy. We all loved the chicken, very tasty and quite crispy. Three of us liked the waffles, I being the dissenter. There was nothing wrong with them, it is just personal taste. I did not like the cinnamon added. We all took a bite of the rice and gizzards. Really good flavour with wonderful gravy. A good time had by all.
At last, a sushi bar that isn't a hot spot, and isn't completely devoid of atmosphere. It is the perfect balance -- clean, but comfortable, sophisticated, yet friendly. What's more, the food is EXCELLENT.I have been there three times so far, and I have yet to find complaint with the food. The sushi is fresh and fantastic. Hana orders whole fish, straight from the coast. The ahi I had was glossy and ruby red; the flavor delicate. It had the perfect texture, with just enough "give," so that one does not struggle with biting it, and not so soft that it lacks substance. It was also a generous portion, draped over a small, but flavorful rice ball.Their tempura has lovely and light batter, and it enrobes fresh, crisp veggies, and sweet, tender shrimp. The miso soup is also good, and they don't hold back on the goodies. For once, I found that tofu can have flavor!When I ordered the bento, it was filled with all sorts of treats! Some I could not even identify. I am embarrassed to say, I was well and truly stuffed, when I finished eating it all. Surprisingly, the prices are very reasonable! Nigiri goes for about $3-$5, maki about $5-$10, noodle dishes $80-$10, and entrees $12-$15. I have only been during lunch time, so I don't know if these change for dinner.That all said, since it is brand-spanking new, and its staff is still learning the ropes, Hana struggles a bit with service. Sometimes entrees come out poorly-timed. Sometimes you have to wait for your dishes to be cleared. You might get a bit thirsty, waiting for your refill.But it is worth it. It is so worth it. Check it out!