My wife took me here on my birthday for breakfast and it was excellent.  The weather was perfect which made sitting outside overlooking their grounds an absolute pleasure.  Our waitress was excellent and our food arrived quickly on the semi-busy Saturday morning.  It looked like the place fills up pretty quickly so the earlier you get here the better.Do yourself a favor and get their Bloody Mary.  It was phenomenal and simply the best I've ever had.  I'm pretty sure they only use ingredients from their garden and blend them fresh when you order it.  It was amazing.While EVERYTHING on the menu looks excellent, I had the white truffle scrambled eggs vegetable skillet and it was tasty and delicious.  It came with 2 pieces of their griddled bread with was amazing and it absolutely made the meal complete.  It was the best "toast" I've ever had.Anyway, I can't wait to go back!
Quiessence is, simply put, beautiful.  Full windows and earthy wooden walls give a feeling of warmth inside this restaurant perched in the middle of a farm.  The restaurant seemed fairly full even on a Tuesday evening; we had secured reservations just a couple days before.My friend and I had sampled sandwiches at the Farm Kitchen earlier that week, and were impressed enough to want to eat at the restaurant.  The crisp, fresh veggies didn't disappoint: we ordered the salad with orange and grapefruit slices and the crudites to start.  Both were very good; I didn't even know how much I liked raw radishes and turnips until I tried them with their pesto and aioli sauces.For entrees, I ordered the lamb and my friend ordered the pork shoulder.  Service started out very good, but trailed off quickly.  Waiting for our food took a very long time (a couple seated after us received and finished their entrees before we received our's), and no one bothered to explain the situation until the maitre'd apologized almost 45 minutes later.  Apparently the chef was unhappy with the sauce on my entree, so he started anew.  This isn't really a problem, but they should have communicated this to us earlier.  For our troubles, they comped me the glass of wine I ordered, but they forgot to bring out with my entree  as I had requested.  Also, they didn't offer us bread, but I will echo the lady who whispered this to us on her way out: ask for the bread.  We received warm foccacia, apple walnut, and pomegranate slices of wonder with honey and butter.  YUM.The entrees were both solid, but didn't quite live up to the innovation and freshness of the vegetables.  My lamb's sauce was delicious, but the meat was tough.  Maybe the vegetarian entrees are the way to go?  But our dessert, the gingerbread pear cake, was yet another winner.If the entrees were tad more inspired, or the service weren't so spotty, this place definitely would have warranted five stars.  If I return, I'd like to try the 75$ tasting menu.  Our bill came out to about 100$ for two people, including tip, no drinks.
Drop what you're doing and drive here. After I ate here I had to go back the next day for more.  The food is that good.This cute little green building may have gone competely unoticed if I hadn't been driving down Palm Rd to avoid construction.  While waiting to turn onto 16th Street the "Grand Opening" sign caught my eye and my little yelping soul leaped for joy!  A new place to try!It looked desolate from the outside but when I opened the door I was put at easy by the decor, smell and cleanliness inside.  I ordered dinner for two, to go.  The menu was awesome.  I loved seeing all the variety: poblano peppers, mole, mahi mahi, mushrooms...something wrapped in banana leaves.  It made it difficult to choose something.  Here's what I've had so far: La Condesa Shrimp Burro and Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco.  They are both were very delicious meals but the shrimp burro stole the show.  So much flavor.  I snagged some bites from my hubbys mole and mahi mahi burros- mmmm such a delight.  The salsa bar is endless.  I really stocked up.  I was excited to try the strawberry salsa but it was too hot, in fact it all was, but I'm a big wimp when it comes to hot peppers. The horchata is handmade and delicious.  They throw pecans and some fruit in there too which is a yummy bonus!As if the good food wasn't enough to win me over the art in this restaurant sho did!  I'm a sucker for Mexican folk art and Frida Kahlo is my Oprah.  There's a painting of her and Diego hanging over the salsa bar, it's amazing.  All the paintings are great, love the artist.
The oldish man who owns the store is as sweet as can be.  Perhaps sweeter than the cookies or ice cream.Here's the lowdown: Giant ice cream cookie sandwiches for super cheap.  The flavor permutations are basically endless.  I had snickerdoodle with cookies and cream ice cream.  It was marvelous.
We went here on a Saturday afternoon and this place was incredibly empty.  They had brunch specials going on, including $2 bloody mary's and mimosas, but we were more in the mood for lunch.  Except for the bloody mary, I had to try one.  It came out in a high-ball-sized glass.  Boo!  But it was really tasty. Yay!  The hubby remembered a sign outside the restaurant a few weeks back that said they had Arrogant Bastard, and he got a 22 oz bottle for $4.75.  Hey, that's not fair!!Next up: the wings.  We were a bit hesitant to order them when the waitress informed us that they are "seasoned" but not sauced, so they can't be ordered hot.  We did ask for them crispy though, and the waitress even asked the cooks to throw them back in for a few minutes when they came out not visibly crispy.  These non-traditional wings were actually pretty damn good.  The seasoning was a little spicy and salty with just a hint of sweet.  If I were in the mood for the tang and kick of Frank's Hot Sauce, these wouldn't cut it, but otherwise they were good enough to go back again for.My entree was the Tilapia salad, and I was a bit disappointed.  The fish was a bit dry and uninspired. And the greens underneath were overdressed and wilted.  I ate the greens around the fish and picked out the almonds and Mandarin oranges, but I had to leave the mush hiding underneath the fish.It wasn't bad enough to say I wouldn't go back, but I won't be anxiously awaiting my next trip.
I met a friend for lunch yesterday. Loved the water feature and patio walking in, if it had been warmer I would have definitely sat outside. Inside was a little dark and I guess it was all the bats around but it reminded me of "Dusk Till Dawn". We were seated, I hope was hoping for chips and salsa, I guess they don't serve them here? We weren't even offered the ones on the menu, which I probably would have declined anyway because chips and salsa should be complimentary. Anyhow I ordered the Fresh Snapper Tacos (see pics) There is a lot of fish there being smothered by all those peppers, but as for everything else what you see is what you get.For $15 I would have liked more than a TBSP of each, rice and beans, and a DEFINITELY more than a teaspoon of cheese and sour cream and maybe a lime or lemon. There was more garnish on the plate than anything. Other than that it was good. My Friend ordered the Green Chile Stew and The Green Chile Mac and Cheese (see pics) She has been here before so knew what she liked. I tasted the macaroni and thought it was pretty good too.I'll give 3 stars until I go back and try out some other things.
DVAP....You have to go at least once in your life. It really is a neat place with alot of history. The service is great, it appears to be family run. The food is good. Better then Dennys but not as good as Mimi's. I had the all u can eat of beef ribs, lasagna, meat loaf, cat fish, chicken, mashed and diced potatoes, stuffing, rice, homemade apple pie, etc and salad bar. I know I am missing a bunch of stuff they had but you get the drift. They run specials on Prime rib and stuff so you might want to call to see what they are serving the night you go.
Not that my review will mean much given the more in-depth reviewers but I will chime in nonetheless...I can really only review one dish, the #3 lunch special, Yellow Curry Chicken. I don't know what the authentic name for it is, Kang Karee something or other. It's so tasty that the first time I had it I knew I'd never branch out. Good lunch spot if you work around downtown. Not the quickest service all the time and can get busy during lunch, but always consistently good. Fairly dim inside, a good place to forget about the sun on a summer day.
There's two ways to look at this place. One is getting quality food at a good price. The other is getting a lot of food for a cheap price. I prefer the former but those who prefer the latter won't agree with my review.I thought the scramble I had was okay but nothing fantastic. I definitely didn't care for the biscuits. The food wasn't health conscious at all but if you're looking to fill up with calories and get a good-sized portion then this is your type of place. Also, I am not a fan of the diner-type ambiance... I would rather have something with more character but I'm glad I tried this place out.
I've eaten here many times, but none as bad as last night.Service was excellent, and highly attentive.Food, absolutely horrible.My expectation was they would serve a steak on par with their seafood. After all, they were charging 39 bucks for a ribeye. What I was hoping for was a 1- 1-1/2' thick steak, cooked Pittsburgh style as I had ordered. What I got a a 3/4 in thick piece of meat that was mostly fat, gristle, and in no way resembled Pittsburgh Style. Salad, similar to something you could get at Chick FiletVeggies, blah.Bread basket, ample, but day old, and if not, it certainly wasn't fresh. In addition to bad food, we were crammed into a small room where we were nuts to butts with 6 other tables, listening to conversations ranging from someone's recent bout with pinkeye, and another couple who elected to speak entirely in French, until the waiter showed up, then it was like they turned off the French switch and suddenly began speaking English. I've had it with this place.If I'm going to pay 150 bucks for dinner, it'll be at Mortons, or Maestro where the steaks are 1-1/2 in thick, cooked to perfection, and half of it doesnt wind up on the plate as fat and gristle
Alright, I have been away from Yelp for quite some time, and I feel that this place is fitting to be my comeback review...Chicken and Waffles.  Yes, chicken and M'Fin waffles.  In the ghetto?  CheckHas sweet tea?  CheckHas no-nonsense, quick service?  CheckRidiculously long wait?  CheckBest thing that I have eaten in the last year?  CheckI have to say, not the best fried chicken I have ever had, but pretty damn good- it could use more seasoning.  Now the waffles, probably the best ever...  The waffles are deliciously soft inside, a little crispy out with a wonderful cinammoness to them.  The seating is cramped, but it doesn't matter as soon as your food is delivered your table goes quiet, you get tunnel vision and after the first bite you are taken away to an orgy of goodness.If you are in Phoenix, this is a requirement.  Come real early or be prepared to wait.  Don't forget to order the Red Velvet cake and they have Kool-Aid if that fits your fancy.  Even after I came home from Arizona, I couldn't stop talking about LoLo's for like 2 weeks.  Shoot, two months later and I am still drooling thinking about it...
Every now and then my Vietnamese side craves for PHO...are you surprised!?  Noodle Ranch is my local Pho joint.  I can literally walk to this place :)  Okay, the Pho Tai is great here....I got the combination once and it wasn't as good.  I love the decor here lots and lots of old photos of Vietnam.  Service is always good here and I've been here when their busy and when it's slow.  If you need a Pho fix I would definitely recommend this place!
Yikes, reading other reviews I realize my bad experience wasn't unique. As a server I make a very laid back customer. I like pretty much everything I eat and don't require a lot of attention from the waiter. La Piccola Cucina would benefit from just one extra person in the front of the house. Our guy, though adorable and friendly, was too busy to refill our drinks and to remember to bring our appetizer (though charged us for it). The ahi tuna (highly recommended over the other fish options he said) was so overcooked it was the color and consistency of chicken. Like other reviewers mentioned, he was frantic and made that clear to every customer. At one point I even saw him in the kitchen cooking - they need another person! I left super stressed out from the experience, which is very, very unusual for me. You can either have bad service or bad food, but not both.
That darn Smokehouse burger is awesome. 5 stars. The smoked corn was a little Meh... it was oily like not butter oily... not a huge fan of the texture either. I like corn crunchy and it was not. Service was great. I did see an unmentionable bug running around near the back entrance towards the chicken rotisserie thing, but bugs have to eat too right? (still 5 stars lol)
Perhaps it was foolish for me to give La Condesa only four stars at first, given the fact that I really liked it.  What can I say?  I'm critical by nature.  I knew I was going back soon, so I felt like I had to save the last for a return visit.  Well, it just got it.This place is fantastic.  In fact, if CenPho lets this one go under, I will personally hold all of you responsible; watch out for a citizen's arrest if I ever see you.  However, that is unlikely to happen, because the food is damn tasty.  Today, the Oaxaca black mole chicken taco had me swooning, topped with pickled onions; the chicken is tender and simmered in the lovely sauce.  The Soronan carne asada taco, char-grilled over mesquite charcoal is no slouch either; I'd rate it right up there with some of my favorites in town.  Go to this place; I have a feeling I'll be here at least weekly.  When and if they ever get a beer/liquor license...probably more.
Where to begin?This is my favorite Mexican food establishment ever. I've been frequenting Carolina's for years and never once have I been disappointed. Some might compare it to Filiberto's or any of those [insert surname here]berto's but this is on a whole different level.Atmosphere-wise it's one step above a sketchy hole-in-the-wall but the food makes up for everything the appearance of the place lacks. I don't know their secret but their beans, the tortillas, the salsa... it's all to die for. And IT'S. SO. CHEAP. Like, seriously, I'd dish out more money for this food but the fact that it really is that cheap is the icing on the cake. It's almost always busy but it's always worth the wait. Always.If you haven't gone... you're missing out.
Being Indian, and having grown up in London, I have been pretty spoilt for Indian food. Imagine my dismay when I moved to Phoenix! I've tried many different places here in town desperately trying to recapture the memory of a good London curry house but each time I've left either disappointed or clutching my guts fearing what may come.Couple of friends introduced me to this place a few months ago and I'm stoked. It's not as good as the stuff back home. And I'm sure you can get better in San Francisco or New York. But if you are looking for something closer to home you can't go wrong.Plus its got the real live Indians eating in there too. Can't be bad!!
This place is not there anymore.
Gils.. A relatively new business to the complex on 16th St and Bell Rd. Gils is NOT your average Mexican Style food. It is New Mexican Style. They use whole beans, no lard and light on flavor. The rice is not orange but more of a yellow with hints of garlic infused. The burritos are covered in red or green sauce, which can be a hot or mild depending on the crop. I had the pork Carnita's burrito topped with green sauce. Beans and rice. I would have been disappointed it I expected smashed refried beans too. BUT I love the beans as they are. They are sort of like a ham hock style bean. The carnitas was wonderful and huge. filled with pork and not a spec of fat in it. Topped with cheese and Hatch Green Chilie sauce. Did I mention Huge? The whole meal including water and chips and salsa set me back $10 bucks. I even have a small lunch for tomorrow. The chips are homemade and the thicker type. The red salsa was spicy but not hot and green was good. The rest of the menu looked good, nothing stood out as a must have but I will be back. The place was clean and they made a nice patio outside, complete with waterfall and everything.
I come here probably at least once a week. The prices are right, there's a good variety of "ethnic" food, the cashiers are quick and friendly, and they're just helpful. I locked myself out of my car when having a space-cadet moment and they let me use their phone to call AAA to bail me out. Fresh flowers + great selection of wine and cheese + all the essentials They deal is that they cut out the middle man to get great prices for quality products and they don't have sales because they always sell their products at the best price possible. =) GO TJ'S!
Hippies scare me.     So in my preparation to go to this place I ordered Xanax from an on-line Canadian pharmacy, which I have been taking for three days now.  Bought a tazer from Spy Headquarters in case one of them tries to hold me down and pours patchouli oil on me.  The fifth of gin that I slammed in the parking lot really helped with that last bit of extra courage that I needed to partake my journey into hippie-land.It was all for nothing. No hippies around, just a teenager behind the counter.  This place is tiny and the counters are about at mouth level. I don't know how anyone under 7'6" could easily eat off of them.  Anyways for $5 flat, you get a kick ass burger, a school lunch bag half full of well seasoned skin-on fries, and a can of soda.   It's true that the fries could have been a bit more crispy but they tasted so good I got over it real quick.I'd be afraid to ask what the special ingredient is because they might say "it's organic, don't panic".  Jerry's dead, but this place lives on.  Thanks hippies!
Man, do I LOVE a restaurant with REALLY GOOD food and friendly service! Liberty Market is definitely that! Funny thing is that I was originally going to eat at Joe's Farm Grill, but ended up here (after a search here on YELP).Nice laid back decor too.You wait in line to place your order, pay, and they give you a stand with a number on it (like at Sizzler), then someone brings your order.I like places that spend the time to make their own salad dressings and take care with creating a delicious salad. The Italia was DELICIOUS and a perfect size! The homemade Minestrone soup was loaded with fresh ingredients and was REALLY fantastic too!I forgot to try one of their desserts...the last Red Velvet cupcake was ALMOST snatched up by another customer, but the Food Server was so kind to offer to get it to me (maybe I had a look of panic on my face??)...WOW!! This service is rare to find!The restrooms are quite amusing! Saw a similar set-up in NYC. Each toilet/water-closet is individual...no stalls. They were VERY CLEAN too (ok, I was seriously apprehensive that it might smell like a men's restroom, since it was all unisex...no worries!!!!)I can't wait to visit here again...but, after I check out their other place across the street: Joe's Real BBQ. YUM!
What a load of absolutely hideous, uninteresting crap.Take every single one-star review written by Yelpers below, copypaste them here and you will have a far more eloquent summary of my feelings on this place than anything I can come up with.I have no reason to ever come here. Certainly not free will. The one time I did come here I was forced to by a friend who was meeting another friend.
Man, if these guys were trying to replicate a gringo bar in Mexico down to every last detail, then they have it absolutely nailed. Sorry to ruin the mystery of the name. The building itself is a spectacle-- a brightly colored fusion of indoors and outdoors with a few different bars, games like the beanbag toss and televised sporting events in every direction, music blaring, a room dedicated to Elvis, and more Chuck Norris jokes than you can count plastered across the walls along with a bevy of posters advertising drink specials. A line of blue footprints painted across the concrete floor leads to the men's room, dollar signs to the ATM... genius stuff, really. It wouldn't have been at all out of place were they to have tried selling surfing monkey statues or trotting out a donkey painted like a zebra for an extra special photo opportunity.Rumor had it that Dos Gringos had a killer Sunday brunch buffet and Bloody Mary bar, so we showed up at 10:30 AM to find... that they hadn't opened yet. A place that offers brunch but has the balls to wait until after 11 is okay in my book. Ten bucks gets you all-you-can-eat eggs, bacon, chile verde, beans, and a bunch of other stuff to tickle your fancy. There's nothing like sitting out in the sun, feeding a hangover and resuscitating last night's buzz before the clock strikes noon, and it sure beats sitting in traffic when that monstrosity of a church up the street unleashes some Old Testament fury on Alma School Road. Dos Gringos probably gets spring break wild on Friday night, but on Sunday morning, this place was just as tranquil as the doctor ordered.
After long debate of where to have lunch, I am glad that I stopped into The Greek Pita.  I had ordered the lamb gyro with everything except onions.  The gyro was loaded with lamb meat and toppings.  The pita was soft and fresh. The Tzatziki sauce  has a nice tang to it.  It tasted light, cool, and creamy.   The total cost was $5.74 + tax.  I left with a very happy belly.
I had not been to an Oregano's in like 10 years. They seems to be popping up all over here in AZ now so my buddy was in from out of town and he wanted to try, so why not.I'll tell you "Why NOT"... we has two thin crust pizzas... and I even hate to call them that. More like... crackers with melted cheese and some toppings.That was some of the worst excuse for pizza I've ever had. Most of the fast-food delivery pizza I've had beats it -- and I do not like, at all, delivery pizza.Maybe the pan pizza is better than the thin crust... god it could not be worse!It only deserves one star for the good service... other than that is the another sub-par overpriced "gourmet" pizza joint.If you want expensive, and good, pizza there are many good alternatives... Pizzeria Bianco, Grimaldi's, etc.
Ate here months ago.  Was excited to finally find a Phoenix sushi venue, and one that also offered brown rice as a sub for sushi dishes (don't quote me on this however, since it has been many months and I may be recalling another venue).  One item did impress me, and that was the complimentary appetizer that was comprised of tempura'd chips with perhaps a squid salad topping (?)  I should have just ordered another serving of this!  Instead, I tried an Ao Yasai (mixed gourmet greens with ginger) and a sushi roll w/ brown rice, the latter I thought was price-y considering the very small portion given.  I was so unimpressed by its unexciting flavors that I don't even recall what kind of roll I tried!  Pretty sad, I know.  I told myself I wouldn't go back, but I would like to give Hana another try, perhaps for lunch and/or dinner with a group of friends and have apps and wine/sake!
Cowboy Ciao is one my favorite restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale.  To start with, they share a wine list with Kazimierz.  My favorite menu item is the Stetson Chopped salad.  My only wish is that the serving was bigger!  I can't get enough...and I'm too embarrassed to order two.  The flavors in this salad are amazing!  Smoked salmon, Israeli cous cous, creamy dressing.For dinner, I actually like the Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry.  The tastes are really unique and I got to try mushrooms I hadn't had before.  It's great!I did try the Bacon Peanut Brittle for dessert and I cannot recommend this.  It was not good at all.  It just makes the brittle really greasy and then you run into chunks of bacon...ick.  Thank God my husband ordered the Chocolate/Peanut Butter pot pie so I could steal from him!
The actual restaurant is fine, the service is friendly and good.I am not going to go in to the food other than to say, no.Oh well $340 bucks and all I can muster is a no.
Alright, so here is my two cents on Brat Haus. I suggest to steer clear of the brats I tried (Beer Brat & Spicy Thai).  I found them a bit dry and bland.  I also found the pretzels less than fabulous. I do suggest to try to big, juicy, tasty, meatballs. Much better choice. The outside patio very cool, an open fresh space with plenty of seating and a big ol' wall of funky art. The service was also friendly, and attentive and fair prices. Overall, it's totally worth checking out if you are in the area and in the mood for something different.
OK, I've decided that other coffee shops sell swill. I think about Dazbog coffee in a dreamy sort of way, like unstressed people think about sex. I mourn often that they open so damn late in the morning. Seriously, I would be there every day... The chocolate cappuccino rocks my world and perks me right the hell up, even on the mushiest afternoon. No bitterness, not overly sweet, just blissful- in an I've-just-been-bitch-slapped-by-caffeine sort of way, of course. Oh, and the sandwiches I complained about? Replaced by real deli looking ones in clam-shells. Far more appetizing. But what the hell do I need a sandwich for when I can have a giant red velvet cupcake? Don't make me break out the voodoo, Dazbog. Just open at 6:00 am like any other coffee shop and we'll be BFFs.
ok....first let me say that I grew up in PHX. And we used to go for special occasions to "Bobby MaGees" which is where BobbyQ's is now located (says something about the quality of my restaurant experiences as a young fella)...And as cheesy as Bobby McGaees was...i kind of miss the pirate serving me my dinner (and the salad bar in the bathtub).But i do like what they have done to the place. Cool interior. Casual but with a nice upscale feel. The patio seemed really nice (didn't sit out here).We tried a variety of things. A burger, a pulled pork sandwich, brisket, baby backs etc...I think the standout were the ribs. VERY good...very tender (but not overcooked), good sauce.  I enjoyed every one.Everything else was just ok. Like on par with Chili's (which isn't saying much). The sides were pretty tasty. Corn (roasted and then taken off the cob for you) , mashed potatoes, cornbread...all pretty good. Dinner for 4 (2 kids, no booze)...50$.But a 5 star place? Maybe in the context of other restaurants in the Dunlap and I-17 areas (next to crazy Mitch's Furniture barn.) But not in the broader context of PHX.I would definitely go back for ribs...but not a place that will go into the normal rotation.Side note: Hilarious crowd on a Saturday night. Lots of "west side" clubbers...or maybe too old to be clubbers but want to go clubbing (there is a lounge attached).
This is a nothing but pies place...so I was expecting a little bit more oomph...Dispointing small selection of pie by the slices...also you gotta put in special order ahead of time for the more interesting stuff like Italian Ricotta.  I was going to order something with berries, but the stuff I saw in the case was just runny and wet looking...so I ended up with a black-bottom pie...I really liked the flaky crust and the filling wasn't bad except for the fact that it did taste a bit over refrigerated.  A minor gripe is the airpot coffee...not freshly brewed...despite the espresso machine clearly visibile behind the counter.The pies are just over $4 per slice and ~$20 per pie.
How does this restaurant generate so many 4 and 5 star ratings? I know it was on the food channel, but honestly the food was sub-par. Maybe it was just an off day, but I have a feeling it wasn't. The prices were not outrageous, but it wasn't cheap either. The atmosphere was nice, if very cafeteria like.But the food was way way too "greasy." And bland. And my stomach now aches after eating there....
I found this little hot spot on Yelp and used my phone to navigate me there; I wouldn't have found it otherwise.  This small establishment is hidden in a neighborhood right off of Historic Downtown Chandler.  It's a quaint little diner with modest décor.  I felt very comfortable there and the service was fast and friendly.  As I looked over the menu the first thing I saw was the Morning Monte and havarti cheese as one of the ingredients.  Cheddar isn't better; it's all about havarti folks!  I needn't look further; I knew that's what I was having.  Hawaiian bread French toast, bacon, turkey, egg and the havarti - absolutely delicious!  Can't wait to come back and bring everyone I know.
So Wednesday evening I needed milk and cat food. On my way to the store I realized my stomach was growling. Never a good idea to shop on an empty stomach. A while back in The Savvy Shopper rag in the China Grill ad was a little banner about Wok n Stix being a new location. And because of an event that fell apart this week I had a bug to eat something Asian. So I found it and stopped in.Chinese fast food. They also have hamburgers and a few other things. I stuck with something I figured I would like, orange chicken ($7.95). It came reasonably quick, was too hot to eat right away. Most of my Chinese fast food consists of Panda Express and Ming Gee. This was much better, in addition to the onions and bell peppers listed mine had mushrooms, celery, sprouts and some other stuff. Service was on styrofoam with plastic utensils. Even though I was eating in the rice came in a take out box which I thought was sorta weird. I still hate eating out alone but at least I wasn't the only person in the place. Each side of the place had a long upholstered bench with tables and chairs that could be slid along to make up different seating and two tables in the middle.There was nobody being served at the front counter when I was finished so I stopped,picked up a menu and talked to the woman there and found out she is an owner. They have had the place for 6 months and are the same family that owns China Grill not far away.
I know I enjoy food when I think about how good it was later..like days and days later. It has been about a week and I am still craving the Mac n' Cheese I inhaled during my Happy Hour visit. The Macaroni was cooked to perfection, the cheese was the perfect consistency and texture, and the addition of spicy sausage really set the dish apart. While the service was impossibly slow, every waiter I came in contact with was extremely nice. But nice or not, I was sucking on melted ice for half the night while I waited to get my drinks refilled. No bueno. The atmosphere was relaxing and casual, and the bathrooms were fabulous!! Well lit, great aroma, and my choice between cloth hand towels or paper. The bathroom had well placed mirrors which made the space feel big and clean.I will definitely come back, but next time I might sneak in my own drink.
So your going to Scottsdale via Paradise Valley....or your coming from Scottsdale heading east....your stomach is growling but you don't want the usual...then look no further than Jason's Deli. I was in that situation on Friday night and decided to give this locale a try....and I must say I was not disappointed. I had the Smokey Jack Panini with Smoked turkey breast....guacamole....provolone cheese....lettuce...tomato....bacon on the side which I gave to my wife....LOL...since I don't eat red meat....and Russian dressing. However sandwich was made to order and pressed perfectly on the grill....and the flavor was outstanding. They give you a pickle and homemade potato chips on the side....and I also had some lemonade which comes from a fountain with free refills. I almost missed out on the free Ice Cream....but I seen people walking around with cones of Ice Cream and I had my wife ask was it free. Indeed it was and we both enjoyed a nice Ice Cream cone....mine was chocolate vanilla swirl...and you can also get it in a cup as well. The service was great and the whole place had a real nice neighborhood feel to it.....I look forward to returning here very soon. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Zupas officially opens today! I was invited to their VIP catering event a few days ago and was able to get a sneak peek. The soups are very good; I tasted all of them! My favorites are the wild mushroom it is very creamy and has a great flavor. The shrimp and sausage gumbo is very hearty with just a little New Orleans kick! I recommend them both! If you enjoy tomato soup theirs is a tomato basil and it is yummy!. One thing I really liked is that you can taste the soup before you order it! Bonus they have 8 varieties of soup to choose from!I had the turkey pesto artichoke panini as well it was very good. You can get a 7.99 combo of any 2 items soup, salad, sandwich. By the way it's not 1/2 sizes with that combo either! I got a full panini and full soup.The soda bar is nice to you can create your own drinks!The ingredients are fresh and the employee's are very friendly. They also cater which is a big plus!
I'm still feelin the love. A most wonderful combination found I today of simple delightful food, a laid back atmosphere, warm staff, dog-friendly accommodations, a vegan-friendly menu and... oh yeah... all day Monday Happy Hour.  Thank you TMI for the immediate bowl of water set down for my hound, the speedy $4 glass of red, and a yummy manageably-sized veg sandwich. I couldn't have asked for a better ending to this much dreaded Monday. It was lovely winding down and enjoying the sunset while other suckers waited in traffic.I second Sarah G's enthusiasm for Sophie's salad sans mozzarella. Mmmm mmmm arthichoke. My next mission is the Cash Money sammie with house made cashew butter (wha?!) Cabernet jelly AND bananas. It's like Elvis met Sophia Lauren and decided to class it up. Soon will I be back to attempt such an adventure. Very soon.
I came here after having wanted to try this place for some time.  I love hamburgers, and a good burger is a real treat for me.  Nothing complicated really, just a good well made burger.When my date and I arrived, we liked the interior.  The place was smaller then I had anticipated.  Very narrow seating.  Anyways, service and menu selections were excellent.  I went with the traditional burger, and my date went with the Panini.  I went with the French fries, and date went with sweet potato.  I loved both.  The excitement of my night was the fries in the shopping cart!!Anyways, I was happy with my experience here.  I would return, and liked my food.  So did date. Aside from tight seating, lovely place!
It's not hard to find a steakhouse in Scottsdale.  Modern Steak's schtick is that it is... well, "modern" in the sense that it's not in a dark oak-filled room with overstuffed booths.  Unfortunately, however, "modern" also means that it's in a mall.  Ugh.Pretty efficient (if not brusque) service, with decent enough food.  I had the salmon w/ maple and bacon glaze.  It's a bit of a bizarre combo -- I'm not sure the salmon quite holds up under such a sweet glaze, but you can't complain too much anytime bacon is involved :)
Rita's Kitchen is a hidden gem located right smack in the center of the Camelback Inn. While this may be a hot-spot for hotel guests, I think that locals might be missing out on its charm. I am a huge fan of anything the Camelback Inn does, especially since they offer live music and a great space for relaxation and Rita's Kitchen is no exception. This restaurant is airy and opens up to the spacious Camelback Inn patio where they play live music every night. Breakfast: Breakfast at Rita's is sublime and pretty reasonably priced. They offer a breakfast buffet for around $23 which includes eggs made to order (including omelets), pancakes, waffles, pastries, fresh fruit, bacon, sausage and hashbrowns. It's a great pick for a leisurely weekend breakfast. Just today was Mother's Day and while we only did the breakfast buffet, I did catch a glimpse of the Mother's Day brunch and holy moly do they know how to wow a crowd! Not only did they have stations set up all throughout the restaurant, patio and R-Bar, but they also had an extensive dessert area with build-your-own sundaes, freshly made cotton candy (in an old fashioned cotton candy maker) and a long dessert table with a chocolate fountain. Lunch:Lunch here is sublime and I also enjoy either the tacos or the chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich is particularly a favorite of mine due to the cheese and sauce. The fries are tasty as well and you can either get sweet potato or regular. I also get sweet potato then regret not just getting the regular which are better in my mind. If the weather permits, sit on the patio and enjoy the beautiful water fountains, views of the mountain and tropical/desert setting.
Wow, not what we were expecting at all. But that's a good thing. The restaurant would qualify as a "Dive" in most circles, a tiny 20 seat affair with recycled refer units as cabinets located in the corner of a strip mall with a 99 cent store and a BigLots. Not exactly a high-end neighborhood.But after having heard of this little cafe in The New Times and finding that Phoenix Magazine rated their Ceviche and Shrimp salad as one of the Valley's top 50 dishes, we decided that we must give it a try! The article in New Times raved about something called a Pupusa and description sounded familiar, once we were there I realized why.Every culture on earth seems to have developed some form of stuffed hand pie. You know the formula, a regional bread or pastry dough, formed into a pocket and stuffed with savory or sweet fillings. Food on the go. Well in El Salvador it's called a Pupusa, and they were delicious!A kind of thick corn tortilla type bread, filled with several different types of  fillings, pork and cheese, beans, chicken and cheese, beef and cheese or beef, bean and cheese.Now this is NOT your typical Arizona/Mexican food. The cheese is a freshly made cheese that is a Salvadoran tradition and is one of the best fresh cheeses I have ever had, smooth and soft yet very flavourful. The tortilla is not what you might be used to either, they are corn tortillas but they are not the course chip like corn tortillas so prevalent in Americanized Hispanic foods. They are thick, soft and delicious. It is this tortilla that is the basis of their Pupusas.Don't expect to find the standard "Mexican Restaurant" re-fried beans here either. Spicy, flavourful and smooth, having been mashed right after cooking, they are among the best example of simple yet wonderful tastes you will experience here.We had some of all of the different Pupusas offered on the menu which are priced very reasonable indeed, and were impressed with all of them, though the pork and cheese and the bean were my personal favorites.We also had a corn tamale that was sweet and moist and tasty, rolled in a banana leaf instead of the corn husk we are used to. Perhaps that is why it was so much more moist than your average corn tamale.To finish off our repast we enjoyed the fried plantains, actually an appetizer on the menu, they were crispy on the outside and starchy and tasty inside. Served with freshly made salsa and the Salvadoran version of Crème Fraîche that was also a hit.The owner was our server and I am still not sure she spoke much English, but she was very nice to us and the orders were always right. As well as very very hot! I had to let my Pupusas sit a few minutes before they were cool enough to consume, and a word of warning, Plantains retain heat even better than potatoes do so proceed carefully.As I've said the Ceviche and Shrimp salad is an award winner and the Carne Asada that the folks at the next table had ordered looked delicious. However I could not ask their opinion as they did not seem to speak English either and my Spanish is worse than terrible. But they seemed to be enjoying it, I'll give it a try next time.They serve breakfast too and I can hardly wait to give that a try as well.Stop in, you'll be glad you did.
oK, first i broke my promise to myself and went here again, i figured by now things have got to be better. i ordered something that i wouldn't care if it was cold, French Toast. ok so the french toast is good. but it wasn't worth waiting 40 fucking minutes to get it. and on top of it. my friends food was cold again. one of them would rather eat glass then eat at this place so refused to order a cold meal, but since my other friend was paying she said fuck it i'll go.well she ordered toast and some sausage as sides. and my other friend ordered the mish mash, his review of the place is more generious then mine, but he's only been there once and said it wasn't so bad. lol.so anyways toast, soo cold the butter couldn't even melt. and cold sausage to boot. the friend with the mishmash, lol. i saw the bottom of the bowl and it was all a weird watery substance at the bottom. how hard is it to drain poached eggs before dumping them in a bowl?i was going to give palatte 3 stars based on the french toast, but it was hardly warm. i so badly want to like this place cause it's close and Matt's is always packed.can i please get a breakfast place in the roosevelt area that is large enough to seat more then 20 people and serves good breakfast?
Oh Yogurtland.....why can't I resist your calling?I had to run an errand and saw this location next to a Fedex Office...perfect!  I dropped in and ordered:Double Cookies & Cream, Strawberry, and Cheesecake...topped with Peanuts, Captain Crunch, and Reese's Peanut Butter Cup for around $4.90.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Co4cQNWyAYv7Hw8jKcEKJg?select=VcouxvxQ0Sl310XRxn9HOghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Co4cQNWyAYv7Hw8jKcEKJg?select=8xzd9ms7YvNaEAvn1irgsQIt was of course awesome!  The line was very short too....even though the weather was in the mid-90's....boy did I luck out!Return Factor - 100%
It's the middle of January and 75 degrees out.  While there's no shortage of things to do outside, there aren't many dog-friendly places for that where you can sit down and eat.Jacqui J and I took out doggies to the dog park.  They're bruthas, you see, and hadn't hung out in awhile.  We had MLK day off together and spend the afternoon together.  Trying to decide where to eat with the pooches, I thought of TMI because I had seen so many people recently check in on Yelp.  Their patio is pretty big and mostly shaded.  This wasn't a day to be too concerned about shade, since it wasn't hot out.  I read the reviews ahead of time and already knew what I wanted before I even got there.  I was happy to have to take home a doggie bag, too.  I got the olives, red goat salad and the mac and cheese.  I will eat anything that includes green chiles in it.  Anything.  A few varieties of olives were served wtih fresh herbs and a dash an oil & vinegar.  I love all olives and don't always buy them for home, so it was a real treat.  They came in a little bowl, but there were about 20 of them.  The red goat salad was perfect: tons of pistachios on it, big chunks of goat cheese and strawberries.And den...and den...the mac and cheese, generously stuffed with chopped green chiles, ooey-gooey melted cheese that was crusty on the edges, the way it's supposed to be.I'll be back with Dexter.  They gave him a treat.  Oh, and my meal was treat.  I'm burping up the leftovers as I type this.
I have had it with the meat department at Whole Foods Market on Scottsdale Rd & the Mayo Blvd. They really suck.I gave them another chance (out of desperation really) and they blew it!  I am so disappointed.  I purchased some turkey breasts there (3 of them) at around $30.00 for a 4 lb breast. I came home, froze two and cooked one. It smelled, but my husband insisted that it was the smoked smell of being in the butcher case with all the other meats.I trusted his opinion and cooked it. Upon slicing it up for dinner, I found that the free range turkey was very fatty. It was gross but no one got sick luckily.Well, now I just thawed out another one and the same thing but worse. It stinks like the rotting dead animal it is. It is definitely bad.And it gets even worse! As I inspected it and opened up the two breasts (Whole Foods puts two breast together with a net to make one large one), I pulled out about 8 inches of thick, fatty, I don't even know what from it. Let's just say it definitely LOOKS like the dead animal it is too. What ever that stuff is, it is all gray and rotten.They are basically stuffing their Turkey Breasts with junk to make more money. I have had it with them! I am not surprised. They have always been trouble. Frank the manager there is really not the kind of guy one would trust with food. His is kind of creepy and gives off a dirty "I don't care" attitude.I spent over $100.00 there on Turkey (ground & whole) and he (Frank) still charged me for the breast bones - and another employee told me that they usually just throw them in the trash!The meats at this butcher department cannot be trusted. The manager there cannot be trusted and has failed every time. It is really gross; top dollar for top trash! My husband thinks the manager is getting some sort of incentive for selling the "questionable meat" instead of throwing it out!  I am still nauseous from the smell, sight and from touching all that gray, rotting gross stuff. BLEECH!!! I think I ate that in the last one!
just say no.this place is truly awful. too bad it's taking up valuable space on monroe.
I am ready to update you to a five because the last three times I have been there, your service has been better, the huevos rancheros has been consistently perfect, I have never had to wait for a seat at the bar and I want to hug the cute new bartender because she is quirkily cute!! If you were still serving breakfast at 6pm, I would come eat you now.
Came here for lunch recently with active Yelper and friend Brett B. I'm sure he'll post up his own review of the place.This is the kind of place you walk up to the register and place your order, then take a plastic number to your table and the server brings you your food. You also get your glass and go fill 'er up at the fountain yourself. I wasn't sure what to expect, but felt good vibes the minute I asked "how big is the salad" and the guy at the register walked into the kitchen to bring me a dish to show me. That was nice and above my expectation, as most places the servers will make a "size" with their hands and shrug and say, "i don't know... about like this?" So, yeah. I like that this guy actually showed me a plate and made a "mound" with his hand to show me some kind of size of the salad. When I ordered "just water" he went to give me a plastic cup with a lid, and then said, "you know what? Just take a regular glass, it's more comfortable...." He trusted me not to fill up my glass with anything but water (and I did only drink water). That was nice, and made me feel like an adult. Not like at some places (much cheaper than this place) that give you a plastic cup like the ones you pee in at the doctor's office, when you order water.I really enjoyed my lunch here - Had a chicken caesar salad (one of my favorite things to order pretty much anywhere i go because I'll never make it at home), along with a cheese pizza.The caesar salad - for those who have a love affair with this meal - was "perfect" . The portion was generous, and it was chopped and tossed. The chicken was shredded and mixed in with the salad, which makes SUCH a difference in getting an even distribution, and reducing pain-in-the-ass-ness of having to cut up a chicken breast atop a salad with oversized utensils like at so many other places. It was perfectly dressed too - not too heavy, just right. And the parmesan cheese was shaved over it, rather than shredded or grated. Nice touch. Excellent flavor, every mouthful.The cheese pizza was a cripsy, ultra thin crust, delicious red sauce (kinda sweet, in a good way), and the cheeses were mozzarella and fontina - the saltiness mixed really well with the sweetness of the sauce and made this simple pizza taste extraordinary.Granted, having had some beyond-extraordinary pizza in new york, I'm spoiled and have to say it was not as good as my favorite thin crust pizza from Totonno's in NYC's upper east side. But still, darn good. I'd eat it again. (I took some home and it didn't look like it heated up well later on when my husband was having it).Brett had the tomato, gorgonzola, chicken, salad on mixed greens. I think it had pine nuts too. I got to taste it and it was even more flavorful than mine. Either one of these would be an excellent choice for those of you who like to order salads. Delicious. And the service was great! The  manager even came by our tables to refill our glasses for us, though the drinks were self-serve from a fountain. the place was not busy when we got there, but it picked up as we were finishing our meals. Great food - great service - great vibe. I hope this place sticks around. Definitely would eat there again. Looking forward to it, even!
This place was so bad on so many levels I'm not even sure where to begin. Our server kept calling me honey.. and seemed to be in such a hurry she wouldn't stop and listen to me. You know how needy I can get and need to be listened too and heard. We started by ordering the Baked Spinach and Artichoke Dip..  what I couldn't understand is 1, how did the chef let this go out and 2, no one but us could smell the scorched burnt smoke coming off the dish. This thing was so badly burned and scorched it was completely inedible. Sent it back and she didn't even offer to bring another one. Perhaps it was because they were so busy they just wanted the food to go out?So I ordered their Famous BBQ Ribs.. I hate complaining to much but these were old ribs.. maybe maybe a day or 2 before.. pork takes on a funky taste when its fridged for to long.. the texture of the meat (when you could find any) was like jerky. I happily ate my Creamed Spinach (2 star yummy) and didn't eat more then 2 bones of the ribs. When the waitress came to clear the plates (she never checked on us) she asked if I was full. I told her that the ribs weren't to my liking.. she smiled and asked if I wanted dessert. Over all I would never come back to Don and Charlie's.. aside from the  Creamed Spinach, which I can make myself, there weren't many redeeming qualities. A shame too because it's so close to the house. I don't get it because the Yelps are so good. Maybe they were having  a bad night? It was so bad I wouldn't ever go back to find out.
If there was a way I could give this restaurant NO stars, I might have.  The chips and salsa are the ONLY thing that requires a star here.The service was less than average, the food was hotter than the surface of the sun, and the drinks were teeny tiny (and didn't much taste like alcohol).  My husband ordered a green chile dish and it came smothered in red sauce, when he asked the waiter if it looked green or red, the server said, "nope that's what green looks like".  WOW!Sorry but I don't think I will be returning.
Handmade, in-store fine candies aand chocolates are awesome (way better than See's, but higher priced).  The owners are really great people!
Eating in is a decent experience, but for delivery, I have yet to meet their match.  When I order delivery I always get a 16" chicken pizza with alfredo sauce on top, and for the last 6 years I have received it in 30 minutes or less all but 2 times.  Its always tasty, fresh, and is my preeminent food for delivery, ever, period.
I love boba drinks but hate the word "boba". I always feel like an ape when I say that word.  Anyways.There was a period where I use to drink this stuff at least 3 times a week when I was living in San Francisco, so when I say I love something, I really do (or is it more like a creepy obsession?) So! When I found a boba place here I got excited, especially when I saw that they had green milk tea.I can't vouch for all of their drinks, as I've only tried the green milk tea and avocado snow, but every time I have ordered them they have been super good.
An interesting concept that didn't end up being what I hoped for.  I was pretty excited to try the Posh Noodles & Noshes Japanese street food as prepared by Josh Hebert.  I love Japanese food and was looking forward to the dishes that are not readily available in Phoenix.  Unfortunately I was underwhelmed by both the venue and the food.The location inside the Lexington Hotel has definitely seen better days.  An attempt has been made to create a temporary generic space with chalkboard walls and butcher paper topped tables.  However, it came across as worn and dingy.Our waitress was not familiar with the menu or drink offerings ('I didn't work here last night') but was friendly and did find out answers from other staff.  Foolishly thinking that we would love each and every dish and take home a lot to enjoy the next day, we tried a large assortment.  An expensive mistake.Duck Gyoza w/ Ponzu - I prefer steamed gyoza over the fried presentation here.  Also, these had the tiniest, greasy portion of filling I have ever seen.Homemade Tofu w/ Ginger, Scallion, Cherry Blossom - this was good, with a sweet, dessert-like flavor but a somewhat runny texture.Okonomiyaki - this 'Japanese pizza' was among the better items.  However, the texture of the ingredients was strange - i.e. full slices of bacon rather than smaller bite-sized pieces made greasier than it needed to be and messy to eatTako Yaki - again, a strange texture with awkward large chunks of octopus surrounded by 'breading' that fell apart easilyThe ramen dishes (Miso Ramen w/ Pork, Goma Ramen w/ Pork and Shitake Mushroom Rames) were small, and more or less indistinguishable from one another.   We left most of them behind, deciding not to take anything with us.The dessert, Green Tea Pot de Crème was a nice finish but did not make me feel better overall about the $100+ meal.
I think all the 5 star reviews are from people who work here, of which there must be 500.  Look at the trend all 5s then 2,3 and a few 4s.  I HATE that.First off, it bills itself as a steak/chop house or American Grill- whatever that is.  It is not a Steakhouse, despite have butcher in the name.Lets start with the ambiance:  Don't ever sit in the back room, it is so loud it is like trying to eat in a drum.  Also, what is up with the TV?  If I wanted to watch TV while I ate I would stay at home, or go to a sports bar.Next the service:  It sucked.  There must have been 20 Servers, yet service was slow and inattentive.  I know the place is new, but they did not even have a wine list printed.  When we asked for the wine list, they first said they did not have one.  Sitting in the back room, I could see the freaking bottles.  Then, they sent us the manager, who was clueless.  She then the Bar manager.  Who looked like he used word to type up what he thought he had.  He was knowledgeable about wine at least.   Other than that the servers were slow and did not know the menu well.Drinks:  My Dad ordered a Margarita, it was awful.  We complained to our server who sent over the Bar Manager.  The bar manager made him a second one, which was passable.  For that price it should have been great.  I ordered a draft IPA, they were out.  I got a 22 bottle it was good.  My mom got a 7 and 7, it was fine.   Now the Wine, WAY over priced.  An average markup is about double, it was triple or more here.  I.E. a $12 bottle at the store should be about $20-24 in a restaurant, it is $36+ here.No valueFood:  Meh at best.  The best part of the meal was the Cheese/meat plate.  Me and my Dad had the Ribeye.  The meat was drowned in a sweet sauce with mushrooms and cauliflower, I liked the Sauce, My dad did not.  But the sauce really over powered the steak.My mom had the Pork and Beans, she loved it.  All in all not the worst meal I ever had, but no value here.Dessert:  I would not know, I am allergic to Peanuts and True nuts, not a single desert was nut free.  My Mom had the peanut butter cup - she loved it.  Also, they had no dessert wines, or any after dinner drinks.Value:  $80 a person with food, wine, and drinks. I can think of many other places I could go and get a better meal for that price, or less! For example,  We had dinner at the Tuck shop the night before, the meal was great, and drinks and dinner was $80 Total!
I read that the guy who owns GoDaddy shot an elephant...at night...using spotlights...I'm thinking his fully tumescent "manhood" must be the size and color of a 7 year old raisin...I can't imagine what he thought he was proving by felling one of these magnificent creatures with high powered/laser sighted rifle from 500 yards away, while it stood transfixed by the spotlights glare.There was a word that we used for poachers that did the same thing while hunting deer, when I was a kid back in Oregon..."Asshole".He did prove to me that I will need to move any and all business I can away from GoDaddy..."vote with your feet"...but I guess that's another review.The Beautiful Carin and I were in Scottsdale on business this past week and we take these opportunities to spend time with those near and dear to us!At the very tippy top of the "near and dear" list is our lovely daughter, Whitney.Whit is a Vegan...with a capital "Vege"...and she was distraught by the wanton slaughter of an African elephant by some dot bomb misogynist.So she was thrilled that her meat lovin' daddy was going to take her to Green for dinner...an experience so very alien to me that I made Carin pick up a pound of fully cooked bacon and bring it to dinner in her purse for me...just in case!I am not a Vegan...I was born and raised on a cattle ranch...I do love a good medium rare rib-eye...I don't think it hurts Elsie the Cow to have a teat twiddled so I can have cream in  my coffee or cheese on my burger...and yet, the elephant deal brought a tear to my daughters eye and touched my black flinty excuse for a heart!I checked Yelp and saw that while my Vegan friends on yelp love this place, my decidedly carnivorous Yelpy friends were also nearly unanimous in their agreement that Green is foodgasm inducing!We ordered way too much food...Chili Fries, Egg Rolls, a Green Burger, the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich, No Harm Chicken Parm...I barely had room to choke down a couple of Tsoynami's and an oatmeal cookie sandwich!Even after we were stuffed, Whitney took home enough leftovers for a week!The big question about Green is "why didn't I ever eat here, when I lived here...Why?"I don't know...but I will be putting on my hemp cargo shorts, a tie dye t-shirt and growing a neck beard...and I will be eating here again.I like to "fit in".The menu is fairly extensive...the portions are plenty big...the flavors are bright and well defined and the textures and aroma's (always a big deal for me) are both exotic and welcoming.I didn't have to break out the bacon (although I should have taken my flask...no cocktails at Green for Donald...oh well, agave sugar cola was a delightful departure from the ordinary).I really could eat this way on a regular basis...it's that good...I probably won't, but it's nice to know I could!I imagine that Karma will have it's own way of dealing with a self-justifying, trigger happy technotard...for me, the occasional dinner at Green nicely balances the Karmic forces at work in my life...and tastes good, too!
WOW this place is good!  SO good!  And not just yummy good, but intrinsically good.  Check out their amazing list of environmentally responsible business practices - http://essencebakery.com/essence_bakery_environmentally_friendly.shtml !  That, and it's cute.  And it tastes Yummy!  And they are SO nice!  SOOO nice!  And their deserts are just disgustingly cute and beautiful and freaking good.  I almost bought the mini box of 4 cupcakes for just $3.50.  Bite sized so not too bad, but if I bought them today they'd be gone before I got home. I got their grilled cheese w/ mozzarella, basil and tomato on grilled buttery brioche bread with a light and tasty green salad on the side.  It will be hard to not come here every week.  I love that all the drinks are refillable - and it's up to you to refill them.  Coffee, tea or soda, just walk on up and fill your glass.  And I love that it's all so fresh and local!  Important note - You order at the counter, they give you a number and bring out your food.  If you're paying w/ debit card, they will ask you if you want to include a tip.  That threw me.  I'd been in the place less than 2 minutes - how do I know if it's worth the tip - or how much of a tip it's worth??  Bring some cash or plan to deal w/ that question accordingly.
I'm going to break this down to explain my two stars. Here we go.THE GOOD: * Great Sindhi biryani - the rice is flavorful, the chicken is tasty, all in all a great dish. * Chicken boti tikka (boneless pieces of marinated chicken grilled in a clay oven) - also tasty, but have had better elsewhere* Naan - Really good stuff. Crisp and soft in all the right places - exactly how it should be made. Better than 95% of other Indo-Pakistani places in the Valley.THE BAD:* Chintzy interior which seemed like you just warped yourself straight back to the Punjab somewhere, complete with water-stained panels on the ceiling. 99.99% of the time, this doesn't faze me at all, but something was a little off and I don't know why.* A surly "aunty type" who's standing behind the register and doesn't even want to greet you unless you're apparently related to her or go to school with her kids* Said "aunty type" disappears into the kitchen for 5 minutes at a time, so you stand around and wait. And wait.* Said "aunty type" expresses nonverbal displeasure when you ask her for anything. Case in point: Asking her for tamarind chutney. Even though you waited for your food for 30 minutes.* Said "aunty type" brings back a tiny plastic cup of goopy, thick tamarind paste. Huh?* Said "aunty type" doesn't say "thank you", smile, or anything when you go up to pay, even though you've been nothing but friendly and appreciative. So much for engaging a potential repeat customer. She could care less about your patronage.THE UGLY:* Big screen TV tuned to some badly acted Indian soap opera about some ancient king of Sri Lanka who tries to get it on with his handmaidens while his brother schemes for the throne while twisting one end of his moustache, but then switched to another channel showing bad, unknown songs from 4th-tier mid-90's Bollywood movies. Although I am not kidding you...there was one video where a guy and a girl were doing their running around and singing thing....in the SWISS ALPS. And then, all of a sudden, in the middle of all that snow, a table appears full of Indian food and an umbrella advertising beer and pretzels. WTF? So, in the end, here's the equation:1 Pretty Good Food - 1 Dubious Dining Room - 1 Surly Aunty Type - 1 Singing/Shrieking Girl/Guy While Eating Curry On The Matterhorn Which Makes No Sense - 1 Overly Randy King of Ancient Sri Lanka Who No One Really Needs To See = 2 Stars.Bah.
What the crap folks? So much "blah blah blah" "this place is so great" spewing from Yelpers and the media that I felt like I was missing out.  I finally went to this damn place and I guess I am missing the point because this was a joke.Their menu has all of about 5 things on it.  Most of them seem reasonably priced until you see their size.  I ordered the Vampiro because it sounded good, had guac, carne asada, and was portrayed as a quesadilla type meal.  Ya, this thing was like the size of a Kennedy half dollar - and half as filling!  What the hell? $4 for this?  I can't even taste the guac!!If I want cheap good mexican food, I guess I'll stick with 'Bertos because this place is a disaster.  At least at 'Bertos I can get more than 5 items and the burritos are Soviet-car-sized.
when i worked in retail my paycheck was spent before i got paid. therefore, i relied heavily on coupons and splitting meals w all of my other poor college friends.well, i hit the jackpot. $15 coupon for a FEAST. the picture on the coupon showed everything we would get: a huge steak, shrimp, and lobster PLUS 2 sides. there were 3 of us- this was PLENTY. it was prom night too so we were initally fooled with how popular it was. popular for prom girls with light up clear shoes (not even lying), if that says anything about the crowd for you...our waitress stops by our booth and just stares at us. one of my friend kinda looks around at me and our other friend, then back at the waitress. 'ill have a diet coke?'then our waitress writes it down and doesn't say anything but looks at my other friend.i lost it and started laughing. why isn't she talking to us? this is so weird. we ended up asking for a different waitress, then found out the coupon was a big fat liar. you didn't get all of that. it just says you do but you don't. the food ended up being nasty. probably one of the worst meals ive ever had. as we're leaving susy talks a lot waitress trips over my friend and it was all too awkward bc i couldn't control laughing. awful food, awful service, AND the bathrooms were some of the grossest i had ever been in. if wal-mart ran a restaurant, this would be it.
Nooooooooo!  Curse the the gods of all that is delicious, for Huauchinango is now CLOSED.  Replaced by some generic grill that offered us some nachos and quesadillas, thanks for that.  So not only did you replace a great eatery, but you also had to throw in a little bit of extra salt in the wound.  So, I don't think I'll be giving my business to the devil grill anytime soon.  Huauchinango, you shall now only be a distant whiff of habanero al pastor memory. You shall be missed.
A definite four stars, the focus on fresh food and a great breakfast has build a strong following at this destination location in Scottsdale Civic Center. now that i think about it how can i not give this place a 5 stars theirs way to much creativity and freshnewssness in the fruit, veg and the nectar of the gods, Coffee, all packed into one nice bright orange place.  Old Town has a few breakfast spots but this is one you have to find.  can i say I hope to see this as a Scottsdale yelp "hidden gem."As for my last meal I had the prosciutto melt and it went past expectations, the fresh basil really added the extra taste.  Service was ok, a typical cafe style, the restaurant does not seek to be over pertinacious, the look is clean and the cafe is a really nice touch with options to order and go.   So many Little restaurants like this keeps me looking for the next one.  Don't forget for later in the night AZ 88 is just down a few steps.  Happy breakfast,KevinPS there seems to be some kind of yelp trend, does a hand full of yelps make a difference in a restaurant, does that have a yelp definition when this happens.
I've been to Barrio twice now.  Simply put, I do not believe that it is worth the prices that they charge. The first time I went there was with the pseudo boyfriend and he adored his meal, and so I embraced it and loved it.  The second time was last night for Dottsy's birthday dinner.  Dottsy and I ordered up the guacamole that everyone raves about.  We were unimpressed, as we had huge chunks of avocado in there and have both made our own guacamole and didn't see what the big fuss was about.  I've had the enchiladas suizas and enchiladas de hongas and although they weren't bad- they were not amazing.  Not worth the 16 bucks, at all.  Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't complain about the cost if it tasted like it was worth it, but not so much.Because it was Dottsy's birthday, they brought her a complimentary flan which we both agreed was pretty tasty flan.  So, if you are a flan person, this may be a place to check out.  I am not a flan person- too jiggly (which makes me think of what fat looks like on a person's body which stops me from eating it).The two things that make this place worth going for are the margaritas and the service.  The margaritas are 50% tequila and fabulous- I usually just stick to the house margarita and am satisfied.  The people that work at Barrio are friendly and cool.  I imagine that they all enjoy working there.I don't really ever need to go back to Barrio, unless I'm craving a serious margarita served up by a cute hipster.  I'd go for a drink or two and then go elsewhere for dinner.
Lets just set the record straight here. Zoe's serves Mediterranean just like Qdoba serves Mexican.When I say just like the Q, I mean the entire experience. Walking into the shop gives more of a cookie cutter national chain feel; which is probably because they are in fact a chain of restaurants. Zoe's food was average and unimpressive. I did like the hummus though. Their prices similar to independent and family operated Mediterranean around the valley; in some cases more. I would prefer to visit Cypress Grill, just up the street from this location, they're my favorite Medi in CenPho so far. The staff here was friendly, they took our order promptly and served the food within a few minutes. Don't get me wrong, the food was in no way "bad", per se. I just can't shake the feeling of "I've had better" when thinking about my experience.If you're looking to fill your belly with food just because it's time to eat, this might just be the place for you. If you're interested in a great Mediterranean meal, I implore you to please try something new. I likely won't be returning, we do live in the city of a million restaurants, go out and choose one! (but don't take me at my word on that just made up fact).Happy Yelping Phoenix, now where's my hummus?
Great Pizza! Great food! Great service! Still, this place isn't perfect....BE PREPARED TO WAIT! Alright, most people seem to know this going in (we did too). However, when you arrive at 7:00pm, and they say you won't be seated until 11:30pm, that doesn't mean you can put your name in and show up at 11...which we almost found out the hard way: **At 10:00pm they will do one last head count. If you're not in the vicinity, soooorrrrry!** Luckily we were calling in every hour for updates (which they recommend, btw). At 9:40pm we called and got the news that we better be there for the last head count (information we probably could have used earlier), and had to hurry on back from our meanderings downtown. At 10:00pm we were deemed worthy to stay on the list and wait another 45 minutes or so.Service: the hostess knows she holds all the cards--sort of like the lady at the cash register for the Soup Nazi. However, a smile was all it took to get one back from her for me. Still, I can see how others might misconstrue her attitude as something less than cordial. Our server was great though! Very helpful and fun. He was as excited to serve us as we were to eat there. Good stuff!The pizza is indeed great! But after waiting 4 hours, I was expecting the heavens to part and birds to sing and the ground to shake. Nope. Just made-from-scratch, meticulously-thought-out, high-quality pizza. A light and airy, smoky crust, a decent sauce and fresh mozzarella formed the basis of the Sonny Boy and Wise Guy pizzas that we tried. The quality and tastiness of the toppings were also apparent. We were impressed. This was absolutely great pizza--one of the best we've ever had. ...I just don't know if I'll hurry back to Pizzeria Bianco to wait that long again.
I've been hearing about these cheesecakes from my husband and his incessant twitter following and I was really excited to try some of the goods at the market this past Saturday.We finally woke up early enough on a Saturday morning to hit up Matt's and then peruse the market before it got too hot.  We made our way over to the cheesecake table and then debated between 10 or so flavors.  He had key lime and chocolate chip out to sample and I decided to try the key lime.  I was amazed at how natural it tasted.  There was nothing artificial about it, it just tasted exactly like it should.  These are very good, very simple cheesecakes.  I ultimately went with the peanut butter chocolate chip which is extremely tasty.  There are a bunch of different sizes to choose from, all at very fair prices.  YUMMY!
A definite favorite in the neighborhood.The happy hour menu is always interesting and good. In several visits I've never had anything that wasn't delicious, and the beers on special are uniformly impressive.
BEST CARNE ASADA (GRILLED SLICED STEAK), HACIENDA-STYLE HOSPITALITY. A MEXICAN FOOD EXPERIENCE IN THE THEME-PARK STYLE.--colorful, tasteful, vibrant ambiance in the country-hacienda style; kudos to the designers with an eye for detail;--dining room draws natural light from the delightful patio windows to the vaulted ceilings above;--this place and the adjacent ranch market are a "must-do" for tourists (bring your out-of-towners here);--Don't miss the Parrilla (grilled platter); one "portion" serves two; choose three meats and voice your tortilla preference;--grilled vegetables include nopales (cactus), Mexican zucchini squash, jalapenos (consumed whole, took me to five hiccups before my stomach settled), and baby onion stalks (not the typical pile-o-fajita yellows);--both rice and beans served family style, and perfectly flavored. I could just sit and eat bowl after bowl of those beans;--juicy, perfectly cooked shrimp; "asada" goodness knows no bounds;--guacamole is plentiful (no melon-ball scoops of yesterday at $3/ea here!) and freshly made to order; NOW THAT'S what I'm TALKing about !!!--table salsa is spicy with lots of freshly chopped chilis and pureed onions; really good burn;--try the horchata (rice milk and cinnamon sugary goodness) or any of the featured Aguas Frescas.--no fuss over separate checks (and that was for our table of 10!)--pork was a bit dry; is "gamey" possible in pork?--server forgot our desserts and we gave up after 20 minutes (shucks! they were sitting right there on the pass!); the manager refunded us promptly and then packaged them to-go.After so many recent disappointments on rock-hard rubbery shrimp, I _finally_ found a place that grills properly, excellent marinade, and with the freshest ingredients. If you get the impression that you are amidst a food operation staffed by thousands, you are correct: several hundred are working in the kitchens next door making tortillas, cheese, asada, aguas and more!If you don't have a filthy-rich Mexican relative with a hacienda (Mexican mansion) across the border, this may be the closest you'll get without an invitation. The mostly-abandoned courtyard is centered with a gigantic fountain, lined with what could be booths for a seasonal market, bodas, or other festival. In the corner a lush garden with a somewhat secret door leading to la sala, the grand room.Don't miss the Ranch Market next door; you won't see retail food sold in this quantity anywhere else in town. Take your camera.
Tandoori TimesVolume 1, Issue 1, Number 1.  Limited run.  Copyright 2009, Mejimbo Enterprises.  All Rights Reserved.  Dateline 7 May 2009Scottsdale, Arizona    Yelpers Jim W and Audrey W were reportedly seen enjoying lively conversation and delicious Indian food with Donald S and Carin S.  Witnesses claim the group was laughing loudly at times.  One bystander reported, "That was a guffaw.  That outburst right there was definitely a guffaw.  Wild stuff."    Sources have related to this publication that the group dined on two appetizers, one known as a bread basket which consisted of four types of naan bread.  Jim W was overheard to say, "I really like the onion naan."  The other appetizer may have been Aloo Tikki.  This has not been confirmed as yet.  In any case the plate containing the reported Aloo Tikki was cleaned by the foursome, several even going so far as to swab at the remaining sauce on the plate.    The above sources also reported that the table was served an order of the Friday daily special of Kahari Shrimp.  It was overheard by a nearby table that the shrimp was "...flavorful with strong notes of garlic and ginger."  This has not substantiated, however.    Audrey W reportedly was served the Lamb Korma which she was rumored to have noted was "Yummy."    Carin S apparently was served the Chicken Masala and Donald S may have been served some sort of Vindaloo that included potato.  It seems there was considerable sharing of the dishes around the table and the main dishes may have been spooned over what some experts have suggested was a basmati rice with various herbs and spices.    An unnamed source has informed this publication that while Jim W claims to have particularly enjoyed the food and festive atmosphere which included a belly dancer and some swordplay, he was displeased with the excessive sound level produced by the in-house sound system and even requested that the music be reduced.    Jim W's blog had a statement this morning that read, in part; "...ears haven't hurt the next morning like that since my last rock concert.  I really liked the food but I wouldn't go back on a night when they have dancing again."
After SMOCA opening night, I just wanted to relax with some friends and not go get wasted or have to wait a long time to get a seat at a trendy bar on a Friday night. Oh yeah, and get something to eat. I had remembered some generally good reviews of Drift, had noticed it when going to shows at Martini Ranch, and really wanted something with coconut (?).After a terrifying short-cut with a walking GPS that I was sure was leading us to our death (or at least led us to dog-shit on the sidewalk at one point), we ended up here with a nice enough door guy. Inside I was really impressed. It was a lot nicer than I thought it would be, more sophisticated and while it was Tiki-themed, I thought it was very tongue in cheek COOL interpretation of tiki (very hard to pull off). We asked for a booth and got one near the door (which lead to superior people watching later). Our booth was creamy, spacious, left us with no ass swamp, (although the acoustics were a little bad-I had trouble hearing someone two people away) and showed us more intimate tables in very Ikea-esqe and mod black leather. This place is surprisingly classy. The giant aquarium at the bar was goregous and if I ended up here with one other person, I would def. sit there.Our waitstaff was extremely sweet, the food (veggie spring rolls, coconut shrimp, and pot stickers) were not that expensive (5-8) and surprisingly good. Kristin and I got two orders of spring rolls. We took the longest time deciding drinks-I got the old fashioned Pina Colada in a coconut shell (YUM) and Erica got the Evil Bastard which was set on fire and it was damn potent. I was very giggly the rest of the night. Looking around, this WAS not a pick up scence. Groups of friends just sat around chatting. On the way to the bathrooms, a small open lounge was dominated by one party having a lot of fun. The bathroom sink blew my mind and I still don't know what sets it off...although my theory is some dude needs to flush the toilet for water to come down and vice versa. I started freaking out in my drunky state, saying "I have soapy hands goddamit! And I'm smart! How does this shit turn on!" wiping my hands on the sink with tiny amounts of water.Overall, a very chill scene with a bizarre assortment of people (bro dogs, homely couples, musicians, barbies, and just regular folks) perfect for a second or third date for a casually romantic drink or two.
Okay I have found my new favorite "home office!"  I don't have an office for my agency yet so coffee shops tend to be where I get most of my work done.Last week I checked out Echo Coffee for a client meeting and we both really liked it.  Today I returned and spent a few hours working at Echo Coffee on their wi-fi. It was such a nice break from my usual home office at Starbucks.  Walking into Echo Coffee you can instantly tell its a different type of coffee experience.  The environment is very relaxing, music is not blasting so customers don't have to scream over each other, and they have great big couches in the back.  Of course atmosphere and great coffee needs to be in balance and it definitely was at Echo.The coffee is really good and love very fair price for the quality you get (my 2 favs are Cappuccino at $2.75 and $3.75 for large Chai Latte).  My chai latte came in a big ceramic mug.  I don't know about you but there is just something special enjoying coffee out of big mugs and not recyclable paper cups.A surprising first for me is getting actual lunch at a coffee place and was pleasantly surprised to find the food was also really good.  Can you tell I am a fan yet?  I ordered a Curry Chicken sandwich and it was huge and delicious so finished the whole thing.  There was a nice bonus on the plate - Mango Chutney so make sure you get that if you order lunch at Echo.  I would have loved just a bowl of that and bread as its flavor was so good.  I need to find out where they get this from as I want to have it at home. About $12.50 for my huge Chai tea and curry chicken sandwich.
Here's the 1. 2. 3...1. Great Food. I love hot New Mexico style food. Good job.2. They have a little brewery and make 3 house beers. Unfortunately, they're all shitty.3. They could REALLY improve the service. No Bueno! We'll be back for the food. It might be take out next time though!4-17-11 Update: Some asshole who was clearly affiliated with Arribas contacted me via private message to slam me for my review. I hope the yelp police find you and pull you off the site. More importantly, I hope more people read my review and stay away from this restaurant. Good Food folks, just get it to go! To Bryan L. and the rest of the gang over at Arribas....Go EFF yourselves! You get one star and NO more of my money!!!!!!! Learn how to work, Kid!
3+ meals for $10.75? GREAT DEAL! Ask for your meal to go, so you don't have to pay 50 cents for take out box :)How do you get 3+ meals, you might ask? PACKING & SMUSHING! First, add some meat, and use the wax paper to pack down the meat all along the sides and the bottom of the bowl. Try to avoid empty spaces in between every piece of meat. Then add your vegetables, and smush it all down with the wax paper with each layer of veggies you add. Make sure to add enough meat and veggies so that your have a flat surface up to the brim of the bowl. Add lots of green onions for extra flavor.I recommend using the wheat noodles, because you can create a taller mountain of noodles and it's healthier!Advice for the sauce: ADD LOTS OF IT. Since you're now a packing queen/king, you can't use the recipes on YC's wall, either double up or triple up.Ask the nice Mongolian BBQ chefs to add pineapples and cilantro, and then when they finish cooking up your food, add some sesame seeds for that lil extra somethin somethin!
I used to live off this place. They cut their meats and cheeses fresh like a real deli, so already it kicks the shit out of Subway, Quiznos, and every other fast food deli chain that offers up pre-packaged meats. Their bread and cookies are fresh as well. For some reason, this location has better tasting food than any other Port-o-Subs I've been to. Don't know why.There's always a long line at lunch, but it moves fast. There's some good people watching to be done here - cops eat here, firemen eat here, doctors and nurses eat here, and you also get the entire spectrum of downtown Scottsdale folk... sometimes you would think you arrived at a costume party or they are filming a new Village People video. I don't know what it is and I don't know that it matters either, but good looking people eat here. Whatever you want to make of that... Most of the people that work here are really nice and competent. They keep this place pretty clean as well. Once I noticed some fruit flies buzzing around by the soda machine and was told they sometimes come with the fresh fruit they get for the smoothies (which are fantastic). Outside of that, I can't complain about this sub shop and I eat here all the time... it's almost just about as good as a non-chain place.
After reading the great reviews and getting plenty of recommendations to try Fez, I had the awesome opportunity to test it out last night at my first Yelp event and I am in love!  From the bright decor to the delicious food to the amazing service (I mean everyone who works there actually looks like they enjoy their job and are having a good time!) this place is 5 star.  I love the cozy lounge feel and could easily see myself enjoying several hours of delicious cocktails and conversation with friends.  This would be a great spot for dinner, drinks, or even an event (another Yelp event please!).Highlights:Tasty drink menuFabulous wicker tables and trendy IKEAish styleGreat part of townSexy servers...dangImpress someone: Take them to FEZ!
FINALMENTE!!!Andiamo....FOOD--------Appetizer: Fritto Misto, which is a trio of fried appetizers. For the day, ours included a cheese, a stuffed olive, and whole leaves of broccolini. The cheese wedge was great (I wish I remembered what it was), and have you ever had a deep fried veal-stuffed olive? Very interesting. The flash-fried broccolini took a little getting used to, since the leaves kept crumbling as I was trying to eat them, but still tasty, if subtle.Main: Orecchiette alla Puttanesca. Man. This is the real deal. Orecchiette is the "little ear" pasta and "alla puttanesca" means it's made "whore style". And what a beautiful, classy, yet very vibrant whore she is.The pasta was cooked just perfectly, and even though puttanesca sauce usually goes with a stringier pasta (spaghetti, linguini, etc.) it worked really well with the orecchiette. And the sauce. Holy mother, this streetwalkin' hussy of a sauce with its 12 ingredients: capers, breadcrumbs, anchovy sauce, garlic, olives, basil, olive oil, and, uh, the other 5. The flavors were a perfect, clear-heeled harmony. Nothing overpowered the other. Subtle and humble home food. It really tasted just like something my Italian friends' mothers would cook in their kitchen.As for the servings, when I first got my bowl I was thinking, "oh ok, this is a European serving. I'm still going to be starving after this." And, um, nope. Why? Because I slowed down. I savored my meal, and took my time with the dish. And by the end, was I hungry? Not at all. I really enjoyed this meal. And the serving was just right. Complimentary packs of long breadsticks are also found on each table. SERVICE-------------Very friendly, efficient, and willing to go through the menu in detail and answer any more questions about the restaurant. Dishes were brought out in a timely manner and there was never any rush after the meal was completed to clear the table. And the mood inside Pastabar was palpable. Everyone looked happy, excited, and relieved that the restaurant was finally open for business. And I felt the same for them. SETTING-------------I would say the space was just the right size. Not a cavernous place in the least. Probably the same size as Sens, maybe  even a little smaller. It's tucked away in the very back of the hallway of the building, so much so that I completely missed it when I was IN THE HALLWAY the previous afternoon looking for it. But I like it a little hidden off, actually. The colors inside are warm, with a modern bistro feel. No windows looking outside but I didn't mind that. There is seating at the bar, a few two-tops up front, and larger tables in the back. Selections from different Shins albums made up the soundtrack throughout the dinner, and while the music sounds like it could be incongruous with a bunch of little ears cooked whore-style, it worked. I definitely don't think this is going to be as "scene-y" as Sens. It has a completely different vibe. EXTRA CRIB NOTES-----------------------------* the main courses of Pastabar are pasta and ONLY pasta. No veal parm here. And no hoikey sauces like Olive Garden-y alfredo or a jar of sugary Prego.* It's great* Prices for antipasti range from $7-$11-ish and mains $11-ish to $18. I spent around $26 with tax and a nice tip.* it's great* No liquor license (yet). For now, sparkling waters, lemonades, a number of sodas (including root beer & cream soda). * it's great* complimentary valet awaits the diners, if you're averse to parking close by yourself.* it's great* It's open till midnight on weeknights and 2 am on weekends! What more could you ask for?* did I tell you it's great?ALL IN ALL---------------An awesome asset to the area and I'm very content. And as much as I loved my whoreish little ears, all the other pastas on the menu sounded incredible and I can't wait to try them all. I'm wishing these guys much success and giving them gratitude to finally being open. A few minor kinks to be worked out (and I wasn't as into the appetizer as I was my entree) so it's not totally perfect but they have started out very strong, and it's only Day 2.And here I was thinking my days of giving out 5 stars were over (ok, more like 4.55 and rounding up)...
I recall my first visit to Carolina's...The time? About 1 PM.As my GPS says "You have arrived at your destination," I frantically look. I see nothing that looks like a hole in the wall restaurant!Well, I review the exact address, and note that the address (1202 Mohave Street) matches the "ghetto" building with all the nice cars parked afront."Well, that must be it!"I park. Then I walk up to the door. The entrance reminded me of a homeless shelter or food bank.As I entered, the restaurant was filled with people.Since then, I have repeated visits to Carolina's with a few favorites...- Chips and Salsa- Shredded Beef Taco (Crispy)- Cheese Quesadillas- Cheese EnchiladasThe food is low-priced. For example, tacos are about $2 each. Burritos are about $4 each.Additional Notes:- Closes relatively early in the evening.- Serves breakfast.
Had lunch here today after hearing all the colossal raves about it. However, once I walked in, I realized that any semblance of having an authentic Chinese meal went out the window (no offense, my hungry white friends!). I decided to try it out anyway, was seated by a friendly waiter and ordered the hot & sour soup (they were able to sub in chicken instead of pork - bonus) and the waiter recommended the house chicken to me. I asked for it to be made really spicy, knowing full well it wasn't going to be (no one EVER listens to me when I demand the food be spicy - listen, dammit, I'm brown, people). Anyway, that's my issue.The hot & sour soup arrived, and it was excellent. I was happy. Nothing mars a Chinese meal more than beginning it with a bowl of shiteous soup. Then came the house chicken (with string beans added for $1). Steamed rice costs another extra buck - I get annoyed when Chinese restaurants don't make it complimentary, but again, my issue. Anyway, the chicken was just ok. Nothing amazing and it still ended up feeling pretty heavy. So that dish I'm more willing to give it 2.5 stars. So why did I bump up the star wattage? I guess the service. The waiter:* noticed I wasn't devouring my dish and offered to switch it for any other dish of my choice, no extra charge. Who does this nowadays - in a Chinese restaurant no less? Extra star.* is from the SF Bay Area like myself, so he gave me the lowdown for good Asian food in Phoenix (for dimsum he recommended Golden Buddha first, Great Wall second, C-Fu third - then for Vietnamese he recommended some place on 19th Ave between Indian School & Camelback.) He agreed that Thai, Korean, and sushi in Phoenix is kind of a letdown compared to California, but almost all the Asian restaurants (he admitted, including China Chili) cater to their core customers, who by sheer demographics are pretty much not Asian. That said, he told me that China Chili is THE place people go to for Chinese food, including Chris Bianco (of Pizzeria Bianco), the mayor, folks from Channel 10 news, the owner of the Diamondbacks, etc. etc. So take that for what you will.* When I asked if this China Chili was affiliated with..."oh, the one in Fremont? No. But people say that place is good and fancy and has an electric piano." Bonus points for knowing that.Anyway, he recommended I come back and get the Mongolian beef next time, which I'll definitely do, plus the hot & sour soup. I didn't mind the big open seating area - many Chinese restaurants in SF are like this, loud and raucous. All in all, China Chili is a case where service overcame the food (again, how often does that happen?) to come back and give it another shot. And there you have it.
Weekend plans prevented me from kicking off AZ Restaurant Week on Saturday. So on Monday, Venyse and I headed to White Chocolate Grill where we both had our cherries popped.We started out with the spinach artichoke dip. The blends of cheeses made this perhaps the single most spectacular dip I've ever had the honor of putting in my mouth. O.M.G. Venyse and I were practically clawing at the bowl to get the last of its creamy loveliness. But when you hit a home run so soon in the game, the rest of a meal can seem at odds.However, I was not daunted. She ordered the New York Strip with a side of mashed potatoes (with good gravy...what exactly is that?) and roasted carrots; I the blackened Mahi [*back story to follow] topped with crab and a side of Israeli couscous. We didn't share our protein, but we sampled each others sides. All were very good, but the carrots really stood out. The gravy and the potatoes were good and I loved my couscous. But halfway through here steak and by the last few bites of my fish, we both hit the wall. A food coma was certain. I persevered but Venyse relented and boxed the rest of her meat and carrots.Then came the white chocolate brownie. So sweet, so rich, so topped with vanilla ice cream. It was all we could to to make a dent in it. We both felt bad, because isn't white chocolate supposed to be their signature ingredient? Regardless, this was a terrific first restaurant to go with which to begin. And we both agreed it would be a place in our future dinner splurges. I also must admit I love LOVE the belt buckles. Having about 42 myself, I was intrigued when I first noticed what I thought read "SWAG" after staring for perhaps too long in that general region of one of the staff. (Really super sorry if that creeped you out.) It's actually WCG.[* When a group of us went to Key West one December to escape of the harsh winter of NWOhio and Detroit, we went to a restaurant the listed "Dolphin" as one of its menu items. I asked in a slightly shocked voice if it was really dolphin, to which the server responded it was actually Mahi. 'Oh,' I responded. 'Then I'll have the veggie burger.' Because even in 1998 I was a food bitch.]
Congratulations on opening the Gilbert location. Glad to see you guys making the shift to the far East Valley. As to be expected, the bruschetta was great. We really enjoyed the Syrah and the Sangiovese. It's really hard to beat the $5 glass/pitcher deal before 5pm, and the board + bottle ($20) on Monday and Tuesday night make for the perfect date night, though it can prove to create a long wait.It was nice to see staff from the other locations making the move out here. Small mishaps and things that get confused in the midst of opening a new restaurant are bound to happen. No worries though, we've been 5 times in the first 10 days, showing that you guys are right on target. Looking forward to getting to know the staff and becoming weekly regulars.
Their rolls are super inventive....and they stay open later than most Sushi Places in the Valley (2am).  Their Happy Hour is insane! Ex: 99 cent beers on Tuesday!I've never had a disappointing meal here, and I am pretty hard to please when it comes to sushi.Recommendations:Signature RollSquid SaladYellowtail CollarboneDrinks, Drinks...drinks.They have a little karaoke room, and full bar you can make use of as well.1 Thing: When it's busy, be prepared to order everything at once...or you will be waiting.
Visited the phoenix public market - open air market - farmers market they have on saturday mornings and decided to give mojo bowl a try! They are at the market for food truck fridays also. Check out their website for their usual schedule. They can take cash or credit (with square).I tried their strawberry banana smoothie and my wife had the Funky Monkey (peanut butter / chocolate blend). They were both great quality with fresh ingrediants. They serve salads, yogurt parfaits, and soup also (which I didn't try) but Ive heard their smoothies was where they shine and they did not dissapoint. Give them a try, at $5.00 for a 24 oz smoothie, you can't really complain about the price - its basically a meal itself.
2.5 stars really. I've been holding off on the review because I stunned myself by paying $6.50 for a macaroon. Really? I did that! Ugh. It was tasty but $6.50!?! And, that's not even counting my breakfast: $9 for a wedge of quiche and a salad (that I didn't want - I just wanted a piece of quiche). I don't mind paying for good food (anyone who knows me knows food is pretty much WHAT I spend my money on... ) but I'm having huge buyer's remorse... over my meal! Something's not right with that.
Go Go here for happy hour! From 4-7pm you can delight in their half priced apps and specialty cocktails. Their sushi rolls are meh, but their teriyaki ribs are falling off the bone, finger lickin' good! The cocktails seem to be concocted for little Asian girls (which is odd since there are no Asian girls in Scottsdale, especially now that my BFF and I are gone) - fruity with cutesy names like "Hello Kitty," "Harajuku Lover," "Shiso Horny," and "Kinki Kooler" just to name a few. My favorite was the "Turning Japanese" which was like biting into a vodka infused pear.Service at the bar was wonderful - Victoria is the one of the cutest bartenders in Old Town (guys, go pay her a visit). Drinks were flowing and the food came out quickly.In addition to the happy hour and Victoria, make sure you check out their restrooms and private karaoke rooms, complete with "entertainment" poles. If you end up spending a long time on their Toto toilets, people will understand why. Seat warmer and a bidet? You'll want to take your business there on a daily basis.
Same great Lolo's fried chicken and waffles without the risk of getting stabbed or shot... and it WAS worth the risk to visit their South Phoenix location on occasion. The food is that good, it might even be the ultimate in comfort food! Lucky for us they have a new Scottsdale location where the most dangerous situation you could encounter might be a hungover Scottsdale "clubber" (who could scratch you with their Ed Hardy bling).The only suggestion I have for them is to drop the prices about 25%
FnB is how every restaurant should be. Unfortunately this will not happen because Pavle Milic, who runs the place, cannot be at every restaurant. This is a small, friendly restaurant in my hood, that just happens to have some of the best food you will find. I always feel welcomed & taken care of by the staff. I've come here with friends, but I've also come alone & felt totally welcome. I like sitting up at the counter, and I've actually met some really great people to chat with there. Pavle & his wife run the place, & they are the kind of people who always make you feel like they are glad you are there.Chef Charlene does things with food that make it amazing, & these are things that I myself could never accomplish. My main cooking skills involve a microwave or a menu. I just wish I had the funds to eat here more often.In conclusion, fabulous food combined with wonderful service make me feel lucky to have FnB in my neighborhood. :)
I went today to meet my daughter for lunch.  We are both big sushi enthusiasts.  The interior and atmosphere was beautiful.  Well appointed.The service was excellent.  We ordered edamame, was good...nothing to rave about.  Not much you can do to mess that up.  Drinks were well poured but exspensive for what you got.  Ordered five different sushi rolls.All five were bland, not much flavor and stale.  The fish was not fresh.Paid $12 for a soft shell crap roll and it tasted days old.  Will not go back.Did here they have good pizza and a happy hour at three.  My daughter says to give it another try.  We'll see... I'll let you know if I do.
Loved the atmosphere most of all.  This is a converted bungalow house that should set an example for downtown revival in the future.   Very respectable selection of beer and wine and a limited menu, but with creative selections.* The house beer, made by Four Peaks, tasted like something made by Four Peaks, which, if you've ever had a beer crafted by Four Peaks, is the sincerest of compliments.*  The "G Red" blended red wine didn't suck.  *  The Ham and Eggs:  Deviled eggs were quite tasty.  The ham was medium-thickly sliced and put on a stick.  Nicely warmed.  How could you possibly f up ham?*  Grilled cheese and tomato soup:  Both quite delicious.* Cheese plate:  Three cheeses with toasted almonds, crackers, dried apricot and apple half.  I've had better cheese.  Not the greatest selections.  Could stand to include a nice blue.An overall pleasant experience, but I agree with Omer K. that the music was distractingly loud.Fortunately, our service was acceptable.  No complaints about it.  Matt even passed through checking on customers a couple times and chatted with us briefly.
Hella, hella pretentious and offering food not at a level to back that up, imo~ No complaints, but nothing worth coming back for.Really bland tacos, bland beans with tacos, decent portions, nice martinis/cocktails. Lemon tart was lemony. Mushroom pizza was mushroomy. Pretty stock Safe White Yuppie Food menu aimed at hitting every upper-class food trend on the map right now. Nothing gets people going like making them feel green AND worldly!Good wait staff, hostess was not on the ball so much, it was a Thursday night near closing time and there were toddlers crawling on top of some tables on the patio and other such perils of family dining. Not a place that I will go on my own or drag my husband to. I understand the appeal for some people, bless their hearts, but this place is just too boring to waste calories on.
We went here for the fabulous UYE. As the restaurant is often empty, Julia though it would be good to give them some business...but in the end it was our group that ended up being given the business. The words highway robbery come to mind, but I guess we weren't really on the highway. The prices listed on the menu really didn't seem that out of line, a bit on the pricey side but nothing alarming. Our waitress slyly sold us a kazillion dollars worth of appetizers that were not on the menu. We got 4 plates which consisted of 4 individual sauces with some stuff in them...one had shrimp, one had chicken, one had pork, and one had chihuahua. Oh wait, I think that was the cheese on top. Anyway, the plate with 4 tablespoons of sauce was not worth the $25...oh wait, we got 4 of them. The waitress also managed to slip two orders of guacamole in on us for $11 a piece. As far as the entrees are concerned, the portions were small and the food was kind of meh. The mole was way too sweet for my taste. The biggest bummer of all was NO BOOZE! The $120 worth of appetizers would have gone over much better if they were washed down with some frosty margaritas. A couple of pitchers and they could have slipped us some $100 flan.Regardless of the price and the mediocre food, it was well worth going for the amazing company of the awesome Phoenix Yelpers. I don't think I would go back for the food though.
I'm a sucker for popcorn, so when I saw a "now open" banner along with the "My Popcorn Kitchen" sign today, my car swerved around the parking lot and grabbed a spot right in front.  I swear, it was out of my control!It turns out, today was the first day this adorable little popcorn/candy shop was open... so lucky me, I get FTR (first to review)!Kim Brush, the owner, was front and center, and welcomed me as I walked in.  She also had a team of people working there that I assume were all training.  They were friendly although it was obvious that I was one of the first customers, so it took longer than necessary to package up my small bag of kettle corn.  The customer before me appeared to have been waiting awhile on her large bag of Puppy Chow (which looked pretty amazing).  The kettle corn I ordered was just the right balance of sweet and salty.  I had to dig deep to exercise my self-control and not demolish the entire bag in one sitting!I took a menu to go as well, and now as I look at it, I can't wait to go back to try more of the unique gourmet popcorn flavors.  Not only do they have the basics (Buttery and Low Salt), but they have all kinds of savory flavors including several different cheeses, Dill Pickle, Salt & Vinegar, and Southwest Jalapeno.  If you're more of a Caramel person, they've got you covered as well, and of course there are a rainbow of Fruity Delights and Decadent Chocolate flavors too!  Popcorn Bags come in all sizes from Mini to Party and range in price from $1 to $149.95.  You can also order tins, boxes, and/or pots of popcorn and this place ships anywhere in the U.S.A.Congrats on your Grand Opening, My Popcorn Kitchen.  Let the popcorn parties begin!
Maybe I'm being generous, but CPK is an okay place for unique pizza. I've always enjoyed their Santa Fe pizza, but this time I thought I'd try their Greek pizza. It was o-k. Nothing special. Too many veggies, without enough meat, cheese and Tzatziki sauce to counter-balance it. What really bothered me was that they sat my sister and me right behind the kitchen. I don't think they should even have a table right there. I saw everything that was going on in there. Plus, I kept hearing the servers complaining to their boss about shit. One girl was saying something about another server "not liking her." I felt like I was in a high school cafeteria. And, to top it off, it was FREEZING in there. It is never a good idea to have it soooo cold, that your patrons want to get the hell out of there to warm up!But, besides my few complaints, it is a fine establishment, although it could definitely improve. I'm sure I'll go back again. But, maybe the next time,I'll stick with my old stand by -- the Santa Fe.
Yeah...notsomuch.Sprinkles is sooooooooo not worth the wait . Or the chaos. Or the hype. Or the attitude from the morons who work there. Other things that are terrible about Sprinkles include...- The cupcakes are not that great. I ordered two. The vanilla was okay, the cinnamon was dry and chalky and I really disliked it.- This place is a disorganized mess. - There is no rhyme or reason to any of the ordering process. My friends and I were carefully watching the ordering process and we actually think they decided to choose the dumbest and most irrational methods to take orders and dispense cupcakes. Just stupid.- The owners must have purposely only hired people who cannot think for themselves or make decisions. No sane person could possibly work here without being like "um...there might be a better way to do this..."- Also, the employees were rude. Did I mention dumb?So get this: I attempted to order a bottle of water. I told the clerk it's 100+ degrees outside, I walked there and I'm realllllllly thirsty. The idiot at the counter told me "You can order a water here but you must wait for your name to be called to receive the water and pay for it." I pointed out that the water was RIGHT THERE and there wasn't anyone currently paying or using the register. Couldn't she just sell me a water? She said "NO" and proceeded to WRITE DOWN MY ORDER (just the word "water") on a cupcake order slip. She then told me to stand there and wait for my name to be called so she could HAND ME THE WATER and then ring me up.I was all sorts of thirsty and all sorts of moody that day so I got really ghetto on her ass and was all like OH HELLLLLL-TO-THE-NO!" I said "It's quite simple. Just hand me the water and I will hand you money. End of discussion." (There are the actual words out of the mouth!)She looked really mad and also possibly terrified of me and my 5'4" 110 lbs of fury. Thankfully she handed me my water so I did not have to stab her. Which was good because I was waaaaaaaaay too thirsty to stab anyone. I must be properly hydrated in order to commit crimes of passion. And I'm mad crazy passionate about my cupcakes, yo.
Did you know that Malee's on Main offers cooking classes!?  They offer them twice a month during tourist season and once per month during the rest of the year.  I attended two weeks ago, and it was OUTSTANDING!  Not only did we learn to cook Thai (which, incidentally, it was significant to learn that Thai gets its flavor by layering is sauces), but we were given the recipes for some of the signature dishes, served tastings, a meal, and wine pairings, and we were even given goody bags.  It was a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon with another foodie!
This review is for the cooking class...I was told about this class by my favorite Thai joint in Chandler. My mom and I went not really knowing what to expect.The class is held on a Staurday. When Chris called to confirm our reservation he made sure to let us know that a cab my be needed to take us home...sounds good to me.The classroom is small seating about 20 people at the most. There were mimosas waiting for us. The class started with introductions to the variuos Thai cooking ingredients. I found this information so interesting. How do you know which fish sauce to buy, what the different pastes smell and taste like, how to grow your own Lemongrass and so much more. We started by making Siamese Kisses. It was all hands on and really fun. The next was a fresh red curry paste. Then we compared the fresh to the store bought brand. What a difference!The Arizona Heatwave was next. So Delish. The final dish was Asian Pumpkin Custard.We tasted everything along the way and then they served us HUGE portions of the items for lunch with a Champange paring.The Chamange paring was also very informative and the pours were never ending. He was right about having a DD lined up...The staff really cares about the food they produce and will make any dietary adjustments you may need.I really had a great time.
Ice Ice Baby...Ice Ice Baby...All right stop collaborate and listen;Ice Now is here and it's got my attention Make some drinks - not warm but frosty;And believe me when I say they are not costlyWill it ever melt? yo I don't know.Give them a call and they'll showTo the extreme I yelp like a sandal;Ice your drinks and get lit like a candle... Ice ice babyPS - not sure where the sandal line came in but writing a review in lyric form is a challenge!  This is the best I can do for now...Need ice for an event?  Call Ice Now! They offer free delivery and their pricing is surprisingly cheap.And good luck getting the Ice Ice Baby lyrics out of your head... (sorry)!
Okay...I have been going here for a while and I love the place and the food!  I am surprise it hasn't had as many reviews as it should.  The truth is I come back to support local businesses in my neighborhood...I would come here anyday than go to a Fast Food burger joint..The trailor that the restaurant is in is the cutest thing you will ever see...straight out of a 50's picture!  Its small but fitting...The food is very fresh..I love their cheeseburgers and hotdogs..I sometimes even get some of their mango salsa/chutney on the side..they get it from this lady that homemakes it..Not the cleanliness place but I guess thats what makes it tastes so great!!:)  Its the extra grease...I know that just sounds horrible, but true!Anyways, support locals and their businesses...go go go!!!
Somehow while attempting to write an update to my original incredibly witty Sprinkles review, I edited the original review in error, resulting in the loss of my original incredibly witty review, worthy of many UFC's.  Now my 18 fans are stuck with my incredibly less witty new review.Believe it or not, I actually had not been to Sprinkles in well over a year.  Unbelievable, I know, considering I live close by.  Maybe that says something.  Something along the lines of I'm not really anxious to pay more for a single cupcake than it costs me to make a dozen or two at home.  But what do you do when it's August and the thought of adding any more heat to the kitchen just won't do, and yet you really need a cupcake?  Well, you go stand in a line 12 deep to pay $14 for 4 cupcakes.I've been to Sprinkles maybe 4 times now, and they've been pretty consistent.  I do like their frosting, but I find the cake to be somewhat dry and flavorless IMO.  And I'm always surprised by the line here.  Are people that much in love with Sprinkles, or is it that most of the population is not able to read the directions on a Betty Crocker box?  I'm not saying Sprinkles is bad.  It certainly has its place in my life for a cupcake fix, particularly when I know if I make 12, I'll eat 12.  But I wouldn't go so far as to say I'm a fan.  Unless they lower their price to $1, then I'll be their biggest fan.
Boy is the name a temptation.Seriously :)  I'll try to be fair though but I'm writing at a time were this restaurant was truly life changing. So much so that I'm buying a dining room table, additional gear for the kitchen and not frequenting any chain while I'm in my hometown based on the strength of this experience. Even in a good mood this place wouldn't be breaking a 2.5 . I'm not in a good mood.  Texas cheese fries. Pretty tasteless,mess of uncrisp steak fries that are meant to be Monterrey jack , cheddar and bacon. Either the cheese mixed itself together really well or that's not what I had. Bacon , mm that is a very generous term for the toe nail clippings of meat that ended up atop it. Saving grace was only ordering 1/2 an order.Kid's meal.  Holy crap dried and scraggly carrots accompanied the most basic hot dog imaginable on the most generic bun. No refill offered this time on drink, no straw either.   By far the most cynical  kid's meal I've met. Sure make a profit but don't take the piss!  Fresh carrots are not hard to do , with white film on them.. sorry you've just earned a  1 star. Should have walked out, didn't. :( Entrees.Cajun steak . Claims to be marinated in spices that I couldn't find. They may indeed have shown them a picture of the process in the recipe but I couldn't find it. Meant to be medium rare but was medium on one side , rare on the other, close though:) Sirloin steak. Cooked as requested , a bit over seasoned. Sides: Twice baked potato.  If you ever want to open up a salt mine these guy will do it for you. You want an idea of what it's texture was?  Twice chewed would be a better name. Warm vomit with bacon bits would be  a slightly more colorful, and chunky, term.Fried onions:   came with whatever was stuck to the grill they came from.The mushrooms were the only thing that were as tasteful as expected. They looked very consistent though,  canned?   Never mind they were edible: Steak soup,really more a stew,but tasted pretty good.  Overall service was ok'ish but walking the kid to the toilet twice the staff just seemed  to want to get to where they wanted to go and not care for the toddler walking up the aisle to the restroom in front of me.  ( that's for this occasion only , past two times it's been great fun for the kid,)1.5 rounded to 1 for the carrots.
I'm not a woman and I don't read People magazines at the gym so I'm not sure I'm really the qualified demo for this place. Nonetheless, in spite of all the hype and hyperbole, it's a good cupcake.  When the Olive Oil Vanilla Cupcakes from the Olive Oil mill are too far away, this becomes the cupcake backup.  Especially the vanilla.I'd give this place a better review but I don't because I consider the cupcake to be the "Rodney Dangerfield" of desserts.  Too many far better post meal options come to mind before I'd waste my valuable calorie allotment on a cupcake.
If you love pickles you'll love Old Town whiskey. We've been here twice so far, and both times, we've been very pleased.  So far, I've only tried their pickled beets and pickled cherry tomatoes, but both were absolutely fantastic.  The Cherry Tomatoes were so sweet and sour, they paired perfectly with the ricotta, olive tapenade and Crustini they were served with.  This place is a gold mine if you're a whiskey drinker, my hottie loves some good whiskey and was really impressed with their selection... not to mention he said the burger was probably the best he'd had.  I can't wait to get a taste of their Veggie burger, but I haven't gone hungry enough yet... Next time for sure!  We went for Happy Hour this past Friday, and they had a lovely Agave Fizz cocktail on special, very refreshing.  Their Happy hour is progressive, meaning that everything is $5 from 5-6, $6 from 6-7, and it runs every day.
It's brand new so it doesn't smell fishy yet.   It will soon just like all other Asian markets.Looks like they will have another place to eat inside but it's still under construction from what I can tell.They have Durian, I really want to try one because they are supposed to be so gross and stink to high heaven.Banana blossoms?  How would I cook those things.Food is divided into "Regions" so if you want Japanese noodles you go to one isle, Korean noodles in another isle etc.  It's a bit confusing but fun to look at all the different stuff.
I came here after receiving a free pizza at a Yelp event.  Upper Crust had some of the best food at the event so I couldn't wait to have dinner at the restaurant.  My friend and I came here on a Wednesday and were pleasantly surprised it was 1/2 off a bottle of wine day.  I can't remember exactly which wine we ordered, but it was a Shiraz and it was good.  We shared a happy hour appetizer of mild wings and a large pepperoni pizza with basil.  It was all so delicious!  I also came here a different day with my boyfriend and we shared the meatballs with cheese on top and a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and basil.  Again, it was very tasty!   Everyone was very friendly and prompt.  I will be back to Upper Crust!
My daughter and I sort of stumbled on this place a couple of weeks ago.  We were at the Ulta just around the corner and she said she was hungry and she LOVES pizza.  We have been here twice as of this writing.  The second time around was "Kids Eat Free" night.  That is Wednesay for those of you with kids and it's a good deal.  I will eventually put together a list of Kids Eat Free places in the area.  For now let me tell you about NYPD.....The pizza is a winner!  Nice crust, great topppings!  They use paper thin slices of sausage instead of hunks of sausage.  The flavore is great too.  My daughter had a slice of black olive pizza and they were very generous with the olives....she loved it!  I have had the ceaser and the house salads and both were good and fresh.  So for the Kids Eat Free night adults need to order an entree (I think this includes a whole pizza too, not sure though) There were several things to choose from including cheese ravioli, baked ziti, and  lasagne.  I chose the lasagne and it was delish!  Piping hot with melted mozeralla over the top, I could not stop eating it!!  The flavors melded together nicely and it reminded me of my Mom's lasagne.  And did I mention the bread......OMG!!  The little ibites of heaven are sooooo good!!  I could have eaten ten of them!!  They are homemade, the real deal, yeasty goodness!!  Warm and just a little chewy, the flavor was amazing!!  Oh and the Desert Flower Ice Tea.....so refreshing!!!  I keep thinking about it, that's how good it is!!Try the canollis.....you won't be disappointned.  Kids get an ice cream sundae with their meal.  On our first visit Lori, our server, was a real sweetheart.  She gave me some coupons and signed me up for the email list.  And on our next visit , Jessica was awesome and attentive too!This is a small place but they also have an outdoor patio with misters.  The bar is tiny, probably seats 10.  Flat screen for watching the D'backs and some good beers on tap, along with Happy Hour specials makes this a great place!!  This will be somewhere we will frequent!!  Thanks NYPD!!!
Another wonderful little counter joint.  It's extremely basic, no frills, and cheap.  The baklava isn't fabulous, but everything else is worthy of a special trip.  Once again, the chicken shawarma draws me in, though I'll occasionally force myself into breaking out of that far too predictable mold (for falafel since I truly am stuck in a rut).  The hummus is great.  As mentioned, the salads mainly consist of iceburg lettuce, but they are not stingy with the feta and the dressing is amazing.There is night, semi-scrubby outdoor seating and the drinks are bottled or canned.  Last year I went with a group of friends for Valentine's Day and there was a musician who was slightly too loud for the environment.  When something special is going on, the owner comes around and checks with the patrons to verify quality and whether or not the activity is enjoyable.  This is always a nice classy touch for a little dive.It's a rarer occasion that I find my way down there.  Let's be honest: I only go that direction for SMoCA, the Venue of Scottsdale, and EZ Tattoo.  It's not generally "my scene" and it's definitely out of my way.  Any time I find myself doing something in downtown Scottsdale, however, dinner at Pita House prior to the main event is an absolute must.
If you have been to one CPK, you have more or less been to all of them. I went through a stretch when I really liked it here and I still don't mind it, I guess I just don't get excited about it anymore. The BBQ Chicken pizza is my go-to but the Thai variations are tasty, as well. The appetizers are ok, the service is ok, but it all just seems a little played out to me. I am waiting for CPK to make some moves, shake things up, add something interesting to the menu, because I feel like nothing has changed there since 1992. I'll still drop in from time to time, but I won't be as excited about it as I used to be.
It really was the perfect place to start our night. I was with a group of girls out for a bachelorette party and someone in our group suggested Drift. Loved it! It's totally cute, and I love the touristy Hawaiian vibe it's got going on. We had a few appetizers, a round of drinks, and a round of shots. The appetizers were simple and nothing spectacular. The drinks and shots were pretty good. Service was hit or miss. Our server was pretty attentive at the start but we had to hunt her down when we were done and ready to move on. I'd love to come back to Drift for dinner, the menu looked pretty good and I'd love to try another drink. If anything, I'd like to return to stare at the woman's bathroom again. Totally cool!
When Hoa called and said we were having a reunion of former branch employees at a Chinese buffet, I wasn't at all apprehensive. My normal concerns with such eateries--will the food be maintained at a proper food-safe temperature, is this seafood fresh, how long has the sushi been sitting out, will I be able to make it home before my intestines rupture--dissipated because Hoa knows good Asian cuisine. She is, of course, born to Vietnam and world traveled. Let's start with my happiest aspect about HKGB: the sushi. No, it's not the best sushi in the Valley, but they make it fresh for you on site. You can stand there and watch it being make, grab a soup or something else to munch on, or just sit at your table and chat awhile. Afterwards, you can head back for more sushi or veer over to the more traditional offerings of a Chinese buffet: sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, crab legs. Now let's review the not-so-shiny aspect: the price. Yes, it seems a little steep that we paid about $25 per person with tip (and I made only two rounds) but when you factor in the 2 hours we spent there, grazing, catching up, grazing, passing Lisette's daughter around, grazing and making plans to keep in touch, it's really not such an outrageous amount to pay. If you find yourself in this part of town, craving Chinese and are wicked crazy hungry, give HKGB a shot.
Out of all of the Flo's locations, this is the one I've frequented the most over the past 3 years of living in the Valley.  I've seen the menu change here and there, but I have to say, I've never had a bad meal at Flo's.I met my friend Melanie H for dinner this evening and we really enjoyed our meal... we had great service - our waters stayed filled throughout the time we were there, and our food was served promptly. Our server checked on us several times as well.  We started with vegetable pot stickers and requested that they come steamed.  They were delicious! Next, we shared 'Indian Curry Vegetables' (I ordered it with shrimp) and Indian Vindaloo Chicken.  Both were extremely tasty - fresh veggies, chicken, and shrimp in really flavorful sauces with just the right amount of spice.  The curry vegetable dish came with broccoli, mushrooms, carrots, snow peas, and long beans.  The chicken dish had tomatoes and onions. We also had steamed white rice.Note to Flo: We were both disappointed that you took the Vietnamese Spring Rolls off of the menu and I miss the days of the green curry dish with calamari. One more thing - the chicken corn soup that you serve at the DC Ranch location should be offered at the others as well - I love that soup!Fortune cookies came along with the check and we both were happy with our fortunes.  The bill didn't break the bank either.  See you again soon, Flo!
Awesome place!! EXCELLENT food/apps(try the bleu cheese figs)! Ask for Dizzy Dre, he's AWSOME and listens to your likes and customizes drinks for you!! Very patient with women!! ;)
This review is for the bar ONLY! First time I came in here it was packed to this gills, and no where to sit so we left.. Next!Second time I came here I met 2 of the strangest old women I've ever encountered who tried to reel me into a marketing scam, wouldn't shut up about how lovely I was and how both of them wanted me as their daughter, then performed Reiki on me and my friend, waving their hands all around us eyes closed and chanting.. in front of the everyone. I couldn't help but bust out in laughter. Bartender laughed too, then poured more bourbon in my glass and winked.I really liked this place aside from the geriatric nonsense. Great vibe & I loved the entrance, you walk right through the kitchen and can observe the chefs working their magic. The interior is dark and sexy, with some of the coolest wallpaper I've ever seen.I am hoping to write an update soon, because I desperately want to try the steak that I have heard so much about, but $60 for dinner is a little out of my budget, thanks to our economical crisis and being unemployed. *sigh*
I have been visiting Mrs. White's going on 30 years, but after looking up the phone number this afternoon to verify if they were open and still had fried chicken, my wife started reading some of the reviews following a recent Food Network recommendation - I almost got cold feet.Good thing I didn't. The food is as awesome as ever. The service is much as it has always been. Be forewarned, trendy restaurant goers, who glom onto TV reviews, Mrs. White's is not trendy; there are no bubbly fresh blonde girls waiting to seat you. The service is matter of fact, no goofing around, you must get to the business of ordering and pretend you know what you are doing - this is the way it has always been at Mrs. White's. If you are looking for others to pamper you, this is not the place for that. Mrs. White's is where you go to pamper your indulgence for perfect soul food. If you want Scottsdale ambiance, again, this joint won't work for you.When you go, be prepared that not all dishes may be on the menu during your visit. There are no corporate owned semi-trailers that deliver two tons of food every other day. This is a small and very cramped operation that makes homemade food for those who know how to appreciate it. In these days of flash frozen prepared dishes that are uniform from visit to visit at chain restaurants, this food is made in a tiny hot kitchen. If they run out of your favorite dish that has been cooking for hours prior to your arrival, there is no way they can whip up another pot of green beans and potatoes in 20 minutes. I often call ahead to verify if they have what I want because years ago it was not uncommon that by 12:30 they would be out of half of everything on the menu, which was OK because if forced me to try new things Back then, Mrs. White's was open Monday through Friday from 11:00 till 3:00, but I'd swear you'd be lucky to get anything after 1:00 - and that was perfectly fine as you knew they were doing all they could with their limited space to do their best for us customers. I'd just come back on another day. To say I have the utmost respect for the White family would be an understatement, today I was afraid I might have to lose that based on those poor reviews below. I do not believe those reviews are an accurate representation of The Golden Rule Cafe. They are the distortions and disappointments of people who have skewed expectations. Funky little hole-in-the-wall family-run operations that attract a loyal customer base may not be the place for everyone, but if you understand that wonderful stuff doesn't always come wrapped in a sterile designer package, then you might get along with Mrs. White's.I love this place and hope I always will.
Formerly Sandbar, this is a great new spot in Central Scottsdale to chill out after work. Good Mexican food, good strong drinks, and a massive outdoor patio with pleanty of drinking activities. They also have plenty of TVs to watch the big game. FYI - It gets slammed on weekend nights...
I can overcome the hipster sneer and accept that I am an uncool blemish in a world full of cut-off corduroys and patterned leggings. What I cannot and will not get over is an unapologetic staff whose epic error led to me breaking 5 years of meatless eating because of an order mishap.I ordered the red pepper tomato quiche. After 20 minutes waiting for the quiche to warm in what appeared to be a 200 degree oven, I double checked to make sure my name was on the plate at the counter. When I dug in for the first bite, a wave of nausea and panic washed over my after realizing this was a piece of the bacon spinach quiche. I returned to the counter and explained that I had ordered the vegetarian quiche, and the chic who took my order asked the chic behind the counter which one she served, because she was sure she got it right. The chic in the kitchen said she put them out in the order she got them. Then they spent some time looking around in confusion and murmuring a bit,  meanwhile all the quiche had been sold. So the counter chic simply turned to me and send, "well we don't have anymore of that one."Thanks. I told her I was more upset about the fact that I had just put bacon in my mouth after 5 years of no meat than there being no more quiche. She did give me my money back, but no one apologized or offered me any recompense. I'm over you being cooler than me, but I'm not over you having no soul.
I have been to Mabel's a few times now and I think it is a pretty stellar place. The food is awesome (try the chicken lollypops and the deviled eggs) and the drinks are strong. The ambiance is nice and cozy and I think it works well for a romantic dinner or a big group of friends. The staff has always been pleasant and accommodating and that goes a long way for me in Snottsdale. Last night I was wowed by Mabel's. We had a fundraiser for a great friend who has cancer and they not only let us throw it there FOR FREE, but generously offered to donate 20% of the bar tab to the cause. The service was great that night and they earned a fan for life. Thanks Mabel's, for being so cool, you're a breath of fresh air.
Gotta love Sweet Republic.... great philosophy and great icecream and sorbets. I've loved every single flavor I've had there (peanut butter, brownie swirl, mint chip, salted butter caramel, mayan chocolate, and more). Everything is made from all natural, fresh ingredients (virginia peanuts, fresh mint leaves, etc). When I really want to splurge I make my own sundae, you get to pick two flavors of icecream, a sauce, and a topping. If you haven't been to Sweet Republic, go! If you're far from Shea & 101, find them at First Fridays downtown, farmers markets, and more.
Yummy!!Went with my best friend last night for our weekly date and had a great meal!  We enjoyed the sushi menu but everything looked quite delicious.  I LOVED the welcoming sushi chefs and beautiful aquariums.  Here is a rundown of the food...Edamame: solid...can't really screw that one upPhilly: Great distribution of cream cheese!  I hate when sushi places over do it on the Philly...California: Solid but could have been a bit creamer and with some spicy sauce Some kind of Latino roll: Skip it...weird texture insideScallop roll: YummmGreat experience and so far maybe the best sushi I have come across in AZ.  I will keep you posted
My husband and I have been here twice in the last week for dinner...it is a bit pricey as other reviewers have said (around $20 for dinner entrees), but for vegetarian and organic food, what exactly do folks expect?  You get what you pay for.  We were happily surprised after reading the reviews...the food was amazing, the portions are huge and we had leftovers both times.  (and p.s., we paid with a debit card both times and have had no trouble, despite the review about only paying cash.)Our first visit, we were greeted kindly and given a plate of fruit to munch on until we ordered.  My husband ordered the mint tea and it was delish!  For an appetizer, we had the sabzi...which is a huge plate of green herbs, homemade wheat nan, feta cheese, and walnuts.  The herbs were FRESH and the nan was delicious...just the smell of it was enough to get us drooling!For entrees, we had the spinach herb stew and the vegetable stew with eggplant.  I am currently pregnant and garlic is not something that's agreeing with me.  I asked if the vegetable stew had garlic in it and the waiter said "we can make it however you want...every dish is made when you order it"....what??  the dishes are made to order??  I haven't heard that at a lot of restaurants!  After about 20 minutes, our stews arrived...steaming hot and smelling delicious.  They were HEAVENLY!  So many flavors and so fresh!!Our second time here, we had the dolmeh plate and Mast Va Mosear (a spinach dip)...both were ok...but I like the Sabzi better.  The entrees we had were amazing...I had a special of the day (pomegranate walnut sauce over tofu, which was blissful to smell and eat) and hubby had the vegetarian sampler to get his falafel fix.Overall, if you are willing to pay a little more for a nice, organic foods dinner, go here and check it out.  Everything will be fresh...everything will smell and taste delicious...and the restaurant's atmosphere is perfect for a relaxed, decadent evening.
I went here last night with my wife to celebrate our 2 year wedding anniversary.  We purposely arrived early to have a drink at their bar.  There wasn't much of a selection on their happy hour drink menu so we just ordered our go-to drinks.  Champagne for her and a martini for me.  The hostess/waiter/waitress were very friendly and prompt.  When we were ready for dinner we were brought to the main dining area and our bar tab was transferred without trouble.I made a reservation a few weeks prior and made a notation that it was our anniversary.  Upon arrival at our table there was a card saying happy anniversary which was a nice touch.  The table was smack in the middle of the dining room so my wife asked if we could move to another table.  The host was very accommodating and gave us a better table.The place is pretty sheik to the eye but uncomfortable.  The 2-top tables are small, too close to other people, and I don't want to sound like a 90 year old, but the chairs are ridiculously uncomfortable.  I don't know about you but I like to eat my too expensive meal in utter comfort.  The noise level is also above where it should be but they were playing some pretty solid tunes throughout the night.Our waitress was excellent and knowledgeable but was taking care of way too many tables which made her unable to come around as often as I would have liked.  I especially liked our sommelier who gave us an awesome wine recommendation.  Also, I'm not sure if this is all the time or not, but all bottles under $300 were 1/2 price so we splurged on a more expensive bottle than we would have normally purchased.The Food:* Fries - they give these to you instead of bread.  They are excellent especially the truffle ones.  My only issue is that you could tell they were sitting out for a half hour before being served to us.  I would have liked them fresh but whatever.* Wedge Salad - just ok.  The blue cheese and bacon were great though.  It just wasn't the typical steak joint wedge I am used to and was looking forward to.* Burrata Cheese - this was very unique to me and pretty good* Truffled Mac n' Cheese - not the best I've ever had but still pretty good.  Not as thick and cheesy as I would have liked and they use weird noodles.* Wagyu Beef Trio - My wife and I shared this.  Perfect amount for the both of us to share.  Each 4oz piece of steak was perfectly cooked, juicy and delicious.  I still can't tell the difference between regular beef and wagyu though.  The sides were also very good.  We especially liked the mushrooms.  The mashed potatoes were too creamy and just eh.* Beignets - we shared these for desert and they are fluffy, sugary awesomeness.  The sauces are equally awesome.All-in-all it was a fantastic meal and great experience.  Good food, good wine, good company.  I would come back any time to enjoy a steak or one of their burgers.
Well this is truly a hidden gem in Old Town Scottsdale. The wife and I visited this establishment last Sunday after church. There is usually a long wait here...but we arrived about 10 am and there was no wait. We were seated very quickly and the service was very good...there was a little wait for our food but no complaints about that though. I had 2 great buttermilk pancakes, turkey sausage, eggs, potatoes, and hash...the price....only 9 bucks plus tax...a really great deal. So if your ever in Old Town Scottsdale and need a great breakfast to get your day started...visit this establishment. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!!
Glad this place has new ownership... I should probably remove the review below, Its really harsh and doesn't apply to the NEW establishment.  You have been warned ;) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Short Review:THIS PLACE SUCKS BALLSLong Review:We were supposed to meet a friend here at Draft House on Saturday night. We were excited to be out on a date-like experience cuz its been a while. We went to my in-laws for dinner and then headed to Draft... I knew it was going to be interesting from the sound of the music as we pulled into the strip mall. The music: Good music, probably the only good thing about this place - if you're a hip-hop fan. All hip-hop, all night. The crowd: Ghetto fab all the way! Seems like everyone there is late 20's - early 30's (and some older sprinkled throughout the crowd) and none realize its not 1996 anymore. Expect to hear a lot of fake accents a la Da Bronx and a lot of misuse of slang terms. It was entertaining until it became annoying. Oh and people WILL steal your seats or tell you they are saved - ugh!The atmosphere: small, crowded...  Small dance floor.  A couple pool tables, but don't expect to get one. Some TVs playing various sports, which I guess qualifies this place as a "sports cafe"?? The service: OMG, we had one beer each and the "line" was retarded, over 30 minutes to tab out. No line in sight, just people crowding together, trying to get to the front of the line.  Oh! and LOL.. the bar tenders are total morons, one of them complained to the guy next to us about his crappy tip and the other argued with his customer about whether they ordered rum and cokes or redbull and vodka.  The guy had already made the rum and cokes and was pissed that HE got it wrong.  Weirdos!If any of this appeals to you this is your place! BTW her friend didn't show and we ended up going to Skip n Jan's to play some pool :o)  We had a great time there :o)
As I passed the velvet rope flanked by shiny, exotic cars I knew I was in for an experience.  Some might call it a fine-dining experience, but clearly this was something more.  A tribute to opulence and Regan-era excess, Dominick's is your seven-figure foodie fantasy come alive; from the moment you enter the swanky foyer to the gleaming 10 inch tower of tiramisu that finishes your meal.  It's glittery, bedazzled, and oozing pretension - and I loved it.The ServiceMy visit to Dominick's was the night after it's official opening.  The service tried very hard to be as impeccable as the surroundings and, while not perfect, the charming staff and the sincere effort put forth made little things like missing napkins and bread plates instantly forgivable.  Our server, Drew, let us know that the wait staff only had 2 - 3 tables each and it was very evident in the personal service we received.  A few more weeks of experience for the staff should easily iron out the little wrinkles.The FoodWe started with the jumbo shrimp appetizer, which unfortunately came with 3 shrimp - hardly conducive to sharing - so we ordered two. And "Jumbo" they certainly were, accompanied by a kicky cocktail sauce which my dinner companion felt was spicy enough.  Ever the daredevil, I added additional horseradish to mine because who doesn't like to burn the inside of their nostrils at dinner.For the main course we both had the 9-oz filet, lobster gnocchi and steamed asparagus.  My filet was a perfect rare-plus with a dark pink center, expertly seared and juicy.Surprisingly the lobster gnocchi really stole the show for me.  I'm not big on starches or cream sauces so when it was suggested I wasn't particularly excited; I should have been.  The dough was light and fluffy, the cream sauce not too rich and the lobster added the perfect amount of salt & texture.After dinner I indulged in a grand marnier while my companion ordered the tiramisu.  He was presented with a 10 inch tall hunk of cake that could easily have been intended for 4 people.  The tiramisu was spongy and light, with a lovely cool custard and only a subtle flavor of rum.  A nice finish to an excellent meal.  AtmosphereWe were lucky enough to score a poolside table which started off as very romantic but over the course of the evening became quite the place for people watching.  The scene at the small bar area on the 2nd floor was bustling and both the waiters and I wondered aloud how long it would be before a guest fell in the pool.  I bet they didn't make it through the weekend without someone making a splash.
I had a tough time deciding between 4 and 5 stars.  Wish there was 4.5 stars available for me to choose.Went here on a business trip with a coworker and tried it out. I had at least one of the following:Sapporo - Can it ever be bad?  It was served very cold.  Thumbs up.Green Tea - Good.  Good service on the refills also.Edamame - Good.  Right amount of salt.Miso - Interesting wooden bowl and wooden spoon.  It tasted good, tho.Yellow Tail, Salmon, Tuna, Albacore, Uni, FW Eel,  Kampachi nigiri.  Good stuff on all of those.  They also have "Yasu style" nigiri for some types, and they are good.  It usually involves ponzu on top.Spicy Tuna and Softshell Crab roll.  SSC was great!Service was pretty good and sushi was also good.  The bar was full but I wish I could have eaten there.  The sushi chefs were friendly and talkative to the people at the bar, which is unusual (at least compared to LA).  The base quality of the fish, outside of whatever ponzu, soy, wasabi and other ingredients were on it, was pretty good, but I wouldn't say 5 stars.  Since I generally judge a place wholly on the food, I give it 4.5.  Failing that, I rounded up!
Still loving Sunflower after a year and a half.  I actually moved houses to be closer to this grocery store.  The staff have never complained about going an extra mile, the prices have stayed better than any store I've been to lately and they have been having great beer specials.Special note:  They have a large selection of homeopathic and environmentally sound products for your everyday corporal adjustments.  Tons of specialty soaps, herbal supplements and vitamins.  Check for the solution here before going to chain pharmacies!
I had the pleasure of living across the street from this treasure for about 6 years. I'm still lucky enough to work close by.   Let me be clear. I 'm reviewing Haji Baba as a GROCERY STORE first.  Then I will give you some insight into the prepared food for take-out or in-store dining.This is one of the few stores in Arizona where you have several choices for pita bread--it's also the ONLY place I've found for whole wheat pita.There are several choices for Feta cheese. Danish, French,Greek...same with olives--there are choices.I ALWAYS buy my tahini here. All the prices are very inexpensive.Need spices???  They have them all.  At about 25% of the price you would pay anywhere else.The best way to describe Haji Baba is that it is a REAL grocery store, with REAL prices, for REAL people.  It is NOT a "specialty store" with trendy items and inflated prices.  They sell food items that you will actually use.  The bonus here?  You won't find a 10 year old can or jar of something.On to the "restaurant" portion.  Haji Baba is better if you think of it as a take-out joint that happens to have places to sit and eat.  They do have tables and they do perform table service, it's just got zero charm.  You go for the food, that's it.Okay, food.  The lamb tongue sandwich is to die for.  Let me repeat.  The LAMB TONGUE PITA SANDWICH.  GET IT!  Their baba ganouj is also darned tootin' tasty.  Actually, I sometimes dream about their baba ganouj.I'm not crazy about their hummus, maybe because making hummus takes 5 minutes and mine is bomb? But it's not bad.Gyros are good and not greasy. Greasy gyro meat is a pet peeve of mine.Chicken shwarma?  Yup, that's good too.I'm sure I've had something  to eat  here that I was a little disappointed in, but I honestly can't remember what, or when.
Great and has been for years.  Lines out the doors at lunch but worth the wait.  I recommend combo 'K'This place is the where you should take someone from out of town that wants the best mexican food.
Lame joke alert :Okay, I think I have switched over to Switch , I am finally making a switch to Switch  whew almost over , after you try Switch you'll never switch.  And done.Thanks for letting me get that out of my system.Lunch today was delightful. Mom and I were downtown playing around and we tried Switch for something new.  Glad we did.  Our server Matthew was helpful, courteous and efficient. He really made the good food stand out .  For being at the peak of lunchtime it was nice to see the restaurant wasn't packed but they were well prepared for the lunchtime crowd.Food was served fast without feeling rushed. Drinks were filled promptly without hovering.We had the Beef Galletta , a puff pastry with mushrooms, tender beef, brie , onions and a light sauce. Great size not too much but definitely filling.  Mom had chicken chop salad that looked fresh and tasty.  She really enjoyed it.   I look forward  to coming back and trying other items here.
Another great Italian find!My BF and I went to Roma Garden for dinner last night because he was given a gift certificate there from a friend.  We'd never heard of it, but we're always up for trying something new, especially with $50 towards our meal.  We pulled up to their strip mall location without expectations and we were both pleasantly surprised!When you walk in, the lighting and decor are welcoming and the staff is friendly and attentive.  It was a Thursday night and there were plenty of other guests in the restaurant, and there was a lively energy in the air.  After browsing the menu, I ordered one of the few 'Chef's Specials' of the night - tilapia with fresh veggies and pasta in a lemon caper sauce.  BF went with Pollo Parmagiana.  He had a glass of cabernet and I had pinot grigio... and voila - a warm bread basket arrived on our table at just the right time!We were both happy with our orders when they arrived as well... the fish was cooked just right and the sauce was tasty... good portions as well!  Although we were full, we decided to order a dessert to share - the homemade snow white chocolate tartufo - yum!  The perfect sweet ending to our meal.  In addition, we were each brought an after dinner drink of amaretto on the rocks, on the house.****I just have to share that I was pleasantly surprised that the women's restroom was clean, spacious, and had a fresh fragrance to it - I normally don't notice that, but I was impressed by this!In speaking to the waiter and the owner, we learned that this restaurant recently changed locations but they've been in business for over 15 years.  Gotta love the local businesses that last in the valley... we'll be back to support Roma Garden and enjoy their fine "Northern Italian Cuisine" without a doubt.  I suggest you go check it out also - bon appetito!
Pho-yuck this place! I was tricked in to going here with promises of great Vietnamese. I was ready for a culinary adventure and what I got was a ride in the fright house. The Bánh xèo was so greasy I couldn't eat it, it was literally served on a plate of grease. The bun was about the same. It lacked flavor, the rice noodles were slimy, the spring roll was loaded with grease. I ordered some sort of plum soda drink and it had a cup of salt on the bottom of the glass.The service was horrible and I will not be back.
Went here because of the reviews on Yelp,  very good.   Had the green papaya salad, great light taste and a very large portion with a few shrimp on top.   Had two types of curries and both of them were very tasty. I need more of that green papaya salad so I'll go back and try a few different things.
Meaty, beaty, big and bouncy!Add "beefy" and you've pretty much summed up your 5GB&F  experience!After detoxing this morning, I was really hungry...after all, I'm a pretty big and bouncy boy and when you lug this kind of tonnage up and down the canal, you're going to need some retoxing!And since it's Taco Tuesday, I thought a burger fest sounded about right!I needed to be up north anyway, so I texted my order (what a time and vexation saver that is!...two stars for 5GB&F right there) and it was ready, hot and juicy when I rolled in.The burgers and fries remind me of nothing so much as Wendy's of about 30 years ago...you know, when Wendy's was actually pretty good (not like now when, they consistently screw up your order and figuratively, literally throw your bag-o-food into your car as you idle by the pickup window).The burgers are OK, the fries are fresh and peanutty (no, really...fresh peanut oil...the fries taste peanutty!), and the Coke is, well, Cokey. The atmosphere is nice enough, all red and white checked and tons of "look at me" crap on the walls ("Best Fries in Hoboken!")The music was also reasonably pleasant (Men at Work..."I come from a land down under"...I shuddered a little bit at the part "and men chunder"...please, no chundering while I'm eating!).Anyway...I was able to purchase this little repast for a mere $11.83 (I saved a little by having the small fries).I know, Grind or Delux prices for a retro Wendy's burger!I'm no spendthrift, but I could feed a family of 6 at In-n-Out for $12...and with better burgers.But, 5GB&F filled me up, they had my burger ready to roll and they very nicely didn't mess up my order (but then again, how could they screw it up...they were ordered to prepare my burger by a computer...we know what happens when you don't do what a computer tells you...you "accidentally" ride over a cliff on your Segway, that's what happens!) And, in a nostalgic sort of way, they reminded me of how Wendy's used to be (complete with 70's music), and for that, a reasonable 3.25 stars.
I'd been hearing about Defalco's for a while now. My husband, Jim W, and my youngest, Abby, raved. "Best steak grinda since Baston," they said. So, on an expedition to get more raw chocolate, we went.The first thing I noticed was that the tables were scattered among the racks of Italian foodstuffs. I loved that. The place screamed "Boston" from the moment we walked in the door. When we ordered, Jim found one of my favorite types of soda in the case, Doc Brown's diet black cherry. I was in heaven.So we got our number and sat down. While we were waiting - a short wait - I got a brilliant idea which solved a long-vexing problem. Guess it was the east coast vibe.The food came and I was in heaven. We split a steak sandwich and red potato salad. Jim likes everything and I just like onions so they gave him the mushrooms and peppers on the side. Lots of mushrooms and peppers. It didn't look like a ton of food but we certainly got enough to eat.What's not to like at Defalco's? The food is fabulous, the prices are good, the people are really nice, and they have all kinds of imported goodies. So I guess the only thing I didn't like about Defalco's was leaving.
There's a lot to love about The Mission.  The experience comes so close to 5-star that it makes me want to nit-pick about all the tiny things that fall juuuust short so they can fix them for my next visit!The Bar: What a lovely, refreshing Basil margarita!  It was just sweet enough without being syrupy.  But bartender, why is getting a recommendation out of you like pulling teeth?The Food: Excellent table-side guacamole; it lived up to the very high expectations set by all the other reviewers.  My dinner partner's Hangar Steak was very juicy for such a thin cut and the dressing from the tomatillo salad give the whole dish a tangy, acidic bite.  My Chorizo Porchetta was very unique and flavorful, but a little more sauce would've saved it from being slightly dry.  I love though how the star of the entrees really is the meat here, the portions were generous and the sides were an accompaniment, not a competitor.***Almost forgot about the pumpkin bread pudding we shared!  He loved the scotch-carmel sauce which I thought was too sweet.  I loved the moist, fragrant bread which he thought was missing pumpkin-y spice.  To each their own!The Atmosphere:  It's a gothic romance come to life with beautiful dark metal chandeliers, warm, glowing salt bricks, and dim lighting.  I just wish the table of 6 old men talking golf wasn't sooo close.  A little more room between tables would complete the intimate decor.The Service:  I have no complaints here!  Our server was excellent and never overwhelming, the lady who made our guac was all charm, and kudos to the chef who sent us complimentary street corn (yummy by the way).  A note on the street corn: I felt like this was a dish that would've won the Top Chef competition where they had to re-invent convenience store food.  The grilled, slightly salty & crunchy corn topped with creamy spicy cheese sauce beats any AM-PM nachos I've ever had! :)Lots of wonderful food still to try here.  I will be back very soon for brunch with mom!
Hit or miss. Pretty much the perfect definition of the "HoHo". My friend and I like to come before shows and for happy hour (super cheap draft beers and wells), the well drinks are usually a little weak but being so cheap I can't blame them.Tuesday's are taco day and they have some pretty decent deals. Each day of the week has a "special" as far as food goes, it's average to below average bar food.There are some games and shuffleboard as mentioned in previous reviews. TVs scattered all along the sitting area and a sizeable patio for the smokers.The bartenders are the real hit or miss part of the experience. I've been here and had great service, I've returned to have sub-par service (it wasn't very busy).All in all, if you're looking for a place to grab some cheap beers (we're talking domestics on tap) before heading into The Clubhouse or heading to somewhere else to spend the night, stop in and check it out at least once.
Ate here for the first time a week ago. Had the fried egg with applewood smoked bacon on top of a crispy puff pastry and grape tomatoes. It was nice and light; didn't feel bloated afterward like you would after IHOP. I love the European cottage decor and ambience. Eating inside and outside looks equally appealing. Also, besides regular juice and coffee, they have hibiscus tea. My only wish is that the portions were slightly heartier for the price. But everything tastes fresh. I definitely plan to go back. Great local fare.
We checked out RnR on Sunday (just a few days after opening.) In all fairness, I have to agree with many of the other reviews. Even though they are new, these things are fixable so hopefully the feedback will be taken in the appropriate vein. The building is very cool and the vibe was energetic on a sunny Sunday morning. There was an abundance of waiters but they seemed to be confused and frenetic without a real focus on the customer. The menu is very limited and our server had not eaten most of the items. He was struggling to explain. Our drinks took more than 15 minutes to arrive even though we saw them sitting at the bar for the entire time. Our water had just disappeared. Then the food. I ordered the grill cheese ( a rare treat and when I order it I want it good!). It was cold and overwhelmed by heavy bread. The cheese wasn't melted. I sent it back and they simply nuked it and brought it out. Icky. Our son wanted a kids cheeseburger and the staff kept coming back and forth not sure if there was a single burger or sliders for kids. It became comical after the third person came out. My husband ordered a salmon omelet with several additional fixings. The eggs tasted like box eggs and it was lackluster and flavorless. We even took the time to provide feedback to management but we got a weak smile and "come back and try us again." He made no effort to "make things right" either by comping something else to taste or providing an incentive to come back. There are too many restaurants in town to have to go to one that is less than mediocre. The young crowd may enjoy it for the bar vibe it gives but the majority of the tables on Sunday am were families or middle aged and we saw similar responses at other tables.
Whenever you want a refreshing drink, go to Tea Infusion.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ Comfy tables and chairs.  It's a bit like a coffee joint, a place to sit, relax, and talk with friends.+ The tea selection is AMAZING.  I don't drink too much tea myself, but I know my friends like it.  They have fresh tea in boxes and have a very large assortment.+ You can do so much to your drink.  Blend, ice, hot, boba.  I like to get smoothies (they also put green tea in their smoothies) with boba.  It's delicious.- Location.  A place like this should NOT be sandwiched between stores in a crappy mall.  It would be better in a shopping center, away from Tempe Marketplace.-/+ Food is alright.  If you're looking for a snack, good, but if you're looking for a decent sands
House of Tricks is a great place for dinner if you're looking to go out for a special occasion. It's not somewhere I'd go on any given night, seeing as how the bill is about $100 for a dinner for two. I appreciated the menu having a good deal of seafood on it, as I don't eat any red meat. We had the scallops as an app. - while the serving was small (as expected), the scallops were the prettiest ones I have ever seen! For dinner I had the ahi tuna - it was WAY bigger than I expected, I couldn't even finish it - but my date didn't hesitate to finish it for me. We sat outside as the sun was setting. The atmosphere was pretty much perfect except for one thing. We were seating next to the concrete wall separating the restaurant from the street. If you're sitting at the tables next to the wall, I'd say it comes up to your elbows. Anyway, there were ants crawling all over the wall and it made me kind of uncomfortable and itchy. Our server was a young guy who could have washed his shirt a few times before wearing it again. Otherwise, he was pretty cool - sort of a 'no sense of urgency' kind of server - but we weren't in too much of a hurry anyway.
I am slightly confused as to what this place is.Is it a coffee shop? yes.Is it an ice cream parlor? well..yes.Is it an antechamber for the hair salon upstairs? kinda.Seemingly the Pink Spot *giggle* is trying to be a few things at once, and vaguely succeeding at those goals.I like the Pink Spot *giggle* for a number of reasons:-location-convenience-ambience-selectionIn all honestly it isnt the best coffee shop that the area offers, but It's another option- and that my friends, is a corner stone of capitalism: consumer choice.Now I won't be making the Pink Spot *giggle*, my local haunt, that spot belongs to Lola, and I would never cheat on my beloved tranny. But for those special nights when I get the strange urge for simultaneous brain freeze and a scalded tongue, i'll go down on the Pink Spot...*giggle*
Cartel is a coffee world unto itself for downtown Tempe, which is void of many non-alcoholic places to hang out.  Situated in what seems to be a motel from the outside and a garage on the inside, Cartel can satiate your brass tax coffee fix and your espresso lust for reasonable prices.  The coffee is great.  Period.  They roast the beans themselves, know way too much about coffee and are proud.  The espresso, in whatever form you get it in, is rich and nutty.  The toddy (cold brewed iced coffee) is strong to the point of me jittering out the door from a small one.  The teas are various and steeped in a cool manner and timed according to their type.  The vibe can come off a little pretentious sometimes with all their rules and such, but they are selling a great product and the rules help distinguish them from the crowd.I like to hangout here for an hour every week or so, good people watching, the pretentious guy behind the counter is good to listen to if you want to hear people getting so-so advice that they didn't ask for and my professors come here so it is a good place to catch them not in work mode.My only complaint is that they need to find a way to get a bike rack closer to the door.  My only other complaint is that they could have more snacks available, I would love to dip something baked in their coffee.
We decided to hit up the "Wine Down Wednesday" that was happenin' at Tastings courtesy of KYOT.  Here's what went wrong:The event is from 6-8 so we arrived just a few minutes (3 maybe?) after 6 so we could get a spot just in case it was hoppin'.  We walked in and the hostess (she looks like she's possibly the manager or owner) asked if we were there for the event and then pointed us towards the back room where the event was being held.We walked in and there were about 7 tables and there were people at them all already.  Talk about early bird gets the worm!  We had to wait for about 3-4 minutes for the waitress to finish with a table to find out if we could sit on the patio for the event.  She said yes and that she would be right out to help us.  In the meantime another woman and her friend also took up at a patio table nearby.20 minutes later the hostess/owner/manager looking woman came out and asked if we had been helped yet.  We said no and she left only to return with a small happy hour flier menu which she just handed from a distance and didn't even come over to our table.  I know you're wondering why I would wait the 15 minutes, but I really wanted to see just how bad the service was going to be and frankly, I just wanted some good $2 wine.It's been about 5 minutes and the same woman comes back with full, detailed menus and I asked if the happy hour flier was the deals for the event and she said yes and then asked if we were ready to order.  Um, you just gave us the menus 10 seconds ago...By now I'm ready to just order and enjoy the meal deals from the event.  I look over the happy hour flier and I see some app deals.  They said there was a specialty appetizer menu.  Not so much, but whatever.  I can deal with that.  Then I see the drink section.  The claim for the event was $2 glasses of wine.  I was excited to try some nice new wines on the cheap, but again... not so much.  In reality it was $4 glasses of house wine which only consisted of three different wines that weren't really what I was looking for.  By now, the other women that were outside decided to leave having had enough of this shenanigans.  We decided (after 30 minutes since we arrived) to go next door to Sprouts, get some apps, and have our own "Wine Down Wednesday" at home.I bet there are plenty of people that will have good experiences here and continue to visit happily, but this one experience has caused me to write them off for good (which I don't usually do after one instance).  I wish that I could actually review their wine and food, but the service was so poor and substandard that it's not worth giving them my money.  I understand if the food isn't good at a restaurant - some are just better or more talented than others.  However, any business can and should have good customer service.  I think this is where the cliched line of "if I could give them less than 1 star I would" comes in...Oh yeah, and I slapped down a "You've been Yelped" card as I left.Take that Tastings!!
Sorry.  I'm from Southern California so I'm used to great Mexican food.  We were excited to try this restaurant, since we had read some great things about it.  However, the waiter was pompous and the food was mediocre.  We were in a party of four and we all ordered different meals.  The guacamole that was made from one avocado was $11.  The restaurant is in a scary location.  We had to park in a back alley.  It was agreed that the experience was a bust.  If you're in the area and want great food, go to Lon's at the Hermosa, Elements at Sanctuary or True Food Kitchen.
Mmmmmmm butterrrrr. I'm speaking specifically of the Edamame with truffle butter. We probably could have eaten a few orders of these. Sugar cane pork. Ohhh yes. Falls of those teeny little bones right into my mouth. Very finger foody. Delicious. Spicy "Sirring" Shrimp. Comes out sizzling and spicy and delicious. As the server mentioned, "Sirring" isn't a real word, but who cares!These three were the stars of the five tapas that we chose. I cant really remember the other two, so they clearly weren't that great. The atmosphere is cute, artsy and pretty comfortable. The music was a little low, so we could hear the conversations of the couples on either side of us pretty easily. Kinda awwwwkwaaaard. I would for sure return.
I went to lunch with my buddy, Rob M., to a place called Uncle Bear's Bar and Grill. It was actually pretty cool! I was surprised because it is in one of the more LAME areas near my house. Namely "Warner and Cooper".When we entered however, it was anything BUT lame. Dog bowls on all the tables filled with mutant peanuts. Granted, it was lunch, but there really wasn't more than 3 other groups there. This led me to believe the food/service was bad. Not at all! This place rocked!We shared some nachos in a heterosexual kinda way, and shared manly stories about football before shoving off. By the way, Rob, you owe me $15.00!!!
we come here once every two months for date night.  the serivce is generally slow because these are students, but everyone is super nice and tries their best . luckily every issue we've had has been with confidence for the front of house stuff (speaking up, looking at you in the eyes) -- the food is always excellent  generally they don't always offer everything on the menu but it's generallty the cod or sole.   the filet is always fantastic.  desserts are yummy. really everything is good.  the price cannot be beat $15 for a 5 course meal.  don't expect to get a last minute reservation,  it's generally for a few weeks out.  we like this place and happily tell others about it every chance we get.
This is a cool place for low key hanging out, killing time, chatting and relaxing with friends.  It is NOT a good night spot and doesn't work as an event venue like they seem to be trying to make it.I've attended 2 events there and its basically a disaster in trying to make your way through the 200-300 patrons they bring in.  You get funneled in past the food trailer into the bar area which is packed with people standing among several oversized tables.  Only if you've been there before can you figure out that you can walk towards the boxing ring past the crowd to get behind the stage and into the retail area.  Once there you have to get a spot among the wares to watch the back (or the side) of the show that is going to take place facing the bar.  Both times I stood the entire night with my drink next to a display of $50 t-shirts.  Very nerve wracking and annoying.1.  The old timey way they make drinks is very cool and the drinks are delicious but I have waited now 35 and 45 minutes each on different nights to actually get a single mixed cocktail.  Its insane how slow it is.2.  There are rules to what you can get at which station.  One spot is just wine.  Another spot is just mixed drinks.  Lemonade - oh thats a different place entirely.  3.  They use the boxing ring as the "stage" for shows.  Very hard to view the show there because of the odd angle its at.  Both times I've had to stand in the retail area while the performers faced the seating/bar area (which only seats about 75 people).To pay more than $10 to see a performance at this place is outrageous.  If the owners want to be an event venue they could do it simply by doing some rearranging and investing in some more seating.
Person 1: "So, where do you want to go to lunch?"Person 2: "Hmmm.  I'm not sure"Person 1: "Want to go to Paradise?"Person 2: "Naaah, we've been there three times recently."Person 1: "What about Subway?"Person 2: "I'm so damned tired of sandwiches. . ."Person 1: "Well, here's Qdoba."Person 2: "Qdoba?  Okay, I haven't been there in a while.  We can get in and out pretty quickly and get back to work."That's pretty much how it is.  Nobody really plans to go out and eat at Qdoba.  It's one of those places you decide to go to on the fly or because you've eaten everywhere else.The Mexifood is fair.  Nothing special, nothing bad, nothing to distinguish it.  There's tons of Mexican joints within ten miles that are better, but Qdoba's here in this strip mall.  Haven't eaten here in a while and don't want to drive any further?  This will make a nice alternative, and then you'll be good on this place for another six months or so. . .
My wife and I had reservations there last night.  Poor choice! Not a bad place to eat, but a terrible dining experience. Parking was an issue. Despite our early reservations, the only parking available was in the next lot over. One had to traverse an earthen embankment and a grubby alley to get to the place. Tell your companion to wear something other than high heels!I dislike places that serve olive oil in place of butter with one's bread. I know it's fashionable, but it gives an impression of economy. That's fine for Macaroni's Italian Grill, but detracts from the tone of a place with Tarbell's pretensions. I'd prefer it if they'd serve both, or at least give one a choice. The soup of the day, potato and leek, was of delicate flavor but redolent of Potato Buds. Could it be possible that they're making this stuff out of a dehydrated product? The Caesar salad starter was a nonentity, and might have been improved by a little ground pepper, which wasn't offered. My bride was mightily impressed by the grilled salmon....some of the best she'd ever had, she said. The effect was somewhat dissipated by the peculiar potato product offered as a side. If you like to peel off and eat the crust around the edges of a pan just used to bake scalloped potatoes au gratin, you'll like this stuff. I had the pork chop, which was very good without being memorable. It's served with a side of what they claim to be 'wild boar bacon' and unidentified greens. The pork, independently, was bland and without much character; but spear a bit of pork, add to the end of your fork a fragment of bacon, and then a green or two, and the dish is much improved. Dessert was uninteresting. The sorbet was of the store bought variety....and not top shelf stuff, either....and the apple tart was bland and as dry as if it been left in the oven overlong. The ambiance of the place leaves a lot to be desired for a celebratory experience. It might work for a business meeting, but it ain't no place I'd care to take a date, ever again. The dining room is crowded and noisy, making conversation difficult and at times impossible. The tables are too close together and I had to endure a face full of server's butt whenever he waited on, or cleared the dishes of, the folks at the table neighboring ours. I suppose I've saved the best....or the worst....for last. I haven't been as rushed by the waitstaff at a meal since my experience in an Army mess hall at Ft. Bragg, North Carolina. The place is being run as a money making machine and that means that they are trying to turn over tables as many times as possible in an evening. Services is overly rapid and one feels pressured to finish up and allow the waitstaff to get the next course on the table. The object, of course, is to get you fed and out the door, freeing up a table for another party. My wife resorted to the tactic of picking up her fork when she saw the bus-guy approaching....otherwise he'd be on us to clear the plates containing food over which we were tarrying, in his opinion, overlong.The check was presented to us the moment it was ascertained that we had completed dessert but before the plates had been cleared. I returned it asking that she bring it on AFTER we'd finished our coffee. Which, by the way, hadn't been offered, either. To his credit, the dining room manager did come over to apologize for rushing us, and comp'ed our coffee. He explained that "the standard in America is to present the bill when dessert had been finished". I beg your pardon? Not in any place I've ever dined, and I was born in Ohio.This place seems popular enough on a Saturday night, but I certainly won't be gracing its dining room any time soon. At this price point ($175 including wine and tip for the two of us) I expect more than what was offered. Sorry, folks, I know this sounds like a rant, and to some extent it is. It was an important evening for us....after all, twenty years only comes once in a marriage (well, most marriages, anyway)... and we had hoped for a gentler experience.
The food was ok.  Waitress forgot my guacamole.  Wait staff continually bumped into our table.  Great wine list.  Nice decor.  I may or may not try again.  Not impressed by the food. Id go up to Narcisse or True Food instead.
It's 4:00 am on a Friday, you've just finished listening to awesome music and drinking too much, you're starving and want some good comfort food to fill your gut and soak up that alcohol..... enter Jerry's.The place was open.  The place was clean.  The food was good.  The service was great.  The prices were great.  WAY better than a Denny's, better than most diner's I've been to, actually.I had ham and eggs and the plate was delicious.  The ham steak was gigantic, the eggs perfect, and hash browns were done just right... crispy and good.
I can't help but love this place. I've been going here since, quite literally, the day the opened. I move further away and I keep coming back.The staff is friendly, the food is delicious, the beer selection constantly rotates to new and interesting beers... and this is basically the de-facto hangout for climbers and cyclists! Really can't go wrong with this place.
I have been here a few times but have to remember to come here more often. I LOVE it! I've never made it past the refrigerated and prepared foods section, but who needs to! You can find everything you need right there. The meat section is beautiful to look at, they have a whole section of prepared heat and eat dinners, side, soups, sauces etc. grab a premade one or grab a few ingredients and make your own! My favorite so far would be the Tub of Alfredo sauce, package of fresh pasta, and package of chicken breast strips ..YUM! Dinner in 20 anyone? ;-)Their Tomato basil soup is Amazing too!! I scored dinner for 3 last night for ......$7!!!! 2 packages of their heat and eat mac and cheese and 2 packages of Tilapia, all ready and in about 10 minutes! Seriously if you are trying to save money and still want to eat good, fresh and easy food then this your place!
I love the Madagascar coconut white tea! The prices and very reasonable, only downfall for me is they don't list the caffeine content;(
WOW!  I am very sorry that it took me so long to convince Bri D. to go here.  We went for brunch and it was amazing.  Absolutely one of the best breakfasts I have ever had.  The johnny cakes were out of this world!  They have a granola-y taste to them, are filled with blueberries, and topped with yogurt and real maple syrup.  It is this awesome combo of sweet and tart that is great.  Despite being three pancakes, they weren't heavy and dense like normal ones.  They made me feel satisfied but not "stuffed" and gave me lots of energy throughout the day.  That's exactly what the awesome waitress said they would do.I love this place!  It is beautiful inside, I love their theme, I love their concept, and I love the food.  Can't wait to try more.
The first thing to know about this Los Reyes location is that it is quite different from the one on 7th St!  It's a different menu here, for starters!  I had my heart set on my usual, a "Torta Norteña, & a 99 cent Ceviché.  They don't have those things here, so I settled for the nearest looking sandwich, a "Mexican Torta".  (My server did say the ownership is the same as the Sunnyslope location.)  Anyhow, here's how it was for me here today:*  This is a good sized place, & I managed to find both a parking space & a comfortable table inside to land at, even though they were ROARING BUSY!*  My nice server almost immediately brought me a big basket of tortilla chips & two kinds of salsa, medium & hot!  Both were good.  (They don't even serve tortilla chips at Sunnyslope.)*  I ordered, & it took a little while for my sandwich to arrive, but as I said, they were super busy!  No problemo.  Meanwhile, I ate about half of my chips, & Señorita brought me ANOTHER big basket of them, & more salsa!*  My torta arrived, & it was BIG & DELICIOUS!  It comes with a side salad, which included some pimento & cucumber slices, lime halves, lettuce, & a fried quarter onion.  All this was good too (&  DID remind me of the other location).*  Gripes?  THREE TVs blabbing out a show in Spanish, fairly loud, & this place was noisy to begin with.SO?  ...I didn't care as much for the menu here as Sunnyslope, & the TVs were a bit of a nuisance, but with that said, I still think this is an very good place to eat, & the value was AMAZING at only $6.50 for everything!     :-))
I don't get it. Not the concept of a good vegetarian restaurant but the need to create mock this and mock that. The word mock appears on the menu no less than 30 times, and that made me want to flee pell mell at mach 1 out of there, sonic boom be damned. I understand it from a  marketing strategy to appeal to and or convert the carnivores and omnivores I suppose. Do meat eaters feel better about eating something vegetarian as long as it is shaped like a chicken wing? Has anyone gone to a steak joint and had mock carrots made from pork medallions?  I am also aware that we eat with our eyes, have preconceived notions of certain types of cuisine etc. However, I firmly believe that if an establishment uses veggies, legumes, tofu and such and gets creative instead of trying to reinvent the meat wheel, the end result would be much better. For Example the Mexicali burger, no mock meat reference here. How about listing something as "whatever the hell it is" served Parmesan style?  I stopped here for lunch yesterday as I was in the area. Cool space, it was open colorful and inviting. A couple of organs line a small space up front. Nice mild funk flavor to the decor. Ordering is done counter style and they bring it out to you. You pretty much go behind the counter to get ice for your beverage which I thought was a bit of a weird queue. I ordered the spicy Thai peanut, a dish that offered mock choices, but I went with the crispy tofu. The brown rice that was the bedding here was ok, lukewarm at best. the dish lacked any real flavor and there was no spice whatsoever.The tofu tasted as if it was freezer burned, which really dumbfounded me. I think it may have been crisped long before it was served to me and microwaved, the texture was just off. Copious amounts of cock sauce, err... Sriracha saved it from blandsville.I am not saying I would never return, as I tend to give places more than one chance. I love well prepared vegetarian dishes, just don't mock me.
I was really looking forward to eating here because I had read good reviews. Maybe we went on a bad day. They were very slow but it took way too long to get our food and they screwed up my friends order. I got a chicken, carne asada and fish taco. The Chicken was the best. I didn't care for the carne asada or the fish. Guedos fish tacos are far superior. I don't think that we will return to Elmer's with all the great Mexican food choices in the area. Sorry.
And now ladies and gentlemen, the category tonight: Things that make Siu-Wok A-OK in my book.Here we go....#10 - I can actually understand the people that answer the phone#9 - The sweet burn on my tongue after eating a mouthful of Kung Pao Chicken#8 - The lack of lasting gastral repercussions from eating said Kung Pao Chicken#7 - The friggin huge area to which they will deliver, for a minimal $2 charge (beware their website says it's a buck-fifty, but the gas crunch is effecting everyone)#6 - The pork fried rice that is literally one part rice mixed with one part tender / tasty pork#5 - The place is actually clean#4 - The coupons attached to the menus that they send to my home at regular intervals#3 -  I can call in an order, hop in my car to pick it up, and be back watching quality reality programming within 15 minutes#2 - They have Mr. Pibb on tapAnd the number 1 thing that makes Siu-Wok A-OK in my book...Eight... yes count 'em, eight, yummy soups that they will deliver to my door when I just can't bring myself to change out of my pajamas!!!
Man oh man... I can't decide whether I want to review this place or not under the auspices of "if you don't have anything nice to say..."All I have to say is this: We ordered food. It came totally wrong. I asked for a vegan salad, not specifically, but that's how I ordered it, and it came with chicken and cheese. This just shows a complete inability to read the order. People make adjustments all the time. I have worked at a restaurant. I have fucked up. I should have been lashed 40 times! Read what people order! So when I got the wrong salad and saw what an unbelievable disappointment it was going to be, I ordered a veggie sandwich instead, which, to their credit, they delivered and took off the bill. The best customer service in the world could not overcome this sandwich. It was a monumental fucking embarrassment. I cannot believe they let that thing out the door. I ate it because I was starving but I would have liked to have driven it back there and go through it, ingredient by ingredient, with the preparer... Explain to me how this is appealing to the eyes, mouth, stomach, etc.I just hated it. A lot. Sorry, I'm sure you're nice people with good intentions.
Best UNIQUE breakfast / brunch / lunch spot.  This tiny place may look like a boring little bakery, but think again!  SIt outside on the small patio area, ck out the GR8 crepes! savory, breakfasty, sweet - u pick or choose! Hubby luvs lox & cream cheese & capers.  I luv the chicken, aspargus, basil, feta :-)  Mmmmmmmm.
Obsessed. Like, I've-got-the-Twangy-Tart-withdrawal-shakes level of addiction to this place. Please make one in Arcadia! Pleeeaaassse.
I dined at this restaurant on a Saturday morning and was actually the very first guest.  I got greeted by the hostess and was promptly seated.  The service was phenomenal from when I walked over the door step and the ambiance is the restaurant was amazing .  I ordered the smoked salmon as an appetizer and the daily scallop special as the entree.When my salmon dish came out I said to my self "WHAT in the hell?" Two extremely thin slices of salmon, little salad, and a piece of bread with some aioli on the side.  Salmons cheap and they charged me $15 for this crap?  I work in the food industry and the food was crap.Next, the entree.  The waiter described the the scallop dish like it was heaven on earth.  Explaining to me how delicious this special was.  So I took his advice and ordered.  When the dish came out I said to my self again "What in the HELL?"  Four small scallops, 2 baby carrots, broccoli rabe, and cilantro sauce.  The scallops weren't seared enough, the broccoli rabe was brown and mush, and the baby carrots were still raw.  The funny thing was.  The sauce didn't even resemble any cilantro flavor at all.  I could of made this dish 1000x better and the entree took a big hit in my wallet, $32 for crap.The meal came out to roughly $60 and I left that restaurant to never try it again.  I could of gotten some pho for $8 would of been a hundred times happier than spending money that wasn't even mediocre.
Everyone knows about Pei Wei right?! I really thought so until my boyfriend admitted that he had never been. Challenge accepted. Now, I've been a frequent Pei Wei customer ever since I discovered Asian food did not always have to send to you running to the restroom. (Yeah, thanks for nothing Bing Heng and Great Wall Buffet). This isn't the best Asian food ever, but it is quick, accessible, and always pretty tasty. I've tried everything on the menu, but my favorite options are the Crab Wontons and the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken. I ordered these plus the Spicy Korean for my n00b boyfriend to try, and everything went better than expected. In fact, he even commented that the place was "classier" than he expected. Just a side note: you can order and pay online, so you don't have to wait for the takeout line. You can also choose the specific time you would like to pick up your food.
Let's rewind four years:"You've never been to Chino Bandido?""No, what is it?""How long have you lived here?""About eleven years, but a bunch of those years were when I was a toddler, and I just moved back from a few years in Flagstaff.""And you've never been to Chino?""NO. What is it?""Amazing.""Take me there.""Okay."Yet we never went.On the drive home from the Children's Museum of Phoenix, I realized that I was hungry, on a budget, and Chino Bandido was not too far off of path.  I ran the plan by my father, checking to make sure that would be an appropriate Father's Day dinner.  I received a confused look and thumbs up.  He's not the most adventurous when it comes to dining experiences, but is generally a good sport.If my friend and I had been on the ball, I could have been eating here for four years.  Granted, I rarely have business around 19th and Greenway, but I could have made Chino Bandido my business.We both ate a perfectly reasonably sized and delicious dinner for less than $10.  Three cheers for Caribbean influenced burritos and homemade teriyaki sauce.Stevey P mentioned the only reason I'm giving four instead of five stars: If the dining room weren't so disgusting that I had trouble eating in it, it would easily be a five star place.  Wipe down the counters and tables, and perhaps give it a new coat of paint, and I'll be completely thrilled.
I'm in love. The festive décor charmed me the second I walked in the door. We sat down and were immediately greeting by a sweet waitress carrying a basket of chips. The chips were light and fresh and came with two salsas, a red and a green avocado salsa.We ordered: Camarones aguachile hot drowned shrimp, Camarones culichi shrimps in a green sauce,tomatill & cilantro, rezongue enchiladas crab enchiladas in a red sauce. I also ordered a club soda and when the waitress asked if I wanted it prepared mexi style I said yes. What she brought back was a delicious mix of club soda, salt and muddled lime. It's my new favorite drink. We patiently waited for our meal and remarked on the little mermaid scene in front of us. I almost expected the crustaceans to come to life and start playing music.  Then to our surprise little fish tostadas were dropped on our table. What a nice touch!The dishes were excellent, all were paired with homemade tortillas, beans and white rice with vegetables.  The camarones culichi was my favorite.Fresh seafood, fun atmosphere, great service.
I live in a town where I can find 5 Filipino restaurants in a 5 mile radius. So when I came to Phoenix for work, I wanted to see what the Filipino restaurant scene was like.Like the previous reviewer stated, there are very few Filipino eateries. The supermarket that I found on my GPS was closed, so I found this one on Yelp. Overall, I would recommend to go to support the local Filipino restaurant.When you first walk in, you start in the bake shop area where you'll find cakes and pastries on display. I wasn't sure if I could seat myself, but I was greeted and seated. There were two other tables filled with about 8 people eating including myself. What concerned me is that 2 of the other folks were the only other Filipinos - as I tend to judge all ethnic restaurants by the number of people of the same ethnicity.But that logic doesn't seem to work here were the demographics of Filipinos seems relatively low.I was craving Sisig (grilled pork - which is my favorite at Ongpin in South San Francisco) - but they didn't have that. On the whiteboard, they had Sinigang na Baboy (pork) - so I figured I couldn't go wrong with one of my favorites.Since I was here on business, I figured I'll order a few other things including the shanghai lumpia (eggrolls), Halo Halo, and topped it off with Hot Pandesal.The Sinigang was served in a bowl with 3 pieces of boneless pork. The meat was very tender and you can pull it apart with a spoon and fork. The soup was a little on the salty side since they may have put a little more tamarind mix, but that I might just be a little oversensitive about my sodium intake.I couldn't help but think that I was eating at home or a family friend's house. Included in the sinigang was spinach, string beans, eggplant, a small potato, and cut onions. What was missing was dikons (those white radish things). It wasn't bad, and it wasn't exceptionally delicious because nothing compares to home made sinigang. But this would be the next best thing. I ate all the meat, and had quite a few eggplants left.The shanghai lumpia came out shortly afterwards. The portion was pretty large and I could have shared it with someone else. I didn't care for sauce that it came with. I wanted vinigar, but a filipino family came in and there was only one server.If you ever had Halo Halo at Ongpin, you'd find this lacking. It is served it a large plastic cup. What was missing is the ube ice cream. In fact, there was hardly any ube in it. There was a spoonfull of the leche flan, but I didn't finish it.I actually ordered the Pandesal later, this version was like two very large dinner rolls served with butter. The bread had a fresh out of the oven taste.The restaurant section was clean, with standard fare dining. There was a large flatscreen tv with TFC playing.Last week, when I ate there, they were just written about in the local paper, but I didn't get to read the review.They accept Master Card and Visa, but not American express.I would eat here again to try some of their other dishes not because I want to support my fellow Filipinos, but because the food is actually worth having again. I took some photos of each dish with my iPhone, so I'll have to figure out how to upload them.This is actually my first review because I was hoping to read more about Philippine restaurants in the area, I only saw this one. So I figured, I should also contribute!
Happy Hour Review.We stopped by to try the much ballyhooed Happy Hour and were were pretty damn underwhelmed.    First of all, I guess I'm failing to see what's so happy about a $6.00 spicy tuna roll and $8.00 drink.  Secondly, like other non-japanese sushi joints in this town (cough, cough Ra Sushi), this is sushi for people who don't really like sushi.  Thirdly, seriously attitudinous staff, but one look at the uber-douchy clientele explains that.  Pass.
I was in Phoenix a few weeks ago on a business trip. Lucky me, Thai Elephant was right across the street from my hotel! This is a tiny little joint, maybe 20 tables. The menu is like a book, there is so much to choose from, rice dishes, noodle dishes, soups, appetizers. My coworker and I settled on a red curry dish with chicken and I had a sweet & sour dish (yeah, it sounds trite, but I was in the mood and it was so delicious!) We had tons of leftovers, which we shared with a homey down the street, I hope he enjoyed it. Highly recommended, and if I'm ever back in town, I will visit again.
It was 3:45pm and I'm about to jump on a bus to the light rail.  We have no reservations for Pizzeria Bianco, but a couple of friends just got in line and were waiting to get some wine.  Useless fact: they're 26th in line.  So in theory, at 5:00 we're in the first seating.  And so it happens, the publicly-underwritten public transit arrives (my one-way trip cost $1.25, my gf's unvalidated parking fee was $12) and two Hop Knots later, we're sitting down and waiting.  Typical order, one of everything, two Biancoverdes.  At this point being almost review #200, the details are irrelevant.  The crust is great, the cheese is great, the Sonny Boy is uber-salty and delicious, fruity olive oil, holy shit these roasted peppers, etc.  Why is that person staring at me through the window?So I guess the point is, if you make it your only point to go to Bianco, it's hard to be disappointed.
They have anything from salads, pitas, wraps, burgers, and wood fired pizzas.  Although this isn't a 100% plant-based restaurant they pride themselves on having many vegan options.  Not only are there options, but upon visiting their site I found a table of what items are vegan, what aren't, and what makes them non-vegan (which is always nice to know). Great to have so many vegan options that are spelled out on their website.  We expected a counter-service experience but were pleasantly surprised when we entered to find it was an actual sit-down restaurant.  The vibe was a classy yet laid back, youthful feel.  Most of the servers were high school or college age and wore regular street clothes (think Urban Outfitters style).  I loved the laid back atmosphere of the servers even though it's a sit-down experience and really enjoyed the color scheme and tin plated ceiling.The food was absolutely FANTASTIC.  Oh my. For an appetizer we selected the garlic dip with two pitas.  The garlic dip is a mix of olive oil, lemon juice, fresh garlic, and smashed potatoes.  If you love garlic, you'll love this.My husband chose the Falafel Pita which was topped with cilantro and spices, mixed greens, tomatoes, onions, pickles and tahini.  He was very happy with his choice, although next time he'd ask for no onions.I went with the Veggie Garden Wrap that included zucchini, broccoli, cauliflower, eggplant, yellow squash, carrots, onions, tomatoes, brown rice, mixed beans, ginger, herbs and garlic.One thing we quickly found was that our entrees were HUGE.  This is not a complaint in anyway.  However, next go around we may share an entree.  Either way, this visit, we had leftovers to take home for lunch the next day. Will definitely return.
Sorry, I really just don't get it. I didn't hate it and I'm not hating on it now, but I don't see what all the fuss is about.* Pizzas slapped together resulting in uneven, soggy crusts. Our party ordered 5 of the 6 available.* Psychological warfare of having to wait forever for just a few tables maintains an air of pompous superiority that tricks the famished patrons into reporting the pizza is a lot better than it really is. Waiter actually boasted about the 3 to 4 hour Saturday night wait, which we got around by having reservations!* Bottles of iced tea and other drinks bought in bulk rather than any alternative that would make more sense.Good? Not bad... Best in the Phoenix Valley? HIGHLY debatable, but personally I really can't say that I think so... Best is the USA? Impossible, there's just no way.LGO is better. Cibo is better. Spinato's is better.Most hyped? Most definitely.
Great sandwiches at reasonable prices. The bread is good, the au jus was flavorful and not too salty, and the sausages are made daily.  It was nice to find a place to get great sandwiches. The line moves a little slow, but it's definitely worth the wait. I had the italian beef and my friend had the sausage, both were great.
I was watching a Judge Judy show today and JJ was really giving the business to this loser (you know...had bad credit, met a chick, she took a credit card in her name, he didn't pay her back, she's shocked, now they're in court)...she was RIDING his ass. It was awesome. Finally she said "what planet are you from?"...Dude with mullet bows his head, darts his eyes from JJ and says "Why, I'm from Wisconsin Judge Judy".LMAO!Culver's, by way of the Dairy State, has settled on Camelback and Central. Rickie and I ate here after seeing Date Night on our "date night". Thought it was a cute, innocent, 1950s way to wrap up our afternoon. You know, kinda like Richie and Laurie Beth. Please, I need to check ID's on this reference. I'm sure Rickie wouldn't pass this one!Culver's was very clean with well trained and polite employees...think In N Out. We ordered the famous Butter Burgers along with various sides. Burgers. Yum! Sides. Ugh! Would rather have had Ore Ida. Cheese curds had a thick, icky overcooked batter with a Q tip sized cheese curd, fries were limp and sad (kind of like Jesse James career and life now) and the chicken tenders were standard fast food fare.Root Beer! Outstanding! Smoothie was OK...probably should have went with a good old fashion malt. But who knew?We had a fabulous booth across from a large open window with a fantastic Sunday breeze cooling our curds. I would go back for a burger and root beer. I might even wear a Packers or Brewers t shirt...just to see if I get some free stuff.
This place is literally within walking distance from my apartment, yet I have passed by it daily. This morning I was hungry for breakfast and had a lot of things to do so I thought I would try something close. I have noticed the parking lot is usually full, so I thought it must be good. I had no idea what type of food they had or what to expect.It was Sunday morning just around 9:30 and I was fortunate to be able to walk in and instantly have a table. The server was very friendly and she checked back often always refilling my coffee. The menu is a little newspaper and it's a bit overwhelming with many options, but I finally settled on the volcano. It is described as three pancakes, 2 sausage links, 2 bacon strips, and an egg. The pancakes are three different sizes and stacked to create a volcano with the egg on top. It was under $9 and I was surprised at the size of it! I attempted but could not finish it. The big pancake was left uneaten. They do have a smaller option for around $6 and that might be the better way to go unless you have just returned from a month long trip through the jungle or plan to share with someone. The server continued to check on me and even offered up a to go cup of coffee. I don't know how I have overlooked this place but based on the experience today, I would put it right at the top of best spots in town for breakfast. I will say come early because by the time I was leaving the lobby was full, people were milling around the parking lot, and the wait to be seated was 15 minutes.
Breadfruit is a cool spot. The interior of the place is well decorated and they can only seat about 15-20 people, making a nice, intimate ambiance. I really appreciate that they serve locally grown organic produce and that their chicken is all natural and raised cage free. Any addition of a Jamaican restaurant down town earns at least three stars in my book. We arrived at 7:30pm and were the only people there throughout almost the entire meal..We brought our own bottle of wine and there was only a $5 corking fee, not to shabby.We started with the plantain and avacado spring rolls, I really liked that wonton was baked and not deep fried, the presentation was nice, the mango chutney was fresh but the rolls themselves lacked flavor. I really wished they would have paired some other fruit or spice to add more contrast to the dish. For my main I got the jerk chicken and I was a little disappointed. Again they did an excellent job with the presentation, but the corn was mushy and what the jerk rub lacked in flavor they tried to make up for in spice.  I like spicy, and can handle a lot of heat, but heat shouldn't overpower flavor...The chef/owner came out and asked us how we enjoyed our meal, and explained his philosophy behind the food. The service was excellent, but in comparison to some other Jamaican places I've been, it really only warrants 3 stars (sorry)!
I was not a particular fan of this place. Went on a Friday evening after work. A friend wanted to try it because we always enjoy supporting new, local places.They do have a very large selections of beer but the process is very confusing. All of the beers on tap are written on a very large chalkboard above the bar. They use several different colors of chalk for each selection making it very hard to read. It may be easier if they pick one color of chalk for each type of beer, that way it is easy to find what you want. Or have #1-5 be one type of beer, #6-10 another and so on. My boyfriend spent so long trying to find a beer on the board because of this. Two of our friends were so overwhelmed with the way the selections were presented they just asked the server to surprise them with a choice. The acoustics in the place are terrible. It was so loud inside that it was hard to carry on a conversation at the table. Also, no happy hour. This would be a great way to draw in an after work crowd.
Perhaps a bit on the pricey side, but sometimes you pay for atmosphere. This very sexy and trendy joint is located at City North (next to Blue Martini). I ordered the #1 sirloin burger with carmelized onions, gorgonzola, crescenza (soft, buttery cheese), arugula & thousand island dressing. OMG! It was massive and juicy and made me lose all dining diplomacy as the juices dripped down my arm! My friend built his own w/ hickory bbq sauce, cheddar and bacon. On the side we had onion rings, sweet potatoe fries mixed w/ reg fries. Errrr....lemme make sure my gym membership is still active!! LOLPersonally, and I know this will cause a small uproar, I think the burgers are FAR better than Delux! I never understood the Delux cult following anyway. There...I said it! :)I even endulged in the Guinnes milkshake (Guinness beer/vanilla bean & chocolate ice cream)! You know the saying don't knock it til you try it??This would be one of those times. When's the last time you had a sugar high and a buzz at the same time off a desert....hmmm?? Bon Appetite!
Eden's Grill has to be one of my favorite, and newly discovered Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant in the PHX metro. Located in a sleepy strip mall, close to Artie's Ace, is EG. My partner and I had the opportunity to have dinner here a few weeks ago and we were totally wowed by everything! We started off with the hummus, followed by two orders of the vegetarian plate. The vegetarian plates were huge and featured dolmades, falafel, rice, veggie skewers and veggie patties (2). The vegetarian plate was massive and everything on the plate was delicious. Next time we'll pay the extra $5 and split one Vegetarian Plate instead of getting two. The pita and hummus were fresh and delicious, however, I find EG's hummus to be a a little thick for my preference and they use a heavy dose of tahini in their hummus. Overall, I would totally recommend EG to anyone with an itch for Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food but be warned, they aren't open for lunch on the weekends yet.
Consistent is a great word to describe this place. The food is consistently great; the service is consistently great; the regulars are consistently there. (they're great too). It has a comfortable smoking/drinking patio and great prices during happy hour. The staff and owner is always (consistently) accommodating and friendly. You feel like you are part of the family here. Food I'd recommend: Any fish served Greek style, the Prime Rib, the burgers and definitely the fillet medallions with the gorgonzola wine sauce. All the food is good though and you gotta love the salad bar!
Being a total Asian bobaface in a generally boba-deficient state, I adore this joint.  The chocolate mint smoothie is always on my mind if I'm in the Tempe area or passing through on my way north.  I dig my boba firm and chewy, so I always ask for the drink to be made extra icy to chill the little pelotas to ideal suppleness.  Eba has a pretty large menu and will gladly do flavor combinations.  They use the proper plastic seal on the tops of the cups so you can shake the living daylights out of the drink (as one should).  Also, Eba has free wi-fi and is close to the airport; it's our favorite pre-flight stop to do a final check of email.
Came here one morning a couple of weeks ago.  Had about 50 minutes alloted before my Mayo clinic appointment, so I thought a short stack of banana-nut pancakes would get me in and out fast.  I thought wrong.  Staff was friendly enough, but it took at least 10 minutes for the server to finally take my order.  I asked for banana-nut pancakes, but instead of the pancake syrup (not pure maple), I wanted a side of the blueberry compote that usually comes w/ the blueberry pancakes.  Would this be OK?  Server said yes.  The short stack (2 cakes) arrived 15 minutes later, but instead of banana-nut pancakes, these were blueberries, delivered by another server.  My server came by to ask if I needed anything else, heard my complaint, and rushed back to the kitchen to correct it.  I was assured that it would only take 10 minutes to get a fresh batch out, but another 15 minutes went by before the correct order arrived.  Keep in mind, it's already been at least 40 minutes since I sat down.  I only had 10 minutes to spare- not enough to savor these delicious cakes.  The blueberry compote ended up containing corn syrup, the ingredient I was trying to avoid by not using the pancake syrup, but it's hard for me to resist blueberry compote, so if I must suffer...I most likely will visit Chompie's again the next time I'm out and about and craving for pancakes, but only if I have 90 minutes or more to spare...
Great little restaurant.  The staff is super friendly, and their happy hour specials are pretty amazing.  I got thePanko crusted Tipalia which was a little dry, but my girlfriend's stuffed mahi mahi was delicious.  The Horchata bread pudding was really good too.  They have a nice patio where most of the customers sit, I will be bringing my dog with me next time.  It is a bit expensive, so be prepared to drop some money, but it's definitely worth checking out.
Even though I don't drink beer, I've been going to Rock Bottom since I lived in San Diego. And have always had a decent experience.I stopped in for lunch. I got the Mac and cheese with NO chicken , it comes with a salad.Huge portions, Cold plate and chilled fork for the salad was a nice touch. The Mac and cheese was piping hot and really good. (see pics)Two people could have shared the mac and cheese, I couldn't finish it, even though I wanted to.Friendly waitress, refilled my drink and brought my check in a timely manner.
Alright we are going to say that this place is Awesome!  The service is outstanding and the food wonderful!    We came here for Breakfast on Sunday Morning .             They were very busy ,but, we did not have to wait too long at all.                                    Our server Colleen was great!   She greeted us right away and  brought our drinks very quickly.   The food was very good and just love their Potatoes.  The menu is fantastic! Lots to choose from. We like the decor and lots of parking in the lot. Nice Place and we will be back!
Avanti! Come in!This place is cool, I did get a mild mobster vibe, but that's alright with me.  And I think the food is fantastico. Really, really good homemade pastas and an extensive wine list filled with great choices. If you're uncertain which wine would go best with your meal, don't hesitate to ask because the servers are pretty friendly and knowledgeable. Try the crab and shrimp cakes for an appetizer and the tortellini portifino for dinner- both are delish.If you're a dessert lover, get either the cream brulee or the tiramisu.
A  bit surprised at the high prices but figured that the "trendy factor in old town" and the atmosphere was the reason because the teeny portions of the food and the quality is just GOOD, like the Good egg, not great, not bad, just good. No happy hour?And Too dark inside. Lots of pretty wait staff. My first suggestion would be to fire grill the mahi tacos and not batter them, they were not that flavorful. The side dishes of street corn and some potato chorizo thing were very good. I wanted to try the guac, but 12 bucks for an avacado with some garlic and cilantro? How about trying to make a good ceviche?My hubby and i thought that Rubios rocks in comparison, we love the shrimp tacos and the pablano and portobello tacos.
I've never actually eaten in the restaurant - Swaddee is one of those places I used to pick up and take home when I lived in Chandler. So, first their take-out process: they've never botched an order, food has been ready within the time frame given each and every time, and I'm almost always in and out in a flash. The food: I've sampled various veggie and seafood options, and they've all been equally delicious. Since I've never been inside for more than a few minutes, I can't really vouch for the atmosphere or the service, but I stand by the food. A little pricier, perhaps, than the Thai Basil down the street, but totally worth it.
The portions are too small, the plasticware just reminds me of Jack In The Box, the serving tray is right from a mall food court, and the menu selection is drastically reduced.  You can't really enjoy conversation or relax at lunch listening to the kitchen scream out order numbers to the customers.  The flavor mixing softdrink machine is fun, but gimmicky.  The food quality and flavor are the same for the most part, but you do leave wanting more...I won't be returning to this location.
"Tanked Fish" is one of my favorite places in the neighborhood and we frequent it often. Rolls are of a great quality and there are some rather unusual and pleasantly different ones there. Price is very reasonable. And drinks selection, if not overly excessive, is "Cool".  Place is not riddled with kids, like many other places are, and you can actually kick back and have a conversation there.One one of the weekday evenings they have this special thing where you can request your musical choice from this rather large list. Its real neat. What else is neat - their happy hour on Wednesday (I am not sure what day exactly to be honest. Call them if you really want to know.), when drinks, starters and most rolls are 1/2! This really makes a huge difference. I gave this place 4 starts. This is pretty much as high as it goes for me for this. "I like"Eugene
I was surprised here for my birthday and it is a very romantic, old-school, traditional great service kind of place. The low lighting and small dining rooms make for a great ambiance. The dual menus, one french-ish and one southwestern-ish are sort of on odd pair, but it is Scottsdale. The appetizer, shrimp "beinets" were simply breaded, fried and very greasy while the lavender dipping sauce and salad that came along with were much more appealing. Both our entrees were wonderful and perfectly cooked - so well in fact, the sides were essentially meaningless, even though I remember them as fairly good also. So if you find yourself here, keep the Ahi Tuna and the Wild Boar in mind.  The wine menu is extensive and filled with surprises. The wait staff were classic in service, yet easily engaged in conversation and very friendly. They only acted snobby for the people who expected it, we on the other hand provided the Diamondbacks/Rockies scores and had a great time! We ended the night with great Grand Marnier birthday souffles. Great place, people and food - we would go back.
I wrote a review of this place back in mid-September and gave it only 3 stars... what the fuck was I thinking? The food here is fucking brilliant... especially for a chain. Amazing burgers. Their Diablo Chicken pasta dish is to die for. The cornbread is actually good - I fucking hate cornbread and yet I'll scarf this shit down like it's crack. Their chips and salsas aren't that great - they'll do the job, but I'm still not convinced about them. I'm also unimpressed with the sides that come with the mains, but I don't come to this place to eat the sides. As I've said before, their margaritas are awesome. They'll fuck you up though, so make sure you have a ride home or else go see a movie to sober up. The atmosphere is low-end upscale and pretty nice and cozy - kinda dark inside and a bit generic, but generic is better than flashy, ugly and distracting. Service is upscale as well and I'm usually pretty pleased with it. They offer free valet parking for customers too which is perfect now that they charge an arm and a leg for the parking structure.Here's my old review for reference: Great margaritas to be had here... really strong and tasty. This location isn't very busy ever it seems... perhaps with Fat Tuesdays around the corner, it's just too much competition.It's a good place to grab a strong margarita before heading over to the movies or something. Their food doesn't inspire me to eat there, so all I've had are appetizers so far... mainly chips and salsa.  Salsa sucks.It's also got some competition from Macayos down the street which doesn't help. I don't know if this place can stay in business much longer unless it gets busier. It could just be the times I was there though.
Met a group of people...great craft beer selection.. ordered Old World Salad w/House Dressing, excellent.. enough to feed 2-4 people..then the Murphy pizza.. applewood smoked bacon and onions w/the thin crust, wood fired. This is an awesome pizza. The rest of the group got various  pizzas and loved everything! Our waitress was great, and took good care of us..
First thing - I felt compelled to write a review because the Android and Ipad app both state that Mokis is closed. If you are doing a mobile Yelp for this place, it is most defiantly open.Second, I decided to give them a try for an early Friday dinner, about 5 in the evening. There were a few people dining in the restaurant, and quite a few people on staff for the evening. The dining room is pretty well decorated, more so than I thought it would be, giving a faux Hawaiian feel to it. Seeing some people there at that time gave me hope for a good meal.I asked the lady manning the counter what was good, and she took a bit of time to walk me through the menu. Emphasizing the plate lunches, I decided to try the Combo that would get me the most variety. I elected for terriyaki beef and kalua pork. I took the side of the 'potato mac' and got my meal to go.Arriving home, my meal sat for about 5 minutes before I had it unboxed and ready to enjoy. Considering that fact, everything was in pretty good condition. The potato mac was a bit more room temperature than cold, but that was my own doing. The rice stayed warm, the pork moist and really flavorful, and the beef sweet and tender.Having dined at a few places offering plate lunches in the past, the potato mac was probably what sold me as much as the meats on why I'll return. Potato mac's tend to have a pretty flat flavor, and when I find out how Hawaiian's garnish them, I will be excited to get some more flavor in them. But it was just the right amount of dry ... I've had many potato mac's that are just too wet, but this felt about perfect.I'll give the fish dishes a try in the future and report on those. But I really enjoyed what I experienced and well give it a second (and probably more) pass.
This was my second visit to Arriba's and believe me, it wasn't my choice. I spent the first 26 years of my life in Southern New Mexico and I miss the food like CRAZY, especially green chile. When you walk into Arriba's it's New Mexico this and New Mexico that and the dishes are named after cities and landmarks in the state.When we told the waitress that in New Mexico green chile sauce doesn't have pork in it she said, "Well, we say that but it's not *really* New Mexican" and walked off. What?!?!The first time there we mentioned this to a Manager and got the same exact reaction. I also asked if I could get a side of plain green chile and was told no. Both times we were being super nice and just trying to start a friendly conversation, had these interactions been better this review wouldn't be here.I'm far from being a vegetarian, I don't eat pork or beef because I don't like it. Also, I didn't ask about the red chile sauce because I'm not a fan, maybe it's porkless and amazing but I can't speak for that...I ordered the Santa Fe Chicken salad.  Iceberg lettuce, slimy greens, cooked onions and bell peppers, mushy tomatoes, half melted greasy cheese clumps and very dry chicken piled on a shell... yuck. If it wasn't for the delicious fresh chips, guacamole and two 99cent happy hour margaritas I would've been VERY unhappy.  I definitely won't ever be back and this time I mean it.
As I mentioned in my previous review, Maizie's was my favorite spot with the first Urban Wine Walk.  So it makes perfect sense that if the UWW Returns, so do I.  Well, return to Maizie's that is!  We started there this time and enjoyed all three wines they were tasting.  Their pizza and bruschetta bites were great.  And after we quickly inhaled the samples, we decided to get more food.  The menu is pretty huge and everything sounded and looked delicious.  Yes, we were eyeing everybody else's plate as well; the bar seats are good for that!  After ooh-ing and ah-ing over what we saw, we decided to split the spinach and artichoke dip that came with chips and pit bread.  It was great!The best part about Maizie's is that they just seem to do things right.  Friendly, casual service so you feel like you're among friends.  All sorts of specials listed up on the boards so 1) you don't have to feel dumb asking and 2) you don't have to feel even dumber when you forget and have to ask again.  Beer of the month (always fun to try), 20% off beer or wine to-go (what is this, Vegas?), happy hour specials (you had me at "daily"), the list goes on and on.Good food, great energy, small, cozy inside and an nice patio space too.  I have only been twice now, but have have fabulous experiences each time.  A few more times, and they win the fifth star, easy!!
I enjoy some burros because it's a good cross between fast food and sit down Mexican food.  The taste is always fresh, and good - the service is fast and friendly, even with a packed house.  It satisfies my Mexican fix and does not leave me regretting life afterwords .... (like Filbertos does)  I have only had this location, but have gone back numerous times and will continue to hit this place up and work my way through the menu ... I had the beef taco and been enchilada today ... see pictures ... you will want.
I live a stone's throw from this Safeway and never end up here for groceries. Based on experience, if I cart my lazy ass down to the Fry's at Thomas and 44th, I end up spending about 1/4 less on my shopping trip than I do at this Safeway. Everything is ridiculously expensive, even after the "club card" savings. I have no idea why. Is it because it's in Arcadia? Is it the added expense of upkeep involved in over-stocking the wine section, or the fancy olive bar, or the gourmand cheese selection? Or maybe it's the added cost of employing cashiers by not installing self-check out lanes. Do I really have to stand in line for ten minutes behind a suburbanite with 2.5 screaming childes just to buy a couple sticks of buttah? And I understand carding, but do you really have to whip out the book to copy down my info and then make me sign my name like three times because my 16-year old self's signature doesn't match my 27 year-old scrawl? Come on, now. That's excessive. I appreciate that you think I'm looking foxy young for my age, but I'd rather hit up the crack pipe-selling liquor paloozas along McDowell than deal with this nonsense.Unless I am in desperate need of an ingredient *stat* or require something special like their amazing Mediterranean olive selection, I'm staying far, far away.
Chloe's Corner, opened last week in the CityScape, Downtown.The interior is modern, spacious and very comfortable. The design is not only admirable, but also very broad. Inside the restaurant there are various types of seating. Tables, counters even plush chairs to chill and kick it with a glass of beer or wine among friends. There is an outside patio too.The first thing you notice during breakfast is a fifty cent cup of coffee. This is a bold brew in a paper cup and plastic top. Excellent coffee. For my morning meal I order Chloe's favorite, a six dollar 2 scrambled eggs, 2 slices of bacon, toast, wedge of fruit, plate. The swirled marbled rye bread crafted at John Anthoney's Italian Bread Company was perfect. Potatoes sauteed with fresh chili peppers were tip top. Bacon was thick and so good.This is one of the areas newest restaurants, and even has a few groceries. Fresh ready to go pre-made lunches, fruit, wine, beer and soft drinks. I would love to recommend at least one bottle water that would come in a paper carton instead of plastic. I took home a bottle of Le Village, Sparkling French Limonade, tasty.Also a big thanks to Malalay, a super svelte, very friendly gal that not only poured the coffee and brought the food, but laughed with me too. And ^5's to my cook.Total bill today was $10.33. I will visit again. Happy Hour next time, to check out the beer garden.
I can't believe it took me this long to visit Sportsman's but now that I have, I know I'll be making my way back soon enough! Sportman's is a combination wine bar and retail store for spirits, wine, champagne and beer galore. Plus it's locally owned by the Basha's family! I like Sportsman's because it's a friendly and warm atmosphere and they have a great variety of discounts for their different levels of alcohol. The walls are lined from the floor to the ceiling with every type of alcohol. The prices range from $10 - thousands of dollars! It's pretty easy to find any type of brand here. Since it's the holiday season, they are currently offering sales on several of their high-end brands which makes it easy to visit for the purchase of a gift! I also like the fact that guests can visit the intimate bar area and sip on some beverages to take a break from shopping. They also make customized gift baskets!
Was out on a date yesterday, and we had worked up an appitite.  We were on the light rail, and decided to stop off on Mill to find food.  Walked down mill for a second, and found silvermine subs.  SCORE!I had never been here before but I liked it.  Its not the fanciest place.  Simple location, good food, decent prices.  They seemed to have a good selection of hot and cold subs, with different side items and combo meals.  I got the King Bullion, and it was tasty!  I went with the small sub (5 inches) a large pop and some chips.  Food was up in no time flat.  Seems to be a college kid hang out, especially considering the location. Would return in a heartbeat.  Tasty, reasonably priced, and right off the light rail on Mill.
After writing the review the other day I had a taste for Pappa's. So I went last night and YA-HUMMEE! I tried something new the Hudson platter and this baby did not disappoint! Perfectly grilled scallops, 2 succulent and sweet lobster tails, 4 huge shrimp brochette. If you are not familiar with shrimp brochette it is shrimp stuffed with Monterey jack cheese and a sliver of Jalapeno, wrapped in bacon and char -grilled. DELICIOUSNESS! It is served with the fabulous dirty rice and sauteed green beans all for are you ready for this wait for it 22.95! I also indulged in sharing a little pecan sweet potato pie with Hagen daas vanilla ice cream and bourbon sauce. WOOHOO! FYI all deserts purchased until July 26th will have a portion of the proceeds go to a local food bank! Dinner last night was sooo freakin good I may be back tonight! Bon Appetite
The Saguro is a bright, happy place in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale and I, for one, am a big fan of bright, happy places (people, too but that's a story for another time.)It is set up more like an apartment and less like a hotel with lots of buildings scattered about, all surrounding a pool. (There is actually more than one pool to make this happen.) It definitely has more of a party vibe than some hotels, which is just fine by me. I can imagine during the summa, summa, summertime these pools are hopping. And, even though the feel of the place is fun, the staff of the place is nothing less than professional. Every single person I interacted with was beyond kind, helpful, and happy.Whether you need a hotel room for a night or a full trip, a place to hang out poolside, a happy hour cocktail, a casual meeting place, or breakfast or lunch I think The Saguaro just might have you covered. And all with a smile. What's not to like about that?
A few years ago my husband bought me a gift certificate for this spa. Oh my god - it was the most beautiful spa I had ever went to! I had a facial and a massage. In addition to that - I got unlimited day usage of their spa stuff! They had a beautiful locker room that had a sauna and jacuzzi in it. An secluded area where you could lay outside - naked! They also had a huge pool out behind the spa where you could just layout and be lazy. Oh- also they had some sitting rooms with magazines, fire places -oh my goodness. It was awesome! AND - the prices weren't that high compared to other spa's in the valley. Check it out if you can!
I like F&E. There are some good things in there, but it's kind of like you have to play by its own rules. If you walk in with one specific item on your list, (Examples: pico de gallo. Not that uncommon, right? How about good hamburger buns? Only one kind? Really?) chances are you might not find it. But, you will be tempted by the premade meals and delightful snacks. Fresh chicken salad? I didn't know I wanted that when I walked in, but now I have it. Don't come here if you have a strict list that you need to shop for or if you're seeking hard-to-find items. Come here with a friend late on a sunday night when you need ideas to make meals for the rest of the week.The store is indeed freezing cold and kind of has that sterile hospital feeling. Lots of really bright lights and WHITE everywhere. The 50% off stuff is great. I got a big package of fettuccine for a dollar. Their prices are a bit odd, though. $0.99 for a pack of four bratwurst, and $2.50 for a can of generic tuna? Well, alright. I'll be back! But now I know under what circumstances to shop here.Highlight: This location seems to be run by a rather sassy nun.
The Vine Tavern (i'll omit the word Eatery as i'm fairly certain this term can't be applied to the food they serve at this establishment) is a vortex sort of culmination hang-out for low-brow Fred Durst clones and future (day-shift) strippers. With that being said, this cesspool of a building hasn't burned to the ground yet so I feel compelled to warn others before they consider spending an evening there.Being new to the Tempe area, myself and a small group of friends decided to drop in to check it out.  As we approached the-dimly lit building I began to have second thoughts: my bloomy sense was tingling (more on this later). As we entered we were greeted by a lovely bouncer type gentlemen who begged us to pay the 5$ cover.... seriously. We were seated towards the back near a group of teenage mothers and their burly counterparts. We ordered food...The food arrived in a timely manner, it may have been poisoned but i was too hungry to care. I ordered the mushroom/swiss burger.... 9 dollars-ish. If Mcdonalds ever begins selling their products in the frozen food aisle of grocery stores it might taste something like what they serve at The Vine. I had immediate food regret, my only consolation was the 1$ you call its and the poor old man behind the mic with his acoustic guitar wrapping up his set. Surreal. .. . .We regrettably paid and escaped out the back. Good: Cheap Drinks !!!!  Bad: You may be stabbed!!!
I know my 2 girlfriends that absolutely LOVE this place will balk at my 4 stars instead of 5. But honestly, I think this place is slightly overrated. Don't get me wrong, I like this place, and I oblige them every time they want to go, but I think 4 stars is just right for the rating. We went there this weekend, and the typical scenario went down. Parking was cramped (lucked out to get a "valet" spot which I parked into myself as it was right out front by the entrance - no I'm not waiting for you Mr. Valet Dude to get into my car and pull it forward into the spot right in front of my face, thank you very much), and there was a short wait (maybe 10-15 minutes). We sat outside, which wasn't ideal since it was cold and drizzly, but we had patio heaters on both sides of our table so it was OK. Sadly we didn't make their $5 wine special, which ends at 5pm, so we were paying full price for the glasses of wine - ranging from $8 to about $12-13. I don't know about you, but I really am not a fan of paying $10 for a glass of wine when I can pay that for an entire bottle. But alas, I had 2 different wines through the course of the night, both on recommendation from the servers, and both decent. We ordered the infamous bruschetta, with the 4 choices being: smoked salmon (YUM!), warm artichoke (tasty), roasted red pepper (still good), and white bean with tomato (OK, but nothing to write home about). For dinner, I had the half & half combo (where you get to choose 2 different items), and I chose the mixed green salad (REALLY delicious, with an awesome combination of greens, pears, grapes, gorgonzola cheese, pecans, & poppyseed dressing) and half of a turkey/pesto pannini. The pannini was QUITE boring. Didn't have much flavor at all. I think it was lacking on the pesto. And honestly, this is what I come to expect at Postino. Some things are just unbelievable and you want to lick your plate clean, and other things are simply boring and tasteless (like the white bean/tomato bruschetta and the turkey/pesto pannini). And hence my rating of 4 stars rather than 5. If the parking was easier, the wines were always $5 a glass, and the food was consistent, I would give it 5 stars. Fair enough?  :)
Same as the others... Clean, friendly and good. I was able to order a chicken legs and mashed taters for one kid, coleslaw and frys for the other, 2 kids meals for the adults and no one complained. They are always more then happy to help you in anyway possible.
Steak, yes, but 2 other words first come to mind when reminiscing about Modern Steak: Retail Therapy.No, I'm not talking about the fact that Modern Steak is conveniently (albeit awkwardly) located in Scottsdale's Fashion Square. Instead, I think back fondly on a delightful little cocktail -- Belvedere, Grand Marnier, strawberry, basil and lemon juice, served chilled in a martini glass (as expected), but also with a little carafe of extr drinky-drink (unexpected), complete with a suspended ice-ball to keep your drink cold while you sip -- without watering it down. GENIUS. Ok, ok, so you're wondering: why the 3 stars? Well, genius cocktails only get you so far. I like to think that I've sampled a fair number of steaks in my day, from frou-frou to straight-from-farm fresh, and I gotta say that the whole steak experience at Modern Steak was about a 3 -- not bad, but not amazing. Just pretty...average. And for $46, I'm not %100 convinced it was worth it. Let me elaborate: - 12 oz. filet: I ordered it three of their five sauces -- the Steak Sauce (which cost extra...bummer) and the House-Made Ketchup. Now, one of the sauces that I simply a-dore with a nice steak is a Peppercorn sauce...so I was a little bummed when they didn't have one. So after getting a recommendation for the Steak Sauce, I went with it, and it was...well, kind of a let down. I didn't love either sauce, truth be told. Granted, I haven't tried the other three, so I guess I'll have to go back and check them out, but all in all, my steak experience was lessened by these sauces, rather than heightened. Boo. - Sides: we ordered the Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Yukon Gold Potato Puree. The sprouts were...meh, but I'm willing to admit that I've been spoiled by the best brussel sprouts of all time at a little place called Larchmont Grill in Los Feliz, CA. They are fantastic. But even so, I'm not convinced these were really that great...I felt they were a definite let down. As for the potatoes, they were literally SWIMMING in butter, which made them very difficult to eat...and to top it all off, both sides were pretty small, even for two people. All in all, I felt the level at which the meal was prepared was a bit sub-par considering the prices and what I can imagine they were going for...there are a lot of restaurants that do what they do, and do it a lot better, so if they want to compete, they're going to need to up their game. UP it. Combined with the fact that we were sitting awkwardly on the patio, which was really just sort of jutting out into the mall, I can't justify more than 3 stars. However, would I try it again? Absolutley. Get the steak? Maybe not. But I think that, for a relatively new restaurant, they're well on their way.
When I first stepped into Smeeks, my entire face lit up, I was figuratively (and quite literally) "a kid in a candy store." It's is a true one of a kind store, it's so entertaining to just walk around in. The decor is fun, the inventory is even more fun, and the photo booth is by far the most fun!The walls are full of great novelty items, such as the Smoking Baby (that actually smokes!), Yodeling Pickle (that actually yodels!), and Fake Cigarettes that are surprisingly realistic! Plus, Smeeks has a lot of really cool, and delicious candy. My personal favorite was the Fat Pig organic chocolate bar (with Puntini coming in a close second). Smeeks is most definitely my new favorite store in CenPho!
Honestly the drinks are overpriced and have a hint of rubbing alcoholHonestly my lunch was just okayHonestly they have a drink called the stigmataHonestly I am dreading having to give them 2 stars given the hypeBut, I am supposed to be honest.This place has been the buzz since before I returned stateside. My coworkers had also been hearing the same buzz. We just had to go as the finale to our week of lunch. Yeah, I probably would've been better off at the Billet Bar across the street. I mean it is biker week. The people watching would've been stellar. The only people watching I had at RnR was the gorgeous server outside our window on the patio. But even his piece of art body won't bring me back.The first hint should've really been the overpriced drinks we started with. I figured for that price they should be damn good so I ordered some lime concoction. A coworker got the stigmata. Holy strong... and not in a good way. I mean, I appreciate my drink as much as the next but not when I can't even enjoy it. One of my other coworkers on the other hand, was enjoying his blue moon. That was until he held it up to take another sip and the entire bottom of his glass fell off.. yes.. fell in one piece.. onto our table. What happened to the contents do you ask? That went all over him, the table, inside someone's wallet, and onto an iPhone and my face. The waiter wasn't even really apologetic about it aside from giving us some extra cloth napkins which weren't soaking anything up at all. No wet rag, no comp, no apology, nothing but another glass of blue moon we were hoping wasn't bought at a prank store and a sticky table, faces, and sunglasses.The chicken lollipops were not what I expected, but really weren't bad. I did enjoy those. I also enjoyed the presentation of my fries. Cute silver bucket. Tons of fries. Couldn't finish.I ended up getting a chicken sandwich that had brie and some other goodness on it. Totally forgot to order it without tomato, but I picked it off easily. I know what you're thinking, they serve breakfast here til 2pm, why the hell did the breakfast queen not order breakfast. Honestly, none of it wooed me enough that it looked delicious. They had a make your own omelet that was on my short list of things to order, but I'm glad I didn't after seeing a coworker's tiny ass omelet and bread with no other side for $10. Also, I highly doubt their Amish french toast is all that Amish. Just sayin'. I know a bit or two about Amish goodness.So, back to my lunch.. it was just eh, which was sad. The description sounded so delicious I really was expecting to be wowed.. finally.. after all the mishaps I'd had up until this point. I do admit I loved the bread. It was delicious. I also appreciated that despite them not having honey mustard, aioli, or anything else to dip my fries in aside from ketchup and barbeque sauce (which was given with the sweet potato fries.. ew) they tried to make me honey mustard. Unfortunately it was just honey mixed in with bottle mustard ketchup. I ended up using the ranch dressing from the lollipops. What I paid for this was ridiculous.The way they reacted to the beer mishap was ridiculous.The food was meh.Not even I was tempted to try breakfast there.It was like the beautiful model that has no brains.... and I want some brain thought going into my dining experience. Don't try to woo me with simple sex appeal.One of my coworkers commented that maybe in 6 months when the pans are seasoned well after being used the place will be worth it to try again. I told him maybe.Had to edit that someone from our table got terribly ill too... oy vey!
Hands down, the best breakfast I've had in Tempe/Phoenix.   We arrived on a Sunday morning around 9am and had no wait for a table.  The service was friendly and attentive.  A few slip ups on forgetting things in the kitchen (e.g. bringing someone's toast), but our waitress was great.Everyone in our party loved their food.  I had the Vatican skillet (which we still can't figure out why it's called the Vatican...?) and blueberry pancakes.  Others had the three musketeers omelette and the breakfast burrito.  All of the food was awesome.And then there was the brandied blackberry bread pudding dessert.  Oh. My. God.  I don't even have the words to describe it.  At least not words that are appropriate for yelp.  It alone is worth a trip to this restaurant.I'll be back.  Not soon enough.
I'm kind of worried about this place. First, this is for the new location Downtown. I guess they have another one in Park Central, but I've never seen it. When you call for takeout, they remind you of which location you're calling. I like that because some people are idiots and will probably go to the other one.I loooooooove the curried noodle dish. I've eaten it in the restaurant and ordered it for takeout.The service is super friendly and the place itself is really nice. Call ahead before going, though. I drove down there one night after checking their hours and they were closed. Who does that????? That's the main reason I'm worried about this place staying open. It gets a good lunch crowd, but they need to work on dinner, too.Prices are reasonable and on par with the 87 other Thai places Downtown.
in honor of the impending superbowl XLV, i wanted to write my majerles review. this year though, instead of hitting up a sports bar for the biggest day in football, i'll be going to a party. a real rager. if i wasn't though, i would definitely be pressed up against majerles front door bright and early superbowl morning. it's a great sports bar.the weirdest thing about majerles is their name. someone finally told me it wasn't pronounced "mah jer lees" like i had thought.... it's pronounced "mar lees". so let me get that out first.i'm a big sports nut.... well, let me rephrase that. i'm a big sports nut when it involves REAL sports. i won't make fun of anyone, but if it's not football, baseball, basketball or hockey i don't wanna hear about it. unless of course we're talking about extreme sports like surfing, skateboarding, etc. being a fan of sports makes me a fan of sports bars. there are only 3 main things i need in order for a sports bar to be great in my opinion. let me lay them out for you:a good selection of beers, happy hour specials and bar snacks--- yes, majerles has this in spades. large selection of beers and any sports bar that has perrier jouet, vueve clicquot and dom champagnes must be praised.(mostly because i think this is absolutely hilarious. WHO orders pricey champers at a sports bar? haha!) also, put me down as a fan of their reuben reuben and tenderloin sliders. yum.the service--- there's nothing worse than sidling up to a bar, excited to watch your team kick some ass and ordering a drink from a bartender that seems bored and unhappy. every bartender i've come in contact with at majerles truly loved being at work (or they at least acted like it). bartenders attitudes really carry a lot more weight then they realize. happy bartender =  happy bar patronsthe strategic placement of large TV sets for comfortable viewing pleasure--- yep. they designed this with real sports fans in mind. no matter where i sit, i can see a multitude of TV's with little blocking my view. so they have it all, and i likey. go here if you're looking for a good bar to watch the superbowl... or any sporting event for that matter. oh, and GO PACK GO!!!
Quick update for Mama Java's since we had the Yelp Office Hours there last week... we lucked out and were able to take over the couch / chairs to the right when you walk in the door.  It worked out perfectly!  Even though I hadn't been in to MJ in a couple of months, Jensy remembered that I drank a soy latte - incredible!  I felt so special (almost like a regular) when I walked in and she greeted me and asked if I wanted a soy latte!  I did, and it was just as good as last time!The atmosphere provided the perfect place for the yelpers to come and go, chat, etc... I think everyone felt comfortable and welcome.  Thanks again to all of you who came by to visit!  Looking forward to the next time... Lastly, MJ created a yelper special of the day... the "hold me closer tiny yelper' which i believe was a vanilla cinnamon latte.  Now if that didn't make us feel special, what does?!
Right around the corner from my sister's ghetto-tastic shack, this place is bomb. Green chile tostada...hell yes! The place is not much to look at from the outside, not much to savor on the inside, but the only people hanging out here are Chandler High kids escaping 4th period. You stand in line, you get your paper bag of greasy goodness, you leave with a smile on your face. You hope your sister has beer in the fridge when you get back to her place.
Another new great place in the Arcadia neighborhood  to grab some great food and select a drink from the extensive beer and wine list.  I think there were over 60 beers and 40 wines to choose from.  I thoroughly enjoyed the tomato and candied pancetta bruschetta and the lamb kefta...yummy!  Definitely check this place out when the weather is cooler and you can enjoy the view of Camelback Mountain from the patio.
As you may have read in a previous review, so graciously provided by Dally, that Four Peaks is our post-Tuesday night hockey watering hole. We normally show up stinky and limping or in some sour mood or another. Somehow we always leave a little happier, but still limping, well I do anyway. Unfailingly, we are greeted by the bouncer, who no longer cares to see our ID's, either because he can see the age in our strides or because he knows us now. I would like to believe the latter. Also, waiting for us is the lovely and nicht so talented Karina. Bless her poor soul for putting up with our asinine questions about her life and our requests for more water. She humors us anyway. We are made to feel like this place is home, at least for a couple of hours on a Tuesday night. Karina knows what we order for drinks and never has to ask, just brings. I usually switch between a simple salad with a great balsamic vinaigrette or a plate of fries. I know, diametrically opposed. Just depends on the mood and how committed I am that day/week to my diet. I always get the 8th St Ale though. It is very good and for 3 bucks can't be beat. I have enjoyed the pretzels, the now "famous" nachos, with chicken mind you, the spinach-artichoke dip, some of the various wing flavors, and a pizza. For late night dining they are all very palatable.  I have a funny wing story, but I think it is only funny to me, Dallas, Z, and our friend Peter.  If we ever get the elusive Z to join, I will make sure he shares his story on here.Until then, check out Four Peaks in Scottsdale.  The late night menu satisfies and is not hard on the wallet.  Tell Karina Brad sent you.  You won't get a discount, maybe just a laugh.
I love the Salt Cellar for being the lazy woman's go-to place for seafood.  If you get lobster or crab from them, the waitress will crack and de-shell it for you; it's such a great service since a lot of the time I am hesitant to get any kind of crustacean because I don't like getting messy and spending all that time getting the meat out of the shell.  The lobster here, while technically from Maine, is flown in fresh from Boston, and they offer 1.25 lb, 3 lb, and occasionally a showcase jumbo lobster.  When I went here they were touting an 8 lb lobster for those with the stomach (and coin) to spend a pretty penny on the Yao Ming of lobsters.While the sides are very basic, the seafood is understandably the real star of the show.  While I was happy with my fresh lobster, I did try some salmon wellington, which was some of the best tasting salmon I've had in some time.  It was very tender and moist, and very fresh.  I'm also happy to report that they have soft shell crabs here this season, which is one of my favorite seafood items.The ambiance itself, for me at least, is a bit lacking.  They don't call it the Salt Cellar for nothing, for when you descend into the restaurant through a flight of stairs, it's very dark and a bit damp and chilly.  The lighting for me is too yellow for me, and everything in general seems antiquated.  I remember eating here years and years ago, and it seems like they haven't changed anything about the decor since then!
This place was incredible.  The staff was friendly, not pretentious, and very knowledgable. I don't know what it was called, but our group ordered a tray which was a sampler platter and had a bit of everything on it.  So fresh!  We also tried the sushi with the caviar on top.  Try the sake that they recommend (flown in from Japan - they are the only ones in PHX that carry it).  I'm not a sake fan but I loved it.  That's how good it was.
The only thing I like about Fez are the pomegranate margaritas. Food could be better...
Where else can you get fresh lemon grass, fresh pork uterus, and avocado ice cream?  Asian markets are the bomb, but Lee Lee's is the BOMB DIGGETY since they have EVERYTHING.  Jamaican, Cuban, Vietnamese, Korean, Indian, Lebanese---you name it.If you love to cook (and I do, I really do!) you can seriously spend hours here.  ONE CAVEAT:  The seafood is fresher and better at 99 Ranch on 44th St. in Phoenix.Last week, they were giving a 10% discount off of your grocery bill and a free bottle of fish sauce or soy sauce.  If you spent over a certain amount, you got a big bag of rice.Go!  Now!And have lunch in the Vietnamese restaurant attached.
My previous review has the real details about what i LOVE about their food!Update:  Doing mostly take-out here, but at least one of the grumpy girls is more friendly now!  Yesterday when I grabbed our to-go order, she smiled, made small conversation, and did not exude a sullen disposition in any way.  I'm happy for me, I'm happy for her!Ordered many of our usual items, plus Mongolian beef, which was very tasty. I'm stil partial to the Ginger beef, however.
I received a buy one entree, get one free coupon for joining their fan club membership so my son and I went this morning for breakfast. Got there around 9am. Greeted and seated immediately in a nice booth. Waitress was quite knowledgeable and took our order after giving us time to peruse the menu. I ordered the Country fried steak and eggs which comes with OJ, country potatoes and toast as did my sons breakfast which he ordered the standard bacon and eggs with an extra egg. We both agreed that the breakfast was OK, both our potato sides were cold. I had a small thick dollop of gravy on my country fried steak, which was quite good but had to ask for extra gravy. Put in a serving bowl it was so thick it wouldn't pour so I used a spoon. I spread it on my Country fried steak with a butter knife much like you would a piece of toast. Weird! Watch out for the coffee. If you are offered flavored coffee it is extra. Hidden charges for everything. In other words, even with the coupon the total came to almost $20.00. for 2 average breakfasts. (tip, cancer donation, etc.) I had to do a double take on the check to see if they included the coupon. Nothing really bad but nothing really good either. I should have known better! Probably not coming back. My son seconds the motion.
While in the area we wanted something for lunch but knew we'd be having dinner out that same evening. Not wanting to fill up too much we ordered an appetizer and entree to share. The lettuce wraps with shrimp were so good! Fresh and crispy veggies accompanied seasoned shrimp all wrapped in butter lettuce leaves. It was light and tasty. For our entree we ordered the Hawaiian mahi mahi which came with a pineapple, red pepper and onion mixture over a bed of rice. The fish was a little overcooked but still tasted pretty good. Star for the water glass test!
2.5, just not enough to give it three. Food was just OK and they ran out of ahi tuna by 9pm! They have happy hour all night (pretty good specials too) but they close SO early (10pm last call on Sunday)!
Drinking + Arcade Games. This should be an obvious winner, right? Wrong.Oh, how wrong. Eating here is like eating in a casino, only less classy and with worse food. Beers are overpriced but absolutely necessary to make it through the event. Those combo deals that include beers and a game card seem like a good idea, until it's 45 minutes later, you're out of points, you're nowhere near drunk and you've already spent $40.If you go late, try not to get syphilis when you walk by San Felipe's.
I've been two Pie-Zanos twice now and I think my wife did the best job of describing the format of this unique dining experience:  Subway for Pizza.  Of course, this is not to imply that Pie-Zanos is staffed by mouth-breathing "pizza artists" or stocked with sub-par ingredients and generally filthy.  On the contrary, this "Subway of Pizza" is staffed by congenial and hip 20-30 somethings who are eager to please by heaping  tons of fresh and flavorful ingredients  onto your individual personalized pizza. Pie-Zanos allows you to pick from wheat or white dough and from up to 8 different sauces.  From there you can add herbs and crust flavoring and then you can pick from 6-8 different cheeses.  Then you select from the widest selection of pizza toppings you'll find anywhere.   The fare is basically affordable as long as you don't go apeshit on toppings (55 cents each after the first).   As a special bonus they have Pepsi products.   I have also enjoyed the breadshits which are fresh and delightful and pair nicely with the traditional red marinara as well as the tomato-pesto. My only complaints with Pie-Zanos and what keeps it from achieving 5 stars is how busy it gets at lunch, limited indoor seating and the fact that they allow children's birthday parties which, when mixed with ubiquitous bad parenting, quickly turns a hip and snazzy pizza joint into a Chuck-E-Cheese's.
The ice cream floats were great! I know because we ordered 5 of them! The food on the other hand was not so good. We ordered the kids cheese pizza, grilled cheese sandwiches, pastrami, pastrami ruben and a cheese burger. The pizza was not edible (too hard). For the price of the entrees, it would have been nice to offer fries or fruit instead of chips or lower the price. The staff was attentive and nice!The atmosphere was great for playing I spy.Would visit again but only for soda and ice cream floats.
I absolutely love the atmosphere and vibe of Switch.  I've been there 3 times, once for a latenight snack (before they were serving alcohol) and twice for breakfast.  My favorite thing about it is that I feel completely comfortable going by myself with a book and lingering over breakfast and coffee.Service is always very quick and super friendly, and prices are good.  Unfortunately, as much as I love GOING to switch, I have to be honest and say I haven't been wowed by the food so far, although I still need to try lunch/dinner.  Food's not bad, not at all, just nothing spectacular.Having said that though, I'll still go back often!
This Jack in the Box location has the worst service & food that I have found in the Phoenix metro area. Every time I have gone through the drive through there my order has either been wrong or inedible - how hard is it to make a taco without frying it into oblivion? The wait times are consistently more than 5 minutes...I think I will be spending that 5 minutes driving to another location, just to get the correct order & food that is properly prepared.
My meal at FnB last weekend was one of the best I've had in Arizona. I love everything about this place, the food, the cocktails, the staff, the atmosphere.It was a rainy Sunday. I knew the restaurant was right next to Cowboy Ciao, but managed to walk right by it (my friends noticed me go by). I turned back, and Pavle was nice enough to wait at the door, and said "Ben?" as I was about to pass by again. I agree with what everyone else said here, Pavle really makes you feel at home.I started with the slivered fennel salad and a ginhound. I split the order with a friend, and they were more than happy to bring the salad split  onto two plates for us. I love citrus, and these were a very refreshing start to my meal. Next up was the trout. It was presented stacked on top of the sunchokes and caramelized onions, with some wonderful broth on the plate. The combination of flavors was rich, and amazing, and the presentation ensured that every bite was as good as the last. I could eat this every visit, but I sampled the chicken and lamb, and was just as blown away. For desert I had lemon cake with ice cream and strawberry compote. FnB has been receiving a lot of positive buzz lately. It's well deserved. If you haven't visited yet, you're missing out.
A ski-lodgey pizzeria. This says it all. Well, almost. While the decor may be a bit "weird" and "puzzling," make no bones about it, the beer selection is great.Let's re-cap 2 of my experiences, shall we?DINNER:Arrived shortly after 6 p.m. on a Saturday and sat in the bar area, which was littered with a few patrons. Live music started at 7 p.m. Since Saturday is considered "All Day Happy Hour," I went with a $5 sandwich - turkey, with smoked provolone. On the side, fresh fruit. They call this their "Half and Half." The sandwich was okay. Nothing I can't make at my own hacienda, though. I really liked the turkey, which like appeared freshly carved. The beverage: Sam Adams Summer ale, which was their seasonal at the time. My family, who dined with me, thought the food was okay. When both my brother and my dad ordered beef, they weren't asked what temperature they wanted it cooked at. They were just given it well done. I would not have stood for that. Overall, the food is average "bar style" food. The menu is large, though. It may take you several minutes to narrow down your choices. From calzones and burgers to sammies, you have options. JUST DRINKS:Now we're talking. If you're looking for a low-key place to hang for a couple hours, play some pool, watch some sports or hear live music, I would suggest checking out this place. They have two pools tables: one downstairs in the bar area; one upstairs. They also have a video game machine at the bar. (Beware that the pool tables were probably bequeathed to this place. After all, balls disappear. Where did the que ball go? Hmm.)As for the beer, well... Let's just say they have quite the selection. You may not find your fancy imports here, but you will find some really great beers from some Oregon and Colorado microbrews. For that, this place goes up in rating for me (hence the 4 stars). After all, there's not may low-key places 'round town - especially close to home - that offer quite the array of beers to satiate my discerning tastes. I recommend you try The Great Divide Raspberry Ale, which is made with real raspberries. It's not overly sweet, but it's unique enough that you may find yourself, like me, craving it from time to time. Or, if you enjoy Rogue beer, they do sell the Dead Guy Ale on tap! Sure, I list out their beers here, but that'll take up my entire character limit. Let's just say that on their drink menu, THREE WHOLE PAGES are devoted to beer - what you'll find both on tap and by the bottle. SO WHY GO? Uhm, that's easy. Go for the great beer. (That's the main reason for the 4-star rating.)If you love good beer, like I do, and want to chill with some friends, while playing pool or listening to some live jams (though the live music stopped at 9 when i went), then check out Boulders on Broadway. You may even find yourself thinking you stumbled through an invisible portal into a 1970's Denver ski lodge. Good times!
Papago has a great beer selection & awesome food. Try the Orange Blossom!!
I always feel a sense of guilt having to write a less than stellar review after meeting the owner of a restaurant. Lucia was Beautiful and sweet, and a pleasure to meet, my lunch, however, was not fit to eat. I ordered the THE HUMM-DINGER VEGAN WRAP: Roasted artichoke, zucchini, red bell pepper, onion, fresh spinach and hummus with a balsamic reduction drizzle, with a side of fruit and the sun dried tomato wrap. Notice it says "Roasted", the cashier told me the Veggies were "Grilled". Unfortunately, to my dismay, they were neither. Everything inside was heated up, by either stove or microwave, I'd guess the latter, and the "Sun Dried Tomato Wrap" was thin, doughy and utterly flavorless, not to mention a shocking pink color, which I'm sure was due to being naturally colored with beet juice, but did not help make things anymore appetizing. The fruit was a soggy pile of your typical pre-cut cantaloupe, honey dew mix. It was not what I was expecting AT ALL, when I think of a grilled veggie wrap, I imagine tasting all those veggies bursting with flavor after caramelizing on the grill, they had no flavor though. I also did not expect the temperature to be Hot, chilled would have been better in my opinion if the veggies had actually bee grilled that is. This lunch to me was less than average and as I sat there will my full plate in front of me I was asked how my meal was, I clearly stated my concerns as I have here and was simply told that it was a "Best Seller". Lucia did send over a piece of chocolate cake, which was appreciated, but unfortunately missed the mark since I'm Vegan and the desserts aren't. Honestly, in my opinion, aside from the market, most of the menu items are anything but healthy. The 3 stars is for the market, my food would have been 1.And that folks is why I am the Lunch Snob!
I had to chime in for JOT-C (yep, that's what I call it) because I know it very well, and it's gotten an unjustified bad rap from other Yelpers so far. I've eaten here for over a decade. I've brought friends, college classmates, relatives, and dates here. I lost my dad 3 years ago and I have fond memories of dining here with him. I distinctly remember spilling a Coke all over myself the first time I brought him here. I also remember coming here on my very last day of law school, with a bunch of classmates from Employment Law. The folks here have seen their share of special occasions in my life. Wouldn't be true if this were truly just a 2 star experience. I don't think it's fair to nail a restaurant with a bad review based on only a single visit, in most circumstances. Restaurants are run by humans, who are allowed to have a bad day now and then. I've eaten here a billion times. Occasionally something has annoyed me. Most of the time the service is prompt. And those things are true of every restaurant I've ever frequented more than once. At JOTC, even if it's not prompt, it has not even once been unfriendly. There is an elderly gentleman waiter in particular who I especially like. A non-Indian friend I came here with once asked him, "So, what part of India are you from?" The waiter look back puzzled and said in his typically mild and hushed manner, "Sir, I am from Mexico City." We LOL'd. It's #2 on my list of Indian restaurants in the Valley, which is pretty good. Since Tandoori Times is so close by it almost always wins out on a given night, over the past year or so. But the fact remains that JOTC is solidly #2. The food is good, by my Indian standards. Samosas: awesome. Chicken tikka masala: very good. I tried the bhindi masala once and that didn't turn out too well. A unique JOTC feature is that dishes are served in very cute, traditional-looking, brass or copper Indian pots. Little details like that lead me to say that the decor and atmosphere here probably beat out Tandoori Times and every other Indian place. Simple but elegant, with old Indian art on the walls and cool room dividers thoughtfully placed throughout. The outdoor seating is very pleasant, with heaters to warm you up during winter. The location only adds to the reason to eat here. It's in a cool space next to the Scottsdale Civic Center, a few yards away from AZ 88. It's a solid place to come with a group to eat, drink, and enjoy some good conversation.JOTC doesn't blow me away (thus only 4 stars), but it needs to be said that if you live in the Valley it is worth at least one visit if you like Indian food, which you wouldn't be able to tell from the other reviews. Judge for yourself.
I went here with Friends last Friday.  All my friends and I use Yelp, at the end of the meal taking cost into perspective we all came to this is a 1 star place.  It was a huge disappointment after looking at the positive reviews.  Our 1st disappointment came because they had a "limited" beer list.  My good buddy just wanted an IPA and all they had was the normal domestic beers and a few other quality ones.  Then, the Spanish ham was not very good and once you take into account the price it was terrible.  We had a sausage plate where the sausage was dry.  The Calamari was extremely oily.  The only positive thing was the lamb chops but once you factor in price that was poor too.  We all came to the conclusion we would never go back.
The management thanked me profusely for my input on Yelp and graciously invited me to return as a guest to show me the true Latilla Experience. I was told changes have been made because of reading my YELP review.The changes are that dinner portions are more ample than before, the appetizer plate share charge is gone now and I noticed the web site has been updated. This visit showed little resemblance to the service I had last time. A full staff was on with staff working in sync as a team with all the tables not just mine.I was even more blown away with the food than the last time due to perhaps I picked foods that were more suiting to me some highs were-Beet salad- it was similar to others I had in other places but this one also had HOUSE GROWN BEETS ,Riesling soaked pears and the toasted hazelnuts made the salad  pop with flavor. Foraged mushroom rissotto-correctally made with a depth of flavor, it was good on it's own but this had an added embellishment of a SIXTY TWO DEGREE duck egg. Nicely seasoned and prepared fresh branzino sat on top of ribbon cut caponata, an unusual surprise was the vinaigrette and the ribbon cut string less celery that was very good. We also enjoyed the Kobe Flap steak with wine reduction and tiny marble size multi color potatoes and tasty spinach.Since we skipped the interesting desserts last time we had to try one this time and tried the chocolate hazelnut cake with jam-figs and mascarpone gelato this dessert was garnished with a chocolate sort of lavender crisp and roasted hazelnuts. This dessert was something Iron chef worthy for sure with all the flavors working well together.The service we had was phenomenal.The food at Latilla is masterfully done, the surroundings are majestic and breathtaking. The meal we had wasn't ordinary it was extraordinary!
I totally love this place. It reminds me of the old school hardcore Chinese restaurant my parents used to take us when we were kids :D The decor is amazing- unlike more Chinese places in Phoenix. The walls are a teal blue, adorned with large carved pieces of artwork depicting scenes in China, golden dragons and more. The lights hanging from the ceiling are amazingly ornate. The place looks like its from a bygone era (doesn't help that its in a run down strip mall) but it is clean and charming inside.The service was great- kind to our 2 yo, and very attentive. The food was the best part- I can't remember the last time I had such good Chinese food, and it's priced very reasonably. We got the Peking dinner for 2 which included the fried noodles, hot tea, wonton soup (with generous noodles, meat, shrimp and veggies, the best I've ever had), a pupu platter with eggrolls, bbq skewers, house wings and those cheese puff thingies (the presentation is pretty cool, too). Next came 3 entree sized plates of food: mongolian beef, fried chicken (can't remember the name) and the Peking fried rice. The meal concluded with incredible little desserts- sort of like eggrolls but filled with banana and then covered with crystalized honey. I could have eaten 100 of them! Adding in a beverage and tax, the meal was only $34! My 2 yo can really eat, so I am surprised and pleased to say that even with sharing the dinner for 2 people with him, the 3 of us walked out with lots of leftovers. Highly recommended. Do it! DO IT!
Basicly i would let anyone know i like it, never heard a wiper of a bad experience here.  Def a fan, i work very close by and if i really need they would deliver, yeah their that nice.  How can i put it Ladybug House of Sandwiches or Sandwich shop for short what a great place in phoenix to take care of the lunch fill with out going to Subway, (not saying i don't go there).  When I need a real sandwich I stop in here.  They are a lunch spot so they close early and will have specail summer time hours.  Why ladybug house of sandwiches well, great meats choice of differnt breads and its like what I love the ladybug theme.  and just what you think of ladybugs their nice not pests, pretty and would make a cool friend.  Small note, i put my business card in their bowl once and actually won!  I got half off for the whole office, thanks ladybug ladies your the best.  Once again Kevin, lets you know whats real, kind of like meMcDowell right accross from the Banner Hospital  right smack in the middle of the whole campus of medical buildings and offices.
Buca Di Beppo is literally, italian restaurant hell. You know how all big box chain restaurants throw junk up on the walls in an attempt to make the space feel vintage? Buca Di Beppo throws junk, and knick knacks and statues and anything else 'italian' they could find in the chinese warehouse where they loaded up these goods. It's a terrible horrible mess and you end up sitting in a yardsale of italian paraphenalia while eating your very bland pasta.It's embarassing how truly flavorless the food is here. Thin, flavorless alfredo sauce. Thick slabs of lasagna with less taste than what I can get out of the frozen section at Publix. I went with a large group and across the table, bland food.When they seat your party, they guide you through the kitchen area where the cooks play along and say a welcoming hello. Deep down you know they hate this. Why are we in the kitchen? Sure it's nice, but I'd rather have them concentrating on making the food, and making it good. Of course, the food at Buca Di Beppo seems to be far beyond any point of return to tasting good. It's just dead. Dead food. No life, no flavor, not emotion. I get more flavor from the $.99 Michelina's frozen lunch package.Far from claiming anything authentic Italian, Buca Di Beppo even pumps out bread with no taste. Eating at Buca is like eating food from an assisted living facility. No salt, no sugar, no butter, no fat, it's all gone along with anything resembling taste. Sure, Buca has huge portions, and the setup is nice for large parties and families - but they might as well just buy the family-size pasta packs from the frozen section and bake it at home, even that would be better, and they wouldn't have to the mandatory gratuity. Say what you will about other italian chains like Macaroni Grill, or Olive Garden - at least their food taste like something.
I am a fan of big and tasty sandwiches but have had very few really good ones as of late. That is until I tried this place. I was in the area and decided to give the them a try after spotting their sign. When I first walked in I noticed the place was empty (normally a bad sign) but it was a Thursday afternoon so no big. This was my first time eating here so I took a few minutes to see what they had to offer. The sandwiches here come in different sizes from a small 5 inch to a 2 foot extra long, which makes it easy to decide what to order depending how hungry you are.The 8 inch sub is easily enough for one really hungry person or two not so hungry people. Seriously it is about the size of a subway foot long and taste way better to! You have three choices when it comes to bread. They are white, wheat, and sourdough. I chose sourdough for my sandwich and it was chewy and seemed to be really fresh. Like most sub shops they also have a selection of pre selected combos (18 to be exact) with toppings like Ham, Turkey, Pastrami, Salami, Capicolla, Roast Beef, and Tuna. The cheese selection includes Provolone, Swiss, Smokey Cheddar & AmericanWhat makes this place so different from most sandwich joints is the fact that they hand slice your meat when you order it. No more slimy meat that has been sitting in a case for hours and floating in weird juices Yuck! Finally a place that understands that it is OK to take the time to slice meat for each customer because it makes for a better tasting sandwich. One that a customer will want to come back for over and over againFor me this place set the bar so high most of the other chain places will never be able to compare with the quality of not only the food but the great customer service that I received from this place. It is not often that a place is able to make such a great impression on me (read my other reviews) but I will definitely make sure to give them my business the next time I am in the mood for a sandwich. The only thing that brought their score down was the fact that they had no customer parking and I had to pay to park in the garage. Yes I understand it is Tempe but why not at least offer to validate my parking LOL.
Stopped into this good-sized place for lunch today, with Mike C.  It's a little worn, but comfortable, & I counted up 81 regular food items.  All that I tried from the soup, salad, sushi, hot dishes, & dessert selections were good, & I particularly enjoyed these items:*  The Hot & Sour Soup!*  The Kim Chi!*  A tasty salad topping with broccoli, mushrooms, & more!*  The Seafood Salad!*  The Egg Foo Young!A good solid 4-Star place here!  Lunch Buffet $6.99, $6.29 Sr.
You know that scene in Fast Times at Ridgemont High where Jeff Spicoli takes one of his Vans off and hits himself on his head? Well that's what I did when I went to this place for the first time.   Why haven't I been coming here for the last 10 years, this place is great!!!  I would say this is the best non-Pizzeria Bianco/Cibo pizza in the valley.  The crust is awesome, sauce and cheese just perfect!The really impressive part is is how picture perfect the pizzas are made.The lobster ravioli were huge, easily enough for two.  Baked Ravioli's were better that average but needed more basil or something.You really can't dine here, so it's take out or delivery.  They have one table and a few other seats inside if you had to eat here I guess you could.
"You smell like smoke."  That's the greeting I received when coming home from a terrific UYE organized by BBQ lovin' Deb L.  And at that point, if my stuffed self didn't already know it, I knew I had just eaten some damn good food.Upon arriving, I had a deja vu moment of being there before...a long time ago, sipping a virgin strawberry daiquiri (I told you it was a long time ago), and thinking I was all that.  Yes, it was Bobby McGee's at one time!  So flash forward 25 years, and I'm having a strawberry lemonade "adult" beverage, which was quite tasty btw, in the company of 20 fabulous Yelpers!We were given corn bread pretty quickly, and it was devoured pretty quickly.  A little on the crumbly side, but delicious nonetheless.  Because my husband could not join us, I went with the 2-meat combo (brisket and pulled pork) so there would be some left to take him.  Yeah, that's my story.  I was a happy eater to find I could order my meats sauce free!  The brisket was good, but a little too fatty.  The pork was really good, however; adequately seasoned and smokey.  I tried the spicy sauce on the table, and found it to be just right, just a little kick to it.  For sides, the mac and cheese was creamy and not lacking in sauce.  Yum.  The roasted corn was really really good.  If corn always tasted that good, I would move to Iowa.Our service was great and they were accommodating for our request for separate checks with a 20% gratuity.  Our service was actually good enough, especially given a party that size, that I tipped extra.  And I did refrain from eating all of my meal, so that I could have a nice lunch the next day when my husband refused my offer of the leftovers.  Only problem was he didn't refuse.  And I went hungry the next day, wishing I had eaten all of my meal when I had the chance.
Mediocre, bland, low quality food topped off with painfully slow service.  I worked in the neighborhood and continued to return occasionally "just in case it's gotten better", for reasons I could never fathom once the plate of abysmal food was placed on the table.  The salsa and rice are usually good, but that's the most I have to offer.
I was in Bomberos for breakfast this morning, and I was told they now carry Coca Lite!  So much better than Diet Coke - I had no idea I could find it anywhere in the US!  How great is that?Also, Bomberos is now using MJ Breads and Tammie Co pastries... not too shabby, huh?
I know that all Melting Pot locations gets mixed reviews... usually the price turns people off.  It is a little pricey, but it's all about the experience.  Also, since it's a time-consuming experience, one tends to be there about twice as long as at a regular restaurant.  So I don't really mind the price for a once in a while kind of thing.  My hubbie and I have been 8-10 times... twice at the Scottsdale location.The husband and I always order the "Big Night Out," generally the "Lobster Indulgence."  (We figure if we're going to spend a pretty penny, we might as well really make it worthwhile.)  Maybe since we always do the lobster thing, the price doesn't bother me as much.Don't remember the specific themes the times we went to Scottsdale, but the "Big Night Out" meals go like this:  Cheese Fondue (you can choose the special or any from the regular menu) with assorted dippers, Salad Course (again, the special or off the menu), Main Course (if you get the "Lobster Indulgence," it includes twin lobster tails, usually a couple kinds of beef (e.g., filet and sirloin), shrimp, chicken, salmon, and/or pork, often a stuffed pasta, and lost of vegetables) with assorted sauces, and the best part... Chocolate Fondue with fresh fruit, brownies, marshmallows, Rice Krispies Treats, etc.  Yummy!I must say that your experience also really depends on your server.  If you get a bogus one, you might not have a great time.  We've had good experiences for the most part, some absolutely awesome experiences.Also, check out each location's web site prior to making reservations.  They sometimes offer really great deals or promos, especially on weekdays.  This info might be helpful to those who feel like the regular price is over the top.
At first I was hesitant about trying Prado out because of some of the reviews. I got the impression that I may in for a hit-or-miss experience. And it was my fear that I'd catch one of their "miss" days. I was pleasantly surprised when I had an absolutely sublime meal! Since the menu changes nightly, I won't bore you with details of the meal. I'm a huge fan of restaurants using local, organic produce &/or meats....and I'm a bigger fan of Prado b/c of this! The resort and the restaurant is extremely sexy! You really do feel as if you've traveled to Spain. I encourage people to take advantage of the local gem!!Bon Appetite!
My sister took me here last week its crazy that I haven't been yet right? This is her regular go to place. Not much I can say after so many reviews here already. The patio looked very nice I bet its the place to be when its cooler. It was kind of empty in here but it was late afternoon. My sis ordered us some Drunken Italian Sodas they were made super strong though usually this would not detour me however I had my child with me and had to drive all the way back home after. Basically it tasted like straight vodka in a giant glass it was a bit much for me mid day and after adding Sprite to it which I stole from my daughter I still couldn't drink it without feeling like I'd be a drunken Mexican after. I didn't understand this drink maybe someone can explain it to me? My sis told me their Sangria was good but I had no idea they made Caipirinha's next time that's what I get no question. The food: We had the garlic lemon hummus it was really good the ingredients separately didn't have much taste to them but together it was really nice the pita bread was excellent. The kid couldn't stop eating the hummus she got so full she barely touched her mac n cheese so we brought that home along w all the leftover hummus. Now on to the Tejano burger we decided to split. OMG it was so delicous I couldn't put it down and we both regretted having split it w each other. Extra star just for that burger alone you best try it if you haven't son!!!
This is  the best Asian restaurant in town! Previously Shanghai Palace, this out of the way restaurant serves up some of the best curry and pad Thai, that I have ever tasted in my life! The Panang Curry is so savory and aromatic, literally one of the best things I have ever had. I honestly crave this dish about twice a week.Also any thing on the menu can be made vegetarian this is a huge bonus for all veggie's around town! The Chef-owner Tottie Kaya, is always very hospitable. She walks around to each table making sure everything is up to standard. I have never once had a bad experience at this delicious eatery. So if you love Asian cuisine, you must dine at Tottie's!
After hitting up the bank to sign some paper work, I wanted to stop by the Biltmore for a quick lunch and had Paradise Bakery in mind.  As I was making my way through, I encountered a new facade with Southwestern designs that I have never seen before.  "Cool!" as I exclaimed to myself. It looked intriguing enough that I went in to ask the hostess for a menu.  After gazing around for a few minutes, the Chimichanga Entrée caught my attention! Content I was! j'adore Chimis!After being seated in the, rather blandish, outdoor patio area with mistifiers cooling away, I put in my order: a Chimi and an Arnold Palmer.Not too long, my waitress brought out some cool, fresh salsa and chips.  Nothing too dazzling, quite ordinary.  Chips were crispy, oily, and a tad salty.  Arnold palmer seemed to lack both the sweetness and citrus.Now come the Chimi with a side of rice and beans.  Typical Mexican, you would think right? Well, up until I took my first bite into the rice! Puzzled face I was--like an Anime character.  I steadily kept taking small bites after small bites, analyzing what in the heck I was eating.  Generally, it was just sweet and overpowering what I would think a Mexican rice should be.  The corn bits probably only enhanced the sweetness further! The waitress confirmed honey was used but I initially guessed coconut!The beans with pieces of bacon was just simple and watery.  At first, it seemed to have that smoky, cowboy-ish hint to it, but fell short of a decent side.The Chimi was quite underwhelming in its overall taste.  What blanketed this deep-fried burrito were green chili (tasteless for the most part), drizzle of this sweet white cream (unsure of what), and some white cheese (unsure).  The tortilla shell was crisped enough and the chicken shred lacked the savoriness that I would have expected from a true Mexican joint.Nothing made sense to me! Where was the Mexican? I tried very hard to find the positive in my meal.  I quit half way to be honest.  I hate to mention this, but I did garbled some of what I chewed back out to my plate.  Overall, it missed the savoriness that would have saved the meal.  I desperately wanted Tabasco sauce like it was the end of the world, but unfortunately it was too late.I explained my calm, analytical dining experience to my waitress and she was very understanding and was fine with removing the item from the bill.  5-stars for that.I really am unsure of returning as first impression is a pretty big deal to me.  The happy hour menu did not look that appealing either.I guess the question is, how much can you expect out of Mexican-esque establishment that sits on a Fashion Park?  Heed, heed, heed this review.
Side Door, West on Hayde, a small location that does it right.  If you respect the Chicago area you will recognize Vienna beef right away.  I really enjoy the italian beef at this location, its hard to find a place that serves Italian Beef (see Defalcos Scottsdale Rd).  Bianca was our server and was very helpful for my first time, at the restaurant. If you live in the area check this place out for a quick bite to eat.  Where are all the other reviews?
Get the White Chocolate but leave the Strawberries and Cream flavor, too faux-berry/chemical tasting.
Jewish girls in Chinese dresses serving Japanese food. If that isn't a recipe for confusion, I don't know what is.Too bad, really. Because when they first opened up, they had a real Japanese chef who had a respectable career and was trying to make actual Japanese cuisine. He naturally didn't last long in this 1980s pseudo-asian theme park environment. Remember when the owner used to intermittently drop the screens down and fire up the THX system and play movie trailers from last year? The chefs couldn't even see their hands. Now that's setting your priorities!Happy hour and late night patio is this place's saving grace (for others, not for me). But it's so far from Japanese food/sushi as to make them guilty of false advertising. See my Stingray review for a similar take on the food experience. If you FAIL rice, you FAIL sushi.
Their food isn't bad, it's pretty hard to mess up gyros, rice, salad, and fries.  When it comes to this type of food it really comes down to preference.  For me, I didn't care for this place.  I like crispy fries, their fries are soggy.  I like Beef & Lamb gyros, theirs are Beef only.  I like a mixed green salad with light onion, they serve a shredded romaine salad with heavy onion.  Their prices are fair, portions large, and service friendly, it's just not for me.  They did have a lot of sandwiches and burgers that looked good, if that's your thing.
I have shared many an awful, hungover morning with my favorite stars from the Gay Corridor. The service can be on the scary tweaker side, but it's a good, simple breakfast that doesn't stress my dehydrated mind to find deliciousness. They've also many different healthy options, not that I've ever done more than glance at those, but it's wonderful nonetheless. It's the crown and glory of Park Central, and the only reason I still consider Park Central an actual place, as opposed to the reality of it just being a bad idea.
I was inspired to visit Casella's after a coworker told me about their authentically Italian goodness. As my tummy growled today, I was in the neighborhood so I knew just where to go. I walked into a simple yet clean deli. Immediately, I was welcomed by the entire staff (I believe they are all related or at least family through friendship). They asked me if it was my first time in and I said yes, so right away they started giving me a history of the shop and the tasty cuisine. Celebrating their 33rd anniversary (congrats!!), I learned that everything is homemade -- from the meatballs to the chicken salad. The owner said he goes through 40 lbs of chicken a week. He gave me a sample and the chicken was chunky and delicious. I'm not surprised he has to prepare so much chicken every week! The meatballs and freshly cut meat for Philly Cheese-steak sandwiches looked great too! The owner mentioned he is from Philly so better be ready for some authentic Philly and Italian style cookin'! While I was there, the owner was slicing some fresh provolone, so I added that to the warmed turkey sandwich I ordered. The turkey was tasty, the provolone was yummy and the sourdough roll tasted like it was fresh from the oven. It was $8 for a sandwich and soda but the sandwich was hefty enough that I saved half for later. As I walked out, everyone said goodbye to me and I felt like I was leaving a family dinner. In summary, here's what made Casella's stand out: - The very friendly staff- It's a local family-owned neighborhood deli celebrating their 33rd anniversary. Gotta support the local businesses! - Clean decor - Tasty, homemade food that's on display for visitors to see - A good family-style atmosphere that greets you the second you walk inside. I'm not sure how it's taken my so long to find this local treat, but now that I've found it, I plan on becoming a regular. Directions: Note that this is hidden in the Basha's strip mall (on the side of Granite Reef) but don't let that fool you!
The rap on Starbucks is that they "over-roast" or "incinerate" their beans.And I think that might be right...sometimes at Starbucks, it seems like I'm drinking something brewed from charcoal briquettes...it doesn't taste good:(Now, I will tell you that I am really no connoisseur of coffees...I like coffee, you know...a good dark roast, made with freshly roasted beans:)But the beans don't have to come from a specific plant , grown on the southern side of a special hill in Columbia and then eaten and pooped out by a badger of some sort.No, I just want a decent cup of coffee at a decent price:)Why can't Starbucks do that?I occasionally need to meet someone for business, and Starbucks comes up as meeting place (and I understand that...they are almost annoyingly ubiquitous:)I have sat at a cafe table on a street corner in San Francisco, having a cup of coffee at a Starbucks...looking at the Starbucks across the street...Lewis Black calls it "the place where space and time folds in on itself"...I say "why build the Hadron Super Collider to open a black hole?"...Starbucks did it a decade ago with a combination of charred coffee beans and vats of money to open a Starbucks for every adult in the United States:)In and of itself, that's no reason for a 2 star review...Gordon Gecko said it best..."Greed is Good!" and Starbucks exemplifies that credo...they are a generally very successful corporation grown up from the Bay area defectors from Peet's Coffee...I have no problem with success:)No, my gripe with Starbucks is that they seem to be all about the marketing and not about the product...their coffee is crap:) So is most of the stuff they serve...it's second or third rate, at best.And just because it's convenient doesn't mean we all need to stop in.There is better coffee and better tea and better everything around...at much better prices...it's worth looking for another meeting spot:)
I really expected crappy food, because, after all, that's what sports bars generally offer.  Then I was told that the food was not bad, but good!  Which only made me eye my table mates suspiciously.  I ordered the tacos al carbon which comes with cilantro lime rice.  these are three street taco sized dealies that have steak in them and come with a little shot of pico and queso.Now like I said, I expected crap.  But the tacos, with pico and queso poured on them, and grease dribbling out into a glorious puddle on the plate, were really amazingly good.  The steak bits were really tender--ordinarily in such a taco they'd be the tenderness of jerky.  Really: the tacos were totally sensational.Also, we ordered a buffalo chicken flatbread which is essentially a pizza.  And it was great!  even with the bleu cheese, which I detest, this was a culinary delight.So why the four stars, you ask?  two reasons.  One: the cilantro lime rice is offensively bad, like straight out of a box of rice-a-roni bad.  I would have preferred kibbles and bits as a side item.And one other thing: it was happy hour and for a while they were serving beer OUT OF PITCHERS THAT WERE IN THE REFRIGERATOR INSTEAD OF STRAIGHT OUT OF THE TAP!  Capital crime.  Felonious.  In fact, Dante wrote about a circle of hell where all they did was serve beer out of pitchers instead of straight from the tap.So you should know that although the beer serving would usually be a four star deduction and I'd never look back, I didn't drink beer tonight and so I really don't care if my table mates suffer.  But if you try that shit on me...Four stars.  The food is really damn good.
The Family and I went back here on Saturday night. The food is just as spectacular as it was the first time we went! The service however was just not good. Our waiter seemed dazed and confused the whole time we were there. And slllllow. He also forgot stuff, I ordered a second glass of wine mid dinner and it never came, and I was never given the option to remind him because he did not come back until it was time to clear the plates! We sat at our table, all of us with empty plates for a good 10-15 minutes with out anyone coming by to clear them. We just sat there. Not cool, and its not like he was in another section, there was a table he was at 3 separate times that was directly behind ours, he just chose to ignore ours. We will go back as we do like the food and atmosphere and hopefully the service will improve.
How have I not sang Scott's praises yet? Well, here I go! Do you want a place for a good, solid, stick to your ribs breakfast without being too frou frou? Scott's is the joint! It's a Jewish deli in the middle of my neighborhood! I was so surprised that I hadn't noticed it before! Chrissy P invited me to join her for breakfast one morning and I was just blown away! On my first visit, I had the eggs Benedict. My only complaint was that my eggs were a tad overcooked, (not runny) and I wished for more hollandaise sauce. For my second visit, I brought my little sis and her BFF and we chowed! I had the Hash Mash and we shared an order of the french toast. I don't know why I challenged myself to my own personal "how much breakfast can you stuff into your stomach" contest, but I think I won. Everything was so good! There was nothing to complain about. I wish I could go to Scott's every day for a hearty breakfast! The dishes are simple, the service is straight forward, and I have NEVER walked away hungry. I will return very, very soon!
Best Thai I have found in Phoenix, so far.  This is not just excellent Thai food for Phoenix, this is excellent Thai food for the Bay Area.  It's that good.  Thai Lahna's food will intrude into your thoughts for days after you eat here.  Like gustatory flashbacks, you will find yourself thinking about how wonderfully flavorful everything was.We had dinner here with Christine O & Myles (+1) and shared 2 appetizers and 4 entrees.  We had Chicken Satay and Angel Wings.  The Satay was the least interesting item we had, it was merely good.  Everything else was great.Our entrees were Phaht Thai which we ordered with no spice and Khung Nahm Prik Pow which was sauteed shrimp with roasted curry paste, onions, chili, bell peppers and mushrooms.  Our friends ordered a spicy pineapple fried rice and a beef dish which I can't recall the name of.  All of the dishes were richly flavorful and had plenty of sauce to carry over to the steamed rice.One enjoyable highlight was the point counter-point going from the spicy heat of the rice to the almost sweet sauciness of the Phaht Thai.  We can't wait to get back here and try more dishes.My only complaint about this place is that they need to put some sort of tinting on the windows to a height of about 3 feet.  When cars are pulling into the spots right in front of the restaurant some diners were blinded by the headlights.
Fecking Great.    Update:Went for lunch:   This time I thought the corned beef taquitos even  better than last, curry chips tad saltier.  Still loving the appetizers and the cider.  This time had the  cottage pie,  it's  really nothing to write home about, specially if you are from the region and your parent's wouldn't appreciate you seeing other cottage pies;)    Spend the extra on the sheperds  it's really much better.   This was ok , really really nothing special and the heat could have been better.   Service  is good, but pedestrian , the last time I had no time pressure, this time I did.     We're sitting at 3.5 - 3.75 now with the round up till 4. Still  I'll return Original Review: First thanks to Julie P for pointing out that this place exists. That it's within stumbling distance of the house ( think prolonged zombie stumble over an hour  versus a quick trip and recover)  is even better. Cider on tap is Strongbow and you get it in a real pint., Yay.  Sadly that's all they have and there's no bottled ones to try ,  Strongbow is  the Bud of UK ciders and while it's way better than no cider or what passes for beer here it's not that hard to stock more of a common drink for a themed bar. Onto the Food  (I'll get to it as a venue some other time)  Appetizers.  Curry and chips was exactly what it should have been  and a generation of Irish and UK kids have  grown up with this for lunch  at the local chip shop.    The  corned beef and cabbage taquitos  I think  are moving up to be our #1 appetizer that's not a hot wing. Taste of these  and the hot mustart / tomatillo salsa on the base compliment each other nicely. Not heavy on the fat and delightfully  crunchy.  For once an Irish restaurant trying to do something other than name US staples with cute regional names. Main: Salad   and the sheperd's pie. Let's not get into the salad it's a waste of time reviewing vegetables.  The pie is pretty good and none of the flavours overwhelm each other. Not sure the champ ( mashed potatos ) atop them live up to what lies below but it's more a personal texture issue than it spoiled the overall dish.  Bread and Butter pudding is really good but please if you have any trouble sleeping after reading nutrition sheets as to the fat and carb content of your meal DON'T just  eat it and run round the  block four times before getting back in the car. Oddity?    parsley flakes on all the plates to make it green , please just buy green speckled plates , it's classier:D  At the end got a coupon for 25% off the next bill which I will certainly take them up on. It's as good  for food as any of the valley's Irish bars ( better imho)  but have to get back on pub quiz night  to really know.Were in too early to hear the band but you can look at the pa, the space and  know it's going to sound  bad ( place looks like standing wave city)  with anything electric and full drum set.     The jukebox played "i'm too sexy " by Right said fred  WTF that really  messed up the ambience.Country bars don't have NIN on the box after all.
I had business downtown this morning, so I stopped in here for lunch, right around the corner.  I used to go to OSF in Newport Beach, CA way back in the '70s, & I was somewhat amazed that they are still around & that there's one in Phoenix!Stepping inside, this is the most junked-up restaurant I've ever been to!!!  Ok, except maybe Bahooka Ribs & Grog!*  It's a big place, with soft lighting inside, & rooms all over the place stuffed with tons of furniture, barrels, & so on, cluttering up every one of them!  It's all on purpose, of course, & my booth in the midst of all this craziness was actually completely ok.  (The floor elevation is up & down all over the place, too!) Ok, so for my first time (in about 35 years!) I just ordered the "Pasta Classics - Rich Meat Sauce", which is their way of saying, "Spaghetti."Some good things:*  I started with a cup of coffee, & it was excellent!*  Pretty soon came a mixed lettuce salad, which was simple, but the Ranch Dressing was really tasty!*  The next thing to hit the table was a little loaf about three by eight inches of hot Sourdough bread, with a cup of whipped garlic butter, all on a breadboard with a suitable knife for cutting it.  It was great!!A couple of less wonderful things:*  Some girl (from the kitchen?) brought my spaghetti before I was finished with my salad.*  I thought the spaghetti sauce was ok, but not great.Bottom line:  They give you plenty to eat here.  My meal included the beverage, salad (or soup), the hot bread, entree, & dessert.  It was nice & filling, & a good value at $9.99 for everything.    :-)*  Rosemead, CA (& formerly also West Covina).
I went to Saba's feeling a little scared.  Fast food Greek in a strip mall?  This could go one of two ways...surprisingly good or health code violation bad.  I am very glad to say it didn't end being the latter.  In fact, the food here was pretty damn good.  I did expect Saba's to be an order at the counter joint, so I was a little disappointed to see it was actually a tiny restaurant.  I like my Greek fast and cheap, okay?  But I got over it, got a table and began the interminable wait for our server to stop chatting with other diners and take our order.The menu has all the normal Greek items, including falafel- little fried balls of joy I might add- gyros, vegetarian platters, spanakopita and dolmas.  Prices for the sandwiches and gyros are pretty cheap, but when you venture into the platter territory, you're going to pay for it. Platters start around $10 and go up.  I ordered the falafel, of course, and so did my boyfriend.  The pita sandwiches don't come with any sides, so we ordered a basket of fries to go along with our meal.The dcor was pretty cool with big pictures of Greece all over the walls and the classic Greek music piped in.  Unfortunately, not even the Greek music could mask the hideous, loud tool of a diner that was sitting at the table in front of me. He was one of those idiots that has to talk so loud, even the half-deaf cook in the kitchen can hear him.  He was so loud I felt like I should respond to his questions.  Hey moron- saying things like "I like it loose, like my women," is just not funny.Anyways, when we finally got our food, it was really good.  The falafel pita and the fries were tasty, but our server sucked.  He obviously knew the loud tool, and kept chatting with him while we waited for our check.  That was a little annoying, but overall, Saba's is a good choice for a quick Greek meal.
There's not much more I can say about Rula that hasn't already been said. Except, I guess, I can tell you why I like this place. I like it for two glorious words: HAPPY + HOUR. Yes, those two words matters so much to me. Rula offers 1/2 off all appetizers and discounts on pints. What could be better? I say try the brie, for it comes with an unbelievable apple chutney. If you're looking to split an entree with a friend, opt for the lamb stew - served with a side of soda bread. The stew is hearty and the serving is huge. I've also had the shepherd's pie, which was pretty tasty. Way too large for one person, though. Also, I discovered that Rula can make ya a Raspberry or Chocolate Guinness. I don't know how either tastes, for I went with a plain (but satisfying) pint. I asked to sample the concoctions, but was told Rula doesn't let people sample liquors. Fair enough. If I could change one thing about this place (ok, maybe more than one thing), I'd have a larger beer selection - even sold by the bottle. I'd also make it less noisy and crowded at night. If you don't get there early enough to stake your spot, you're likely to be standing the entire time. That doesn't make for a very comfortable experience. Word to wise: take advantage of Rula's casual atmosphere and leave your ridiculously high heels at home.It's great that Rula offers live music. I wish they offered more. Sure, the outside patio is great, but what if I'm in the mood to play darts? I guess I'll have to go to another bar for that... and for the beer I'm really craving.WORD TO NON-MEAT EATERS:Try their veggie burger thingy - with mushrooms, peppers and such all heaped between two soft and delicious pieces of bun. Yum. It comes served with fresh, crispy and DIVINE 'tator wedges. These ain't your normal french fries, people. I STILL have cravings for them!Rula Bula's food deserves 5 stars!
I don't know why I waited so long to try this place when it is literally right around the corner from my house.  I think its because I went to the one in Ahwatukee a long time ago and didn't care for the food.  But I don't think they have the same owners since the websites are totally different.  But anyway, on to the review.We ordered takeout and I was very impressed with how nicely it was all packaged and how quickly it was ready.  Also, the woman on the phone was very friendly, easy to understand in spite of an accent, and patient in explaining the menu items that I was unfamiliar with. All the appetizers sounded so good, we decided to get a bunch so the hubby and I could just pick at them since he was sick and didn't have much of an appetite.  However, the portions were bigger than expected so we ended up with quite a lot of food.  Lettuce wraps were very tasty, I loved the dressing on them.  Eggrolls were good but a little too much "wrapper" and not enough filling IMO.  Sweet potato chips were not what I was expecting, they were the white sweet potatoes that really don't have much taste to them and they were deep fried with I believe a panko breading on them.  A little bland but the sweet/hot dipping sauce they came with was fantastic.  I loved it so much I would order this again just for the sauce.  Also got some chicken soup for the sick hubby which I didn't try but he said was quite good. I threw in some pad thai noodles since that basic dish is always my test when evaluating a new Thai restaurant.  I asked for a four (out of five) on the spiciness scale and that was perfect for me.  I was very pleased at the heat level and overall flavor of the dish.  So many places hold back on the chiles if you are American, even if I insist I want it hot, and I have never understood why. The only thing missing was a squeeze of lime and garnish of fresh cilantro that I like on my pad thai.  Presumably you could get that upon request if you were dining in, it was no big deal to me since I had some at home.I still prefer Yupha's as the best Thai in the area.  But I will definitely be back here for takeout because of the friendly, speedy service and convenient location.  I noticed some wine bottles in the back when I was picking up my food so that may entice me to dine-in at some point as well.
While my partner and I don't normally like chain restaurants Ling & Louie's is an exception. They're a small chain of only two restaurants they are franchising. We both started with Miso soup which was okay. Then we moved on to Potstickers, on of our favorites. they were very good, but not outstanding. For our entree's I ordered Firecracker Chicken with Broccoli and my partner ordered Meatball Sliders. The Chicken was VERY spicy, but also very good. I didn't have room to try the Meatball Sliders but here they were also very good. All-in-all it was a pretty good meal and the service was perfect.
T. Cook's continues to be my go-to spot... with or without my fiance.  It's like my home away from home.  I feel comfortable going in for a drink or a bite to eat any night of the week.  Let me be clear about one thing, however - I always sit at the bar!In addition to the regular menu items, the burger at T. Cooks is consistently amazing. This sizable delight is carnivore candy for the soul. Ten ounces of tenderloin burger with white cheddar cheese, bacon and Guiness tempura onion rings on a ciabatta bun with a grain mustard aioli. My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now.Anyone up for a burger?
This place does not need another review, but I'll chime in anyway.I have been dreaming of coming her for several months after countless hours of drooling over their website.I went for a late lunch with the Gorgeous Gabi.  We had the restaurant all to ourselves, it was quiet and comfortable.I ended up just ordering a salad, it was so hot out (surprise) and I just wanted something light. I got a Diet Coke and the Caesar Romero Salad (see pics) it consisted of; mixed greens with cilantro dressing, grilled lemon/herb chicken, fontina, cherry tomatoes and toasted pepitas. It was really good, I like the mixed greens in place of the usual romaine and although I didn't taste much cilantro it had great flavor.Our waitress was not very attentive at all, when she did come around to grab my empty glass of soda she did not ask me if I'd like another, instead she brought me a glass of water.........with a bug in it! I'm giving 3 stars for now, but I will go back because there are still quite a few things on the menu I'd like to try.
This has to be the worst restaurant in terms of hygiene. Two of my friends had food -poisoning after having dinner here. The food is just unhealthy with tons of oil floating on the top of curries, and I am not sure if any health/hygiene code is followed here. The service is poor and the information on its website is incorrect, the owner does not allow dine-in after 9 or 10 even though it says that the restaurant is open till 11. One night I saw the owner cleaning the place without gloves and she was nice enough to give us a to-go parcel without cleaning her hands (great example to the servers!). I had a peek inside the kitchen when the door was ajar, and it definitely looked dirty.I have been a lot of hole-in-the-wall places around this restaurant, including Haji Baba, the Vietnamese place and others, but neither any of my friends nor I have fallen sick coz of the food. If you need a spicy-food fix, i strongly recommend you do not try this place, lest you want a visit to the doctor the very next day.
Been closed for a long time.
Once we went to Grimaldi's in Hoboken, NJ and weren't all that impressed.  Yet the first time we ate at this Grimaldi's, we were blown away!  Upon entering, you are enveloped by the aroma of pizza baking in a coal-fired oven.  This is swoon-inducing---and I mean that in a good way.  The smell almost has you believing that you are in a pizza joint with a coal-fired oven in the Northeast.When ordering pizza baked in a coal-fired oven, I like to get a plain cheese pizza.  IMO, this is the best way to fully taste the sauce, cheese and crust without anything else get in the way.  There's nothing like a thin crust pizza from a coal-fired oven with that char on the crust.  The crust has just the right balance of crispy and soft.  The sauce is well flavored with proper proportions of basil and oregano.  The amount of cheese is just right.  I love to savor each and every bite.There is more to this Grimaldi's than the one under the Brooklyn Bridge.  This one has other items in addition to the pizza.  We like their antipasto.  It has sliced mozzarella which is fresh and creamy, black and green olives (the black ones are pitted, the green ones have pits in them),  roasted red pepper slices which are bursting with flavor, and a good, flavorful salami.Everytime we're in AZ, it is so worth it to us to deal with the heavy traffic in Old Town Scottsdale to dine at Grimaldi's!
Ok, this is coming from sombody that is not a fan of the Cheesecake factory.My cousin, her friend, and I walk into the the restaurant and decided to eat in the bar area.  We had a very sweet waitperson, Summer.  She rocked with suggestions and her personality was great.  I had one of their smoothies, just like the one at Cheesecake Factory.  It was good, but I have had better at Jumba Juice.  I ended up having their angel hair pasta, my cousin had a chicken salad, and friend #3 decided that he would just mooch off our plates.  The reason why I hate these types of places is that they give you WAY TOO MUCH FOOD!  Why do they do that?  Especially with people, like me, that learned that they better clean off their whole plate? I just gained 10 pounds.Food was nothing spectacular.  My cousin then ordered the Splenda Cheesecake, that she said tastes horrible. (She had the one at Cheesecake Factory, which she thinks is awesome)5 stars to the lovely Summer (or was it Winter...I can't remember now...crap!)  My cousin actually left her money on the booth.  She called the restaurant and Summer actually said she found it and was holding it for her just in case she came back for it.  Extra plus for honesty that I didn't even think existed in the world anymore.  2 stars for the mediocre food.  And 3 stars to the host stand...a story that I don't have enough energy to even type here.
Great neighborhood sports bar.  They've got something like 35 HD TV's  all arranged so you can get a good view no matter where you sit.  The staff is friendly, drinks are inexpensive (like $10.00 for 1 beer and 2 vodka/soda), and their food is tasty.  They have a large comfy outdoor seating area if you want to catch some fresh air.My only complaint about this place is on the weekends they usually have a cover band... not that the band is terrible or anything (i think they switch it up so it's  not always the same band anyway), but they're loud and if you're there to watch a game, forget about hearing anything relating to the game, including the people you are with.  I can see how this could go either way with people since it does add kinda a rockin' environment, which is nice, depending on your mood.Oh and they have those satellite speaker things so you have this box at your table and you can tune the sound to whichever game you're interested in listening to, not that it matters when the band is playing, but every other time it's cool.
my husband and I started going to Keegan's on Sunday's for their brunch, which is pretty decent. If you get there after 10am, the bar is open, which is a plus in my book. We've eaten lunch and dinner there a few times as well. They have a really good french onion soup, another soup I think was chicken pepper jack and the cobb sandwich is good. Their chicken fried steak is pretty good as well. They give you two decent sized steaks covered in mashed potatoes and gravy.The bar is good as they have a great selection of beers. I also love their ice tea, it always hits the spot.
I'm going to have to work through this review before I decide on 3 or 4 stars. I've been thinking about this since my visit and I cannot seem to come to a conclusion. Another one of those times I wish we had half star options.The Parlor is definitely The Vig's little baby sister. It Aesthetically looks extremely similar, it has both the same Scottsdale-esque vibe and crowd, both are in weird, out-of-the way locations, and both are really loud. Even for a new restaurant with lots of buzz on a Saturday night, I thought this place was crowded. There was over a 45-minute wait for two of us, so we ended up grabbing a beer at the bar. I'm glad we did because our bar tender was smokin hot. Nothing better for the self esteem of two broken-hearted girls than a cute, flirty bartender. After a while we just decided to eat at the bar and skip the whole table idea. Good choice, even though the bar area was REALLY loud. On to the food... we started out with the cheezy cauliflower appetizer. OH MY GOOD LORD. It was amazing. It was topped with bread crumbs and baked... it was just absolutely amazing. It was good later as a midnight snack and good as breakfast the next morning. For dinner we shared a Pesto and a Margharita pizza. I loved both of them, but the Margharita had more flavor and I preferred it over the Pesto. Both had great quality ingredients and were extremely tasty.I'm pretty stoked that the prices are so reasonable. Two hours, five beers, an appetizer and two pizza's later, we ended up with a bill for $50 plus tip. My solo bar tabs are normally higher than that!My major complaint, though, was the whole entire time I was there I had a stuffed nose. I don't know if it was an allergy to something they were cooking, the wood, flowers, etc but I could barely breathe. The second we stepped outside it was like I had a new nose.Man.. I still don't know... three ... four... three ... four... okay .. my decision is made: if the 6' tall snobettes coming into the bathroom as we were walking out didn't smash rudely into my dining partner and act like she was Antichrist for trying to inhabit the same place at the same time, I would definitely go with a 4 but it's a 3 for now until things settle down a bit.
Ok so who goes from California to Scottsdale and ends up at a Sprinkles? That would be ME. In search for a cute independently owned cupcakery to test how AZ cupcakes stack up to SF Bay cuppies... we headed to downtown Scottsale. WELL, not really for the cupcakes, but just to check it out. However, seeing there were a handful of cupcakeries nearby, we had to try one.BUT the reviews of 2 and 3 stars for some of these places seriously put me off. I hate dry cupcakes and I was not eager to spend precious calories on something that would not satisfy. Sprinkles had the better reviews and whala it was open after all the other places closed. (Note to self, who closes a bakery at 6pm? Cupcake freaks come out at NIGHT!)We have a Sprinkles about a 15 min drive from us@home, but have I ever gone??? NO. So yes here we are at Sprinkles in AZ. The gals are friendly, they answer my questions tirelessly. I end up with 2, lemon and chocolate marshmallow.They stay overnight in our hotel room since our dinner left absolutely no room for cupcakes. I was worried they'd be dry and stale the next morning when I busted them out at 7am before my workout. Gotta get some carbs in so I can burn them off right?Bottom line... Sprinkles may not be a cute little indy shop any longer but their stuff is solid. No mixes, the dark chocolate cupcakes are the perfect combo of dark, bitter, and sweet. The lemon was dense, I think mine is better, but the chocolate marshmallow OMG. It was like a grownup version of a Hostess cupcake, MY FAVORITE. Despite their overnight rest, they were not dry, the result of a fair amount of oil if the residue on my fingers was any indication.Please send me three dozen of the Chocolate Marshmallow please. I will love you forever. Thanks.
While we were finishing up at Forefathers, I checked my mobile Yelp app to see what else was in the area.  Zoyo popped up and the reviews were good so I asked my daughter if she wanted dessert.  Silly me, of course she said yes! It was a short drive to Zoyo.  I passed it the first time cause my GPS said it was on my right but nooooo it was on the left.  We made a quick u-turn and there we were.  It was clean and well lit and nicely laid out.  If I remember correctly there were either 10 or 12 different flavors.  I had Red Velvet and Banana.  YUM!  The Red Velvet was delish!  My daughter had RV and Cake Batter.  They had all the standard toppings and the topping area as well as the yougurt area was very clean.  The young people (oh god I sound old!) that were tending to the counter were pretty efficient and friendly.  There was pleanty of seating too.  Some nice larger, round tables and then what looked like a hallway had some smaller tables for two.  There were also tables outside.  It was a Saturday night and there seemed to be a steady stream of people coming in while we were there.  Some stayed, some got theirs to go.  They also had two flat screen tvs on the wall .  One was playing The Bee Movie and the other had Soccer.  Overall our experience here was a good one and we will be back.  I may even bump it up to 5 stars after I try more flavors.  Although if they always have Red Velvet......but then again it's good to try new things.  Thank you Zoyo!
I really love Pita Jungle.  My first experience was at the one downtown, and now, I have to get my fix.  I found this location since it is close to my home, and wanted to check it out.Upon entering, I was pleased with the location.  Well decorated, clean, good lighting, ample seating.  I was greated by the hostess, and sat at the bar.  The place was pretty busy, and I was by myself.  I was greeted in a quick manner by a nice server from behind the bar.  I took a moment to review my menu, and decided to skip a full meal and go for some lentil soup.Now, here is where things get dicey.  I won't hold it against Pita Jungle, but I have to put this in the review.  First, after being seated, I noticed that it was a little toasty in there.  I think they could have turned up the A/C.  I am sure if I had been drinking, I probably would have broken a slight sweat, as it was warm in here.  Secondly, after I ordered my lentil soup, it took what seemed like forever to get it.  I did not time it with a stop watch, but it took a long time for just a bowl of soup.  Secondly, when I did get the lentil soup, I didn't care for it.  It looked kinda gross and didn't taste all that great.  And, in case you were wondering, NO, I didn't send it back or complain.  I was to tired and didn't feel like being a sourpuss.The other problem that I experienced, was the server girl brought out my check WAY before I was ever served my food.  I hate that!  At least bring my bill with my food, not before!Aside from that, I dig this place.
Sadly, I have to join the crowd on this one. I was hoping that Kitchen 56 would make my memories of Vatra go away, but instead just reminded me all over again. Food was WAY overpriced and just OK. Kudos to Eddie the Server who brought with him the only charm available the second time we tried K56; I'd give him 4 stars if the review were based solely on his service & personality. I will say the interior is much better than the previous incarnation, but the spots (lights) at the counter-height 4 top shone in my eyes and made me feel like it was last call...and I don't drink.
Simple but really great cajun food prepared in steamers right in front of you.  Selections include gumbo, pan roasts (a tomato-based broth with chunks of seafood), or seafood creole all with your choice of shrimp, crab, chicken, crawfish, oysters, or all five, with rice. They also have fresh oysters, jumbo shrimp cocktails, salads, and tasty seafood chowder, as well as the occasional lobster special. I've been probably 20 times and still never had a bad dish. The staff is friendly and helpful, and will adjust the spiciness of the dishes to your taste. By far the best option at the Talking Stick resort.As another reviewer noted, this restaurant is really just a bar with a couple of tables, stuck right off the casino floor. This is definitely not a fine dining spot, with the clanging of slot machines and dead-eyed gamblers shuffling around fifteen feet away. Still, it's definitely worth a visit to Talking Stick. At $10-12 for lunch portions and $17-19 for huge dinner servings, and $25 for a massive platter of oysters, shrimp, crab, mussels, and clams, it's a fantastic value for the quality and tastiness of the food.  Good, reasonably priced seafood can be hard to come by in the valley, but this spot is a gem.
Can I tell you how much I despised Fate with all its pretentious, snooty bullshit? I should have known the second I realized that Bliss/reBar was in the same building that it was probably tainted from all the leftover evil.And so it is. We showed up and the restaurant was practically empty. There is no hostess or even a hint of one. We stood there for many minutes on end before even being acknowledged by one of the many servers who were rushing around (perhaps serving to invisible people? The place was dead.). We were told there was a 15 minute wait, or we could eat on the patio. Um, it's 40 degrees...  AND THE PLACE WAS DEAD. I guess we'll wait. We go back outside because there is zero point zero extra room to stand. The server comes back out and says they have two large parties coming in an hour, but we can sit inside now if we can be done in 45 minutes. That's sure inviting, isn't it.So we hustle on inside and make some hasty selections. $9 faux comfort food shit like gourmet mac and cheese just offends me, so I go with the veggie sandwich. That sounds innocuous enough, right? The food came out straightaway - too fast for a burger to be cooked medium well, like my companion ordered. Sure as shit, she cut into it, and it was bleeding and mooing all over the place. My "veggie" sandwich arrives and it looks like a Filet-o-Fish from hell, some huge block of something unidentifiable due to extreme deep-frying. I couldn't help it - I asked the server what the hell it was. Eggplant.Ohhhhkay then. It was like trying to eat a deep fried brick between two pillows. Impossible. The pretzel bread, while yummy, is totally unyielding. Only Jenna Jameson can fit that thing into her mouth. My companion was suffering a similar fate with her bleeding burger. There was mayonnaise and shredded cabbage and boiling hot eggplant juice going everywhere and it was goddamn ridiculous. Neither of us got through even a half of our sandwiches. I wolfed down the side salad just to get something remotely healthy in there after the onslaught of grease, although I almost choked on the buckets of sugar syrup they call salad dressing.So, while we are attempting to recover from this mess, the server goes MIA. You'd think if they were trying to hustle us out of there, we'd get a damn check. Nope. No. Nada. Had to chase someone down and ask for it. When it finally came, there wasn't even an itemized receipt, so even though the total seemed a little low I couldn't check it out. I was so over the whole experience at the point I didn't even care. I left a shitty tip and we escaped to the bar next door, where the cute bartenders gave us some free drinks and we sucked down innumerable $3 vodka specials for the next four hours. Just UGH in every way.
After stopping by Gallo Blanco for breakfast our second and last time, I have to wonder when the last time was that Doug Robson set foot in his establishment?  We have been going to Gallo Blanco since it opened on a regular basis and finally decided to try breakfast a couple of weeks ago.  We showed up about an hour after they opened, requested coffee and OJ, and were told that they had no OJ because "no one worked last night, so no one made it."  Uh, okay, what have you slackers been doing for the hour that you've been open this morning?  Fast forward to yesterday, when we decided to give it another go.  We showed up about 45 minutes after they opened, desperately wanting a Bloody Mary.  Guess what?  The bartender hadn't showed up yet...we were walking out to go elsewhere (we REALLY wanted a Bloody Mary--don't judge) when she did arrive and we popped over and ask if she could make them--then we would have sat back down and had breakfast.  Nope, she said, she needed 15 minutes to get set up.  It wasn't the 15 minute wait that made us leave--we had to drive somewhere else, after all--but her response sent us to the door.  F you, Gallo Blanco, for hiring a parade of unsupervised, couldn't-care-less-hipsters that are slowly ruining the excellent reputation Robson worked so hard to earn.
Pizzeria Bianco: Before and After Cited as "the best pizza in America" in numerous on-line reviews as well as on Good Morning America and as published in, Slice of Heaven, to most pizza lovers the three to four hour wait for a table is so daunting that they push on to a more open table atmosphere for their pizza experience. But to the true pizza enthusiast, Pizzeria Bianco is as much about the experience as it is the food. This place is best known for the owner Chris Bianco, hand tossing each and every pizza pie served every Tuesday through Saturday, from 5-10 pm for nearly 15 years, of which I was one of those fortunate customers. However, early 2010 Chris was forced to retire due to illness and turn over the pizza paddle and oven duties to his protégé of 15 years, Horatio Hernandez. My decision to try Pizzeria Bianco for the first time came from a challenge I put upon myself: Find the best food in metropolitan Phoenix. After hearing about Pizzeria Bianco from a friend, I made gourmet pizza my first battle in 2009. I knew about the long lines forming an hour or more before the restaurant opened, and this beautiful fall day was no exception. I arrived 60 minutes before opening and my date went to Bar Bianco to start us off with a couple of pale ale microbrews while I held our place in line. Seeing that there were only about 20 people ahead of us, we assumed we would make the 5:00 seating with no trouble. However, just as we were holding a place for the rest of our party, so were the 20 or so people ahead of us, and when the door opened promptly at 5:00, there were now over 50 people ahead of us. Needless to say we were left waiting another hour since the restaurant seats only about 40 at a time. When we were seated at 6:00, the four of us started with the homemade mozzarella, local tomato and sweet basil starter with extra virgin olive oil drizzled all over as well as homemade crusty bread with a dish of EVOO with a touch of balsamic added. We ordered three pizzas, the Sonny Boy providing salami, marinara sauce and gaeta olives, the Wiseguy a sausage and mozzarella taste explosion and the Marinara with Prosciutto di Parma. All three pizzas were piping hot when they arrived, just crisp enough around the edges and loaded with the most amazing flavors your mouth has ever experienced. We left the restaurant without remembering the nearly 3 hour wait and were fully satisfied, eager for the next opportunity to drive to 623 Adams in Phoenix for another "slice of heaven". And so, after hearing of the departure of Chris from the kitchen, curiosity got the best of me. I had to challenge this place and find out if the changing of the guard made any difference in the wait time, the food quality or the overall experience I had truly fallen for. April 6, 2010 again I ventured down to 623 Adams in Phoenix to see if a Tuesday night or a new head chef had made any difference at all. My date and I arrived at approximately 4:00 pm, one hour before the doors would open. We found a line of about 25 people and looked at each other and said, almost in unison, "Well, the wait hasn't changed". Bob trotted off to Bar Bianco to find our pale ale, Four Peaks to help pass the time. We caught a glimpse of owner Chris Bianco and I told Bob how I would love to chat with him seeing as I was writing a comparison review, I also wanted to find out who was cooking tonight. Bob stalked Chris into Bar Bianco and asked him if he had any time, would he be willing to take a picture with me and answer a couple of questions. When Bob returned with another beer and Chris Bianco in tow, I was star struck and could barely speak. All I could muster up was, "Are you cooking tonight?" To which he replied, "No, I have Horatio at the oven. I can't cook anymore." I explained my evaluative writing topic and he assured me the experience would be the same. We took a picture and off he went, back to the bar. At 6:15pm, after 2.25 hours of complete social enjoyment we were called to our seats at the bar. We ordered the same items we had enjoyed last fall with the exception of the Marinara. The overall experience was better for me as I got to enjoy personal time with Chris. As for the meal, it was just as amazing as I remembered it from 6 months prior with Chris tossing the pie for every customer. The flavors were exactly as I remembered and the service from the staff was top notch, just like the first time. From the wait to the taste, it didn't appear that anything had changed! So what makes for the "best pizza in America" and how did Pizzeria Bianco get the tag line? Well, my opinion is flavorful ingredients, a phenomenal social experience, and an owner who lives by what he serves. To Chris Bianco and the Pizzeria Bianco staff, you haven't skipped a beat!
I attended a UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) here and I have to say that Haus Murphy's pretty much wowed all 20 or so of us!It has taken me over a week to get to the review.  I was still reflecting on the German meatloaf, red cabbage and Weihenstephaner Hefeweizen.How do you say, "Damn that was good!" in German?  I have new found respect for German cuisine thanks to Chef Hoffman (not sure about the spelling there).The fubar of Yelpers (I am pretty sure that is the correct term for a large gathering of Yelpers) dined on the patio which is a great space.  Service was very good throughout the meal.There was quite a bit of sharing going on and although I don't remember everything I tried, it was all really good.It was great to see so many friends and meet some new Yelpers like Norm!
La Bocca was on my radar since it opened earlier this year... I cannot believe how long it took me to finally get there, but it was worth the wait.  I went with a group of four on a Monday night.  (1/2 Price Bottles of Wine from 5pm - close on Mondays; needless to say, we took advantage of that special!)We let my friend Anthony do the ordering since he'd been many times before and he also has a vested interest of sorts... We started with two salads: the prosciutto, zucchini, and artichoke (my favorite) and the goat cheese and pear... also quite tasty.  You can't go wrong with either one.  We then had the truffled harvest mushroom and the spiced pepperoni pizzas.  Yum!  The thin crust and the combination of fresh ingredients on both of them were perfect!  Along the way, owner Julian Wright sat down with us to share some wine and conversation - he's fantastic!  While he was completely engaged in talking to our group, I could tell he was also constantly surveying the restaurant to make sure all was running smoothly.  Every patron that walked in the door received immediate attention including our group.  Our waitress was sweet and I liked that she gave some attitude back to Jared when he was joking around with her.We had a blast on top of a great meal and ended up staying for hours enjoying  two bottles of wine (maybe more than that as I lost track) during that time.  One of them was a La Crema Pinot Noir, but I think we had a merlot as well and maybe another Italian Red.  I guess I'll have to go back and take notes next time.  Another reason to return will be to try the brusschetta - it sounds amazing.  I have a feeling it won't take me as long to return to La Bocca as it took for me to get there in the first place.  You can't go wrong at La Bocca if you're looking for pizza, salad, wine, and all in a warm, welcoming atmosphere.  Check out their other daily pecials too - I know I will!
Shame on me for not writing a review sooner.  Dined here with three other friends during our Spring Training trip at the end of March. We had to make reservations about 2 months prior as well.  We arrived for our 6:30pm reservations and the place was packed! The bar was flowing, both dining areas were filled with people and the entry area was bustling. As we waited for our table, Muhammed Ali walked in with his wife and family members. That was a huge highlight. This place is rich with sports memorbillia and players often eat here after a game. Only odd thing was our waitress told us after that the Brewers Manager was also dining in the next room and that we could walk over there if wanted to. I am a super fan of baseball, but even I know the limits of someone's personal space. We each ordered a few appetizers, bottle of wine and some salads before our entrees. I ordered the 10 oz ribeye and it was delicous. We ordered a side of mac and cheese and it had lots of flavor.  This place is fun because of the sporting atmosphere, fans, players, coaches, etc. and it's walkable from Downtown Scottsdale. I'd definitely go back here again next year. For all the ladies, this place is a must visit for some great eye candy.
Ok, technically this is not Mexican food, it's spanish and puerto rican food, but has a lot of the same kinds of spices and is WAY, WAY, WAY good.first off, they have plaintains, which look like bananas, but taste like potatoes. if you've never had them, try them here, yum! this is definitely the place to go with a big group of peole and share a few different dishes. good luck, because the menu is HUGE. the dessert menu alone has two dozen items!seafood like ceviche and paella (supposed to be to die for), tapas, tamales, soup, salads, egg dishes (not breakfast),...the list goes on and on and that's just lunch!plates top off around $12 for the most expensive for lunch, but you can easily make a meal out of two apps.the mojito is their specialty, and they have i think a dozen rums to choose from, along with sangria. on the last monday of the month, every bottle of spanish wine is half off- you cork it if you don't finish it. i can't give this rest. a more glowing recommendation!
I don't get what people like about this place. It's generally crowded with rushed service and the food has yet to impress. I've tried at least twice -- maybe I'm ordering wrong but I really just don't get it...
The first thing that sticks out in my mind was the service.  Our waitress was all smiles and incredibly adorable!Edamame was perfectly steamedSushi was tastySalmon Teriyaki was delicioussake and kirin washed it all downprices are reasonable and the atmosphere is calming.
3.5 starsFast friendly service and the food was good. I ordered Hung Pao rice bowl, while it was not huge and loaded with things it was plenty for a lunch size. The food tasted good. We ordered it Sunday evening for dinner. Orange chicken, General Tso chicken and chicken fried rice. ALL with white meat. While I really like the fact you can get all white meat, it was a little dry. Perhaps the way it was sliced and not in small cubes? All the food was good but not the best I have had. I would order again.
Imagine this, a swanky new Scottsdale restaurant that has down to earth prices, fantastic food and attentive top-notch service? Sometimes it's hard to believe that this kind of place even exists, but its no mirage, the Spotted Donkey Cantina is everything that I had hoped and more. Starting with the service, there are details that just go to show how the owners and management are in tune with training of the staff. Everyone we encountered was pleasant, seemingly happy and genuine. I have to tell you though, when it comes to eating at SDC, you'll be in good hands, Chef Patrick Bolls hands to be exact. His background includes years working with local chef-lebrity Robert McGrath, which has paid off in chiles. The southwestern influenced menu is well balanced with just a little bit of something for everyone. I mean who doesn't love the addictive crunch of La Canasta Corn Chips ($6)? Along side are 3 different salsas including a smoky charred tomato, a deeply flavored red chile orange and finally a tomatillo green chile salsa. All were surprisingly mild though these seemed more about flavor rather than scorching your face, that'll come later.The "Shooters" ($8) seemed harmless enough. A chubby jalapeno pepper stuffed with cheddar cheese and bacon then encrusted with a coating of tortillas and deep fried. At fist bite your mouth is filled with a creamy spurt of hot cheese followed by the pork-tastic flavor of bacon. Then it hits you, the burn from the jalapeno is scorching but a quick dip into cilantro buttermilk sauce helped cool the flame. If you're still trying to cool the flavor induced fire one of SDC many salad choices will do the trick. The Spotted Donkey "Chop" Salad ($12) is prepared table side with you controlling the amounts of roasted corn, cucumber, queso fresco, cilantro, warm smoked bacon, and avocado. Then tossed in a luscious jalapeno buttermilk dressing and served with crispy flour tortilla chips on the side, it cools and satisfies. Composed into tidy rows of tortilla crusted chicken breast, avocado, bacon, chopped egg and manchego cheese and dressed in chipotle vinaigrette, the dinner sized Southwest Chicken Cobb Salad ($12.50) was almost big enough to share. The center of my universe, at least for a minute, was the char grilled Big Ol' Jack Ass Angus Burger ($11.50). This is a seriously tasty burger, topped with cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, avocado, jalapenos and horseradish mustard, fries on the side. Continuing with the meat parade, a sizzling iron skillet filled with Fajitas ($16) was placed in front of me. While you have your choice of chicken or shrimp, the idea of beef tenderloin mixed with sausage, sweet onions and tomatoes seemed like the hearty choice. Along side are the usual accompaniments like guacamole, salsa, crema and warm flour tortillas, what was unusual were how quickly I scarfed these down, delicious. While the space feels decidedly modern and upscale there wasn't one moment where I felt uncomfortable or out of place, even with burger juices running down my face.
I'm so glad this corner has been revived again--though I never got to try Willo House. The biggest plus for me is that this place is only like a 7-minute walk from my work. I met a friend here for lunch a couple weeks back. I had their walnut chicken salad. The portion was pretty good for the $8. But the chicken had a tuna-texture I wasn't expecting. But the greens tasted fresh and there was just enough dressing for my preference. I haven't tried anything else beyond a chai latte which was pretty standard. Some of their pastries look good but I wonder if the muffins are from Costco. I give this place one star for atmosphere. Each seating area is decorated a little differently. Love the stain glass and the blown-up photos of spots around Phoenix as table decorations. This place really does feel local and one of a kind.
Monday night attract a bros and hos crowd that thinks they are better than everyone else with a few cool people mixed in. The bar is small and there is nowhere to sit so prepare to stand all night. I will only come here on a Monday because there is nowhere else to go.
FEZ... The two times that I went it was in the afternoon on the weekend. Both times, I was able to enjoy a great lunch with my sister and cousin and then again with my sister. The two dishes I liked were the FEZ burger and the Casa Blanca Chicken.  The berry shortcake was good, however the water from the strawberries sort of killed the whipped cream and the shortcake (biscuit) was very good.Overall the environment during those times were peaceful and quiet. The staff offered advice on the menus. The price a little high for my wallet but I would definitely come back to splurge with great company in tow.
Japanese chefs, top notch sashimi, affordable neighborhood sushi place! 5/5I'd lived in Japan before and this place can beat those in Tokyo! If you go to Hiro, you have to order their sashimi. We always order scallops sashimi, yellow tail, salmon, toro sashimi and uni (sea urchin)! Their rolls are amazing too. All sashimi comes in a big-fat-lap portion! Very fresh! The service is great too.
Since The Mission is getting ready to celebrate their one year anniversary, I figure it's time for an update.  I went in for my first visit last November, shortly after they opened, and I've been in countless times since.  The atmosphere is amazing, the staff welcoming, the food unique and tasty... oh, and the drinks go down easy too!The Mission has become Jared's second home - he's there much more than I am!  I go for an occasional drink or dinner.  My favorite menu item is the tableside prepared guacamole.  It's fantastic!  I am also a huge fan of the white bean puree, the street corn, and the salmon.  I wish they had some lighter options on the menu though - just a suggestion on behalf of those of us that are health-conscious!If you enjoy Latin-inspired fare, for sure go check out The Mission... Or at the very least, go in for a drink and some guacamole.  Look for Jared at the bar when you're there!I"ll for sure be excited to celebrate The Mission's one year anniversary in late October.  I'm sure it will be one helluva party!  It always is at The Mission!
Mostly rave reviews on Yelp led me to Le Chalet, a unique little indie restaurant amid the strip malls and Super Targets of the West Valley.Despite the fifty-some-odd write-ups, I wasn't sure what to expect. I read something about an ice cave, live comedy, hanging man meat, and surveillance cameras, but despite these oddities what drew me in was the promise of expertly crafted crepes and the opportunity to see the chefs do their stuff on a closed circuit TV.Le Chalet did not disappoint. Sit in the front dining area to view the chefs at work in the open kitchen, or take a seat in the dining area by the bar where two flat screens showcase the action at the crepe griddles. The Bretonne crepe with ham, mushrooms, Swiss cheese, and a sunny-side up egg was superb, and I can't wait to go back and try the La Landaise, blinis topped with seared fois gras, apple, and balsamic glaze.I also tried La Potence (the "hanging man"), filet medallions served on a medieval looking mace, seared tableside with bourbon and served with a pineapple slice, rice, and some mayo-based dipping sauces. Thoroughly enjoyable, but next time I would opt instead for a cheese fondue or the melted Raclette plate with cured meats, which looked delicious.The ambiance seemed a bit strange to me, but homey and comfortable. And yes, there is a sculpted ice cave for performances, The night I attended was slated for "clean comedy" and I made it a point to get out of there despite some morbid curiosity (I'm not an amateur comedy fan, and the idea of family-friendly comedy made me even more anxious).The handsome server was very attentive and knowledgeable, and I loved the half-carafe option when ordering wine. I wouldn't classify Le Chalet as a "fondue place", where the experience often outshines the food; it's more of a casual cozy spot that serves up thoughtfully prepared comfort cuisine - all the ingredients for a lovely dinner out.
Dim lighting. Fleet Foxes. Beautiful upstairs seating that almost seems secret. Band of Horses. Benches that are less cushy than you anticipate them to be. The Shins. Black board specials, just because they look cool. Beirut. $13 vegetable dishes. Intimidated yet? Fight through the angst. Once you take your first bite of food, all the hullabaloo will be well worth it.Order the forbidden rice bowl. Tell them to make it vegan (the vegetables are usually cooked in a bit of butter)... after all, you're a pseudo-hipster for the evening, and it's fantastic. If you're depressed by the idea of black rice as your main carbohydrate, the flat breads are taste-gasmic. That crust... the things I'd do for unlimited amounts of that flat bread crust. Top it off with figs and ricotta, and there's no way I'm passing up a square or two... or seven. If you're still not sold on the idea of carb-loading, the salmon "superfood" is delicious and nutritious, and who's not into a little super(food)iority now and then?But on to the main event... the chocolate stout cake + spiced ice cream + espresso ganache was the best chocolate cake I've ever had. It was just so damn... moist. There, I said it. Moist. Moist. Moist. Ew. But really, yum. If caffeine, chocolate and alcohol don't suit your fancy (wimp), the cheesecake in a jar was equally delightful. Cookie crust + strawberry compote + cream + cheesecake. Layered. In a jar. Who thought of that? Someone with adorable thoughts, that's who. And let's be honest, you've earned dessert. I mean... you ordered a healthy, vegan entree over the french onion cheeseburger, right? Right. Of course you did.
Tried a couple Tammie Coe cupcakes and a mini muffin two weeks ago... Unfortunately for them, I also sampled Ollie Cakes... No wonder Ollie Cakes, aka Urban Cookie, won Cupcake Wars and Tammie Coe sits in high rent selling pretty sugar disguised as a cupcake.Drive a few miles north, get whatever the special cupcake of the day is along with a Brown Velvet and Lemon, and save saying you enjoyed Tammie Coe for impressing snooty folk who wouldn't know yummy if it bit them on the butt!Really, the TC cakes were just cakes... No flavor, no texture, dry... And I can't say how impressed I was that the clerk shoved all my selections into one, tiny, flat bag meant for cookies or sandwiches!  Apparently presentation and flavor preservation mean nothing... As their products now do, at least to me.
I work right across the street and a few of us went here for lunch one afternoon. I ordered a salad to go. As soon as I saw the guy grab shredded sandwich lettuce to make my salad I almost told him to stop but I didn't. I regreted it when I started to dig in and realized the lettuce was brown and yellow. Very disappointed. $6+ bucks for nasty lettuce tomatoes and green peppers. I ordered a salad thinking I was getting something like the picture on their website. I won't be returning here. I'll be passing on lunch next time the co-workers opt for this place.
Things Evolve over time, so has La Condesa, There now is a big fancy bar and a somewhat different menu.What really matters is that the flavor, ans salsas are still here.I had a burrito with Mahi Mahi in it, it came loaded with spinach, mushrooms, cheese and rice. The cheese was a bit much but was still great at 10.59 with tax it should be.What really mad it great was the salsas. Everything from a peanut salsa, to a strawberry to many of the classic favorites. I really enjoyed the roasted peepers and onions salsa.Yes the inside is small and the parking is suicidal when you leave, but if you need a flavor shot give this place a try.
R.T. O'Sullivan's really hit the spot! The service and the atmosphere were outstanding. We were put into the back room which was perfect for our large group of 45 plus. The server kept track of everything even as people moved around and socialized. The food was wonderful. We will be going back!
I started a new job and the bosses brought us here for lunch.  It was ok.  I got a lunch combo meal, but I didn't pay.The service was really great but the food was not.  Just kind of plain.  It's convenient to work, so I will probably be back, I just won't have very high expectations.
This may be fiction.  I don't know for sure.  Here's what I pretty much think happened.The other night I was at a bar.  two days later I heard that it was Turf.  So I'm gonna go with it.  In body I was there, however my mind was suffering under an oppressive weight called alcohol that blurred pretty much every little thing that happened.For example: did I really find myself screaming piano man at the top of my lungs, to rapturous applause from the rest of the bar?  every time I tried to stop, I was goaded forth into the next verse?  (did the piano indeed sound like a carnival?)Was I really and truly told assuredly that I was gay?  Did I really have an argument for what felt like hours with a fair-eyed girl who has severe trust issues and one fucked up gaydar?  despite the wedding ring and total pudgy married-guy look did I still come across as gay?  (my wife tells me that it can only be the broadway rendition of a billy joel song.  I begrudgingly concede)Did I really hear someone who claimed to be a teacher misrepresent the very definition of a parallelogram?  Did she really say that a parallelogram could not have right angles?  Did I really scoff right at her and throw down the argument-crushing example of the square (QED biatch!)?  Evidently I did, because I do remember her backing me into a corner and beating my ass with a relentless barrage of haymakers, both rights and lefts, that left me bruised like a second-rate (albeit mathematically-savvy) prizefighter the next day.  Her-110 lbs at the very most, me twice that and then some on the most gravitationally-forgiving day, and I had no response but to cower in my own fucked-up rendition of the rope-a-dope.Her: "flex your stomach so I can hit you."Me: "Are you joking?  that's me, flexing."  (#fat)so I can tell you little to nothing about turf--I genuinely can't say for sure if that was the place we were at.  But since I asked right when I got there if I was allowed to yell, and the bartender said yes, yell to your heart's delight! I have to say four stars.  I would have said 5 but that looks really out of line with the rest of these reviews...
I was in Mesa for a workshop over the weekend, and this was a convenient place to eat. I wasn't overly impressed. The food was ok, and there was nothing wrong with it, but I expected more from Mexican food in AZ.
I want to preface this review by saying that I'm close friends with one of the sushi chef's in training, so we got a seat right at the sushi bar and really had a great opportunity to chat.  That being said, I will review this strictly on the quality of food, since we received some deep discounts due to being VIP guests.  (C'mon now, you know you all get discounts too when you personally know the staff/chefs, so quit your whinin'!)The quality of the fish was excellent... some of the best sushi I've had in my existence.  The key to getting good sushi is to trust in the chef, and ask them what is fresh, and what they would suggest (omakase style).  We had a sashimi appetizer platter to start which featured blue fin, yellow tail, o-toro (yes, the good stuff!), and a few other pieces.  Served with fresh wasabi root (not the hydrated green powdery stuff), this appetizer really woke our stomachs and senses.We had a few different rolls per the chef's suggestion, and all were spectacular (including some off the menu rolls).  The kim bap roll was highly recommended, and the quality was definitely memorable, better than most Korean-mom kim bop rolls I've had in my life.We asked for ama-ebi (sweet shrimp), which was soft, tender, and sweet, with perfectly fried shrimp head to back.  This was the first time I've had such perfectly made ama-ebi, and it's made me want to continue my search in Chicago.Some tasty mochi desserts, a few bottle of sake, and all in all, it was a very enjoyable night for my compadres and I.  I'm sorry for those that have found a bad experience at Otaku, as it sounds like most of it is waitstaff issues... but as a sushi fanatic, my advice to you is this:1.  Don't ask for a table if you're party is smaller than 4... ask for a spot at the sushi counter, because that's how sushi is meant to be served.  Getting to know your chef, the chef getting to know you, having drinks together, etc.  2.  Ask the chef what he/she recommends.  Not all fish are equally fresh, and the chef will know what's best for the day.  And if you can provide them with your own past experience of what you liked/didn't like, they'll likely craft a sushi experience for you that you'll love.Verdict:  If only Otaku were in Chicago... I might go broke.  Delicious sushi, and worth a visit!
How can you go wrong with tortillas and pastries in one location?  I honestly don't understand how this little Mexican bakery stays in business  given everything is practically free. My hubby and I bought two empanadas for me (like a little pie or turnover), flan for him, a dozen tortillas, and 2 red burritos.  I guess you need to get there early because they were out of red tamales at 2 pm on a Friday.  The empanadas were baked just to golden brown and the crust was so flaky and delicious words cannot describe it.  I had lemon and cherry, but I wanted to try one of everything.  The red chili in the burritos was mild but very flavorful.  Luckily they are wrapped in foil because I couldn't wait to get home to devour mine.  They could double their prices and I would still come back!I forgot to mention the bakery is spotless, so clean I would eat off the floor if I had to.
Yelpers giving this place four or five stars are either seriously misguided, don't have refined pallets, or simply haven't tried Bianco or Cibo.  This place was over priced, had fairly poor service, and the pizza just wasn't that good.I ordered the sausage pizza.  The sausage was pretty bland.  They also screwed up my order by adding onions when I didn't ask for them.  I've had my order messed up on pizzas before by having toppings left off, but never added on that I simply didn't order.  Found that strange.  I would have sent it back, but the waiter didn't check to see how everything was until about fifteen minutes after the food was brought to the table.I'd give Humbe Pie 1.5 stars if I could, but rounded up since it is better than Dominos and Pizza Hut.  I went after buying the GroupOn coupon, but won't be returning.
Exactly what a hole in the wall Pho place should be like! Totally reminds me of LA, SF or any authentic Pho place in any multi-cultural city. Congrats Phoenix for not being completely white bred and redneck- must give thanks to center city.Anyhow, portions are large, ingredients taste fresh and prices are inexpensive. If you're one of the sheltered folk out here that gets freaked out by rude bums or the lack of decor- stay in the shelter of your HOA tract home or go to the mall.
One of the WORST experiences of my life.  My friends and I decided to go and check this place out as the local radio kept talking about it.  So the day we decide to go, the guy from the Colbert report was there mocking the restaurant also.  We go in and we thought, "hey wow, this is kinda cool" as they talked about monster proportions of burgers and fries fried in lard.  However, once the food arrived we sat down and although the wait staff was scantily clad, all of them had "cottage cheese" legs and thighs.  We sat down, and my friend decides to take their super burger challenge, she said if he finished his 2 lbs burger, his meal would be on the house.  He kills it, and when we ask why his burger wasn't free, we could no longer find out waitress and the owner says to us "you either pay or i come over the counter" he threatened us with violence, which is stupid as all we were doing was asking what about what the waitress had told us.  We will never ever go there again.  Being Asian, he also spewed racial slurs at us, calling us to go back to where we came from.  ALL of us were born and raised in Arizona so I don't know where we would go.  Anyways, don't go here.  Also, all of the patrons, ALL of them were middle aged men, who instead of paying attention to their wives and kids were hiding away at a nasty restaurant who's burgers aren't even really grilled.  the frozen patties from costco are placed on a machine that rolls the burgers through, so you can't even want a medium burger, they are all torched.  The fries although fried in lard, are crap.  All in all, if you're a lonely loser, this is the place for you.  If you're a classy kinda guy that wants REAL food, go to any other generic burger place and you will be more satisfied.
Do you want to eat Chinese Food in an elegant environment on a Friday night in Phoenix? Be entertained by classic, quiet standards being played live on a piano while you dine?Are you 50 years old and Caucasian?Then the Golden Buddha is the place for you! Its in the Chinese Cultural Center Mall on 44th, and a popular weekend spot for Dim Sum. For a DIm Sum starved Valley of the Sun, Golden Buddha's is decent. For dinner, though, it is awfully Americanized and not very authentic Chinese. But with a bunch of American customers coming for dinner, what do you expect? They probably think they are getting "real Chinese" food by going to the Chinese Mall, but then again, they are used to PF Chang's or Stix normally in their neighborhood, so this is a step up.The best thing about this place is the decor, which is clean and nice, with a Hong Kong Junk boat design covering the ceiling from the bar into the dining room. The next best thing is the Piano interludes on weekend nights. The service is next, which is a little overly eager to remove your plate, and the last thing is the food. They do give decent portions. I ordered Guo Teh (potstickers) and got 6 fat ones. But they weren't served with the usual soy, chili oil and vinegar, but a soy and green onions mixture. The Mapo Tofu was ok, as they used a nice silky tofu, which was nice, but no green onions, and sliced black mushrooms instead, which I like, but not in this dish.Come here for the ambiance and music in the evenings, or on the weekend days for Dim Sum.
We got an online coupon to try this place and went on a Sunday around 7pm for dinner. The decor is very cool-neat floral booths with plastic overlay, beer taps at the booths, amazing mural on the far right wall. We both enjoyed our margaritas, which for the size were fair on the $8 price tag. The food was tasty, but not original. We ordered the ceviche app (which we liked the best), the mushroom tacos and the house salad with shrimp. Although our waitress came back and informed us that they were out of shrimp so we opted to try it without as there aren't too many non-meat or fish options on the menu. The smashed plantains and pumpkin seeds were a nice touch in the salad, but it was lacking something special. I can see coming here for happy hour or for a fri/sat night drink. They had a DJ booth which was cool, but (and I may sound old for saying this) it was just too loud for a Sunday night dinner.
I don't know how this place stays in business. The menu is so limited. Would you like chicken or chicken? Chicken in a pita? Chicken on some lettuce? Chicken rolled in a tortilla? And the pita chips are bland! Yuck! And  the potato salad has something in it that is way too tangy. I've only been twice and tried different dishes both times but I just don't get anything greek about this place.
Unfortunately, my birthday always falls right around Mother's Day.  Which means that every time I want to go out to eat for my birthday it is packed.  We thought we'd celebrate early by going on Saturday, but it was still packed.  We called ahead and the earliest reservation was 9 PM, but the person on the phone said that if we just came down, they would fit us in.So we sat at the bar for maybe 20 minutes (IN YOUR FACE CHAIN RESTAURANTS!!!) and our beers came with a small appetizer of cheese and salami.  These people think of everything. And the wait staff is pretty damn attentive.  The hostess heard me say something about my birthday, which was passed on to the waitress so my super huge and yummy meal ended with a delicious dessert of my choosing.  The bread and relish tray would have been more than enough of an appetizer for me, but my partners in crime also wanted the spinach artichoke dip, which was soooo tasty.  My steak was SOFT but cooked exactly how I like it.  These are true professionals.  Asparagus was cooked perfectly.  The chicken pot pie soup was exactly what I expected and so yummy.  And the dessert?  Triple creme brulee - kahlua which tasted like a caucasian, chocolate which managed to be super chocolately but not too rich, and a mixed berry that would have been fabulous if I was a normal rasberry eating human.Yes, it's a little pricey, but you easily get 2 meals if not more out of one dish.  Especially with the yummy bread and relish tray that is also presented before the meal.  The atmosphere is cozy and a little crowded.  If you are wierd about personal space, this is probably not the place to go.Overall: I love this place and go every time I get the opportunity.
This place is the best place I've found so far for sushi in the Phoenix area.  The wait staff is always attentive, the sushi isn't overpriced and  their specialty sushis are actually good.  They stick to the basics, and don't veer too much into the west for their ideas.  The plates and silverware are clean, which is more than I was able to say at a different place I'd tried.  The sushi prices are similar to other places I've seen - except you get 3 pieces, not 2.  They don't stick too much rice in the rolls.  The pieces can sometimes push the limit, but most are manageable.  All in all, this is a great place that I will come back to time and again.
There's different kinds of Mexican places around.  Type A:  Pseudo-Mexican fast food (Taco Bell, El Pollo Loco, Del Taco, etc.)Type B: REAL Mexican fast food (whateveri-berto's, Baja Fresh, Rubio's etc.)Type C: Various traditional taquerias (Los Favoritos, Rivas' Mexican Food, etc.)Type D: "Mexican Denny's" or chain-type sit down Mexican Restaurants--traditional-style or not (Chevy's, El Torito, Macayo's, etc.) Type E: REAL formal or semi-formal Mexican restaurants (I don't know any in the Valley yet, but in the Bay Area there is the now closed La Michoacana in San Mateo, CA, etc.)Valle Luna is a Type D, and a pretty good one as well.  Delicious traditional-style Mexican food.  The interior looks like what you usually see in a Chevy's or Macayo's.  It's visually pleasing, and service is friendly and helpful.  They have all the beers, margaritas, and tequila that you usually find at places like this (you know what I mean).  It's the kind of Mexican place you take someone for their birthday--exactly.Do you check in to places on Yelp using your iPhone?   Come to Valle Luna!  Show them the check-in on your phone and you get $5 off of a meal costing $20 or more.  Perfect for lunch with your co-worker.Valle Luna means good Mexifood.  If you're in the mood for a Type D, bypass the "Fresh Mex" and come here.
Live music, plenty of beer on tap, and a very happening place.  This place was packed with people however with a group of 6 we still found tables and chairs.  I enjoyed some beers on tap, but wanted to try some food so we ordered the Copper Blues Burger.  Very good burger, fresh tasting and the bacon and cheddar hit the spot.  The fries are good, which I normally do not eat at all.  Nothing like enjoying a nite out with friends.  Live music, great food, and plenty of drinks and beers on tap to enjoy.  We all had a great time out.  Service was great and everyone seemed pretty friendly there.  Great atmosphere here.
Just OK.  But like pizza and sex, there really is no bad BBQ.  I think there is something lost in translation from its Texas roots to AZ.  Gone is the appeal of the gas station dive.  Atmosphere feels a little phony in a pretty, new building.  The biggest problems I have with the food is the overpowering mesquite flavor and mediocre sauces.  The Texas roots explains the loyalty to mesquite, which is understandable and you cant fault them for staying true... but a little hickory or less creosote-tasting smoke would be nice for a non-Texas palette.  The sauces seem a little amateur.  I know Rudy's is no amateur in the business, but I think they settled too soon on their signature sauces - they taste like the first ones I made in my backyard.  If a true amateur (me) can evolve into better sauces, so can Rudys.  Now I need to stop at the new BBQ joint next door to see which one will get my BBQ dollars... stay tuned.
Very good place for breakfast & lunch tucked away in the crowded shops at 44th & Camelback.  I kinda found this place on accident.  I meant to just run into AJs and grab a salad to go, but was forced to park basically across the driveway from Taylor's, and, being closer, I opted to go there instead.  Taylor's is open 6-4ish (I couldn't really tell, they probably just changed the hours and scratched off the hour number on the door), and they serve breakfast all day- well, all day they're actually open- which is always good with me.  I was in the mood for corned beef, and , bingo, there it was.  Nice mound of lean tasty beef with melty cheese (no saurkraut or thousand island, please.).  And the bread- oh the bread- grilled to be crispy on the edges but still soft inside.  How in the hell do they do it?  I don't know, but I'm in love.
Shopping around TMP made me thirsty for a cocktail.  There is some type of Cantina I passed by that did not look relaxing so I went to my Yelp app to see what else was around when I saw the Thirsty Lion.  I was expecting an English pub-like atmosphere and I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in and saw the clean and modern decor.  I sat at the bar, a great thing about this place is that it has HH on the weekends!  The bartender wasn't that great.  He just threw down a drink coaster and walked off.... uh... really?  When he came back around I ordered a specialty drink - mint and cucumber cooler or something like that - I was hoping for more cucumber than mint but the mint was overwhelming, it tasted more like a mint julep.  They did have a great selection of beers on tap but I really wanted a cocktail so the next round was a jack and coke.  I wasn't planning to eat but I noticed some hard-boiled eggs wrapped in sausage on the HH menu, I had to try those, it's not often that I see something unique on a menu.  They were pretty good actually.I can't wait to come back.
Being a Phoenix native, I almost felt embarassed that I only ate at Pete's for the first time seven years ago. I had gotten back from England and was trying to recreate the orgasmic fish and chips experience I had there. Pete's was around the corner from my complex and after all, I DID see so many  of those "I'm Addicted to Pete's Fish & Chips" bumper stickers all around Tempe. I had to try it.I ordered the two fish combo, and my reaction was...what the..?..are they serious? 1.) The "chips" suuuuck. No salt, overcooked and stiff. I couldn't even eat them. 2) The two squares of fish I got were alright, but I may as well have gone to Safeway and bought a box of Gorton's fish sticks. 3.) The red "special sauce".  Wtf? And you have to pay extra if you want tarter? Lame. 4.) No malt vinegar. Enough said. Why there is such a collective hard-on for this place is beyond me. It's a laughably bad example of Fish and Chips.
I am one step closer to completing my goal.  I want to visit every Grimaldis in the US before I die.  After tonights visit to this one, I have most of AZ taken care of.We decided to come here because we had never been to this one.  We arrived and were seated right away.  Surprisingly this one wasn't crowded at all and that was fine by us.  We got a small caesar salad, a small pepperoni and garlic, and a personal white pizza with roasted red peppers.  A few minutes later we got our salad.  It was really good.  Just enough dressing, lots of cheese and croutons.  It was a good starter.  A few minutes after that, our pizza came out.  If you have read my other reviews, you will know that I think Grimaldis is the best.....this pizza was no different.  I really liked the white with roasted red peppers.  Everything was delicious and even though there was some doubt we could finish off 2 pizzas, I turned on my inner fat boy, and finished off all the pizza.  It was tough, but someone had to do it....little kids are starving in Africa somewhere....lll be damned if I'm going to waste some slices of this amazing pizza.  Down the hatch it went....my stomach doesn't like me right now because its so full, but he will forgive me once he doesn't get any of this delicatessen back in San Diego LOL.
Owned and operated by Eugenia Theodosopoulos (an Ohio native, fyi) and considered by many to be the best patisserie/bakery in the state I approached Essence with a note of skepticism largely assuming much of the hype was derived from Tempe's plethoric college crowd but arriving at the doors of the small shop on a particularly lovely 80 degree morning I gathered quite quickly that my original conceptions were misplaced; not only does Essence not look like a college haunt, neither do its prices or products - a vast selection of at least twenty items aside from the posted menu sitting beneath and atop a glass case forcing me to make more than one tough decision that was not helped by my server's accurate assessment that everything was really good.Now bearing in mind that the original impetus to visit Tempe on this particular morning was to visit Caffe Boa and that Essence was more of 'pre-meal' activity what follows may seem slightly gluttonous, but to be fair once I took my first bite of Theodosopoulos's École Lenôtre trained almond croissant I knew I was in good hands and everything else just sort of followed.  Without a doubt my favorite breakfast pastry and perhaps my favorite French pastry overall, Essence's $3 twice baked option arrives slightly smaller than the average but with a shell that crackles to the tooth and an interior that is at once yawning pockets of air and nearly overloaded with butter and light frangipane there is no doubt that this is a case of "big things in small packages," and particularly in its still-warm morning state the flavors and textures rivaled those at Dominique Ansel and Payard Las Vegas for best I've had stateside.Moving next from the baked goods to one prepared from the menu my second taste of the morning aside from the slightly earthy and lightly leather accented coffee was Essence's "Signature" French Toast, a $7.25 selection featuring three griddled slices of eggy brioche and a sidecar of what I can best describe as banana infused caramel.  Rich but thinly sliced and therefore nicely saturated each piece of the French Toast was exactly as it should be - the exterior crisp and the interior custard-while the sauce provided a pleasant balance of fruity notes and intrinsic sweetness that complimented rather than overwhelming the bread.At this point submitting to the fact that I was going to eat even the items I'd bought 'for later,' my next two tastes were a pair of $2.95 macarons that, much like the croissant, rivaled those both here and abroad in terms of taste and texture while opting for a much more rustic approach terms of size and presentation.  Beginning first with Pumpkin Spice and then proceeding to Vanilla with Dark Rum each palm-sized cookie was exactly what one would expect from a well trained pastry chef as the exterior shell provided a slight crackle on bite subsequently giving way to a soft meringue followed by dense cream that slowly dissipated on the tongue - the cinnamon and nutmeg notes of the former particularly notable while the rum in the second was appropriately understated thus serving to highlight the vanilla of the shell.If there were any 'misstep' on the morning, it *might* have been the "Summer Berry Croissant Bread Pudding," though when I say misstep I must temper the comment with the fact that my quibble is only that I prefer the French/English take on the dish while this one was more based on the French Custard style, a rich vanilla bean pudding without a lot of crunch or textural variance but instead laden with blackberries, raspberries, and strawberries plus a sidecar of lightly sugared strawberries.  Focusing more of the natural sweetness of the fruits and aromatics of the vanilla than the typical overly sweet versions served stateside it was more panna cotta than bread pudding to me, but chalking that up to personal tastes it was still delicious.Moving last to the one dish that gave me trepidation, the "French Napoleon" gave caused pause not only because the name clearly skewed towards a subset unfamiliar with a proper Mille-Feuille but also because so many pre-made versions of this layered pastry have failed to wow in the past...thankfully this was not the case at Essence.  Featuring light and crunchy layers of choux easily withstanding the tines of a fork without turning into a smooshy mess (see "Mille Feuille New York") intertwined with rich pastry cream speckled with dots of vanilla bean and ripe raspberries what truly made this version stand out was the manner in which Theodosopoulos caramelized each layer of choux, a technique reminiscent of Pierre Herme and as good as the French icon's version was I'd be hard pressed to say Essence's was any less impressive.  It would be awesome to see what they could do a la minut like Savoy, L'Arpege, or Genin and given the names I've dropped in the paragraphs above plus Essence's proximity I've no doubt I'll be returning to see what else the small shop is capable of soon.
Every time I go in this place it's always a great experience.  My wife and I have been going to Lucille's pretty much every other Sunday for the last couple months.  Her favorite is the pulled pork mine is the Kansas City ribs, but we always have to start our meal off with the fried pickles.  If you're on a tight budget even buying one meal and sharing it is a definite option.  Sometimes I get full on the biscuits and spread the provide in the beginning.The bar area is a great place to have a meal and watch a game.  I would highly recommend this establishment to any of my friends.  But make sure you get the fried pickles... you will not be disappointed.Oh yeah.....please please please order the Mac 'N Cheese as your side.  You will thank me later.Q
Great donuts but horrible service... Didn't get anything we wanted due to a language barrier between us and the limited English speaking employee. She claimed, in broken English, to only speak Spanish. She understood ONLY the word "dozen" and we got a dozen of what ever she felt like giving us, then proceeded to ignore us while using her cell phone!Donut shops are a dime a dozen and we will never again return to Bosa.
I've been visiting, and thinking, and visiting again, and thinking, and finally, after a long deliberation, I am ready to issue a verdict. Ruling: It's OK and a worthy stop in Scottsdale for a pre-dinner beverage. Sure, I could front load my review with spicy adjectives, overinflated superlatives, some forced humor, and throw on an added star and hope for a ROTD (come on, don't pretend that you don't know the formula), but I am not selling my stars for a day on the big screen. If it's been said once, twice, and even thrice, need I repeat it? Yes, because it is true -- this is not Postino, and for that matter, this is not Kaz. It is a good, local spot to grab a glass of wine, maybe even with your mom, who may not be hip enough to chill at Postino on Central (which really requires little hipness, I mean they let me in), or your dad, who may not be able to read in the dark at Kaz, or maybe for that friend from Gilbert, who you know, wants to walk the wide straight path of predictability. Predictability isn't bad...in this case, that means a good wine selection (could rotate more), full bar, usually one good draft or two out of 5, decent cocktails, and decent food. The food is not really what you come for. The bruschetta is sub par, but the salads are above par. And, I have to add, hummus with no flat bread or pita?? No. No pita for you! Service runs from friendly (read, management) to disillusioned and inattentive. The latter tends to happen if you sit outside. The last time I was in, I think grapes were crushed, olives were pressed, and chickpeas were ground...at least they could have been. Often they have live music too, which runs from the somewhat awkward jazz guy who keeps talking to you to the Motown wedding singer -- which on at least one occasion brought out near Elaine Benes-style dancing -- now that was worth the visit and waiting for the grape crushing.
I am a hot dog lover. For the past five years I've found no greater joy in Phoenix than hitting up Nogales Dogs for the best meal on the planet. Each evening when the Keyboard City on 20th St. and Indian School closes, the parking lot is converted into a quaint little dining atmosphere. I most enjoy going around six, the sun is setting and the buzz of traffic makes Phoenix seem more alive. This is my own preference and I know many people who hate going at this time because of the loud traffic. The bacon wrapped dogs are made to perfection with your choice of mayo, beans, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, cheese, mushrooms, and lettuce. And to top it all off you can wash it down with a Mexican Coca Cola, mmm so sugar filled. Don't forget to bring cash and your appetite.
Best Greek food I had in Arizona and excellent entertainment.The dolma's were the best I've had, their version of Babaganoush was very good and they had many lamb-based dishes.The entertainment was great. Live music, belly dancing, greek-style fun, broken plates, and dancing.Since I had the sampler plate I can tell you that if you're vegan, vegetarian or any other wacko thing like that, you might not enjoy the food here (Greek Lasagna?....really?) Also, the chicken was no good but I don't really like chicken anyway.
Clean, organized, and well-stocked (for the most part), Fujiya's carries my favorite car freshener, chips, bread, and iced coffee (in a can) among many other good things. Reasonably priced and extremely courteous customer service, I am always happy to shop there. The bentos, I wish, are kept in warmers like Suruki in San Mateo, CA, but Fujiya has an area adjacent to the register which includes a microwave to heat your purchased bento, so you can sit and eat and relax after shopping. What I love so much about their service is that I can place my order ahead of time and they'll have it available and ready. I think this is the only Japanese store that has just about everything I need to stock my pantry. It's no wonder I've been coming here year after year.
Sorry Banana Leaf... I'm usually not picky at all but the Thai Curry Tofu and Vegetable dish I picked up last night was awful.  Really... it was almost not edible.  The packaging was not great, so it kind of spilled a bit in the bag - not a good start.Perhaps the curry is the 'yellow curry' that Jenny R refers to in her review - maybe the chef should taste it before serving it - it was nasty!Seriously, I've had better Asian food from the food court at the mall before!I will say, you did listen to my request to add eggplant to the dish - thank you... but if someone requests eggplant, perhaps you should make sure it's cooked fully next time.  I had a bite that was barely cooked - it was crunchy.  So, needless to say - I don't think I'll be giving you another shot.  First impressions sometimes last a lifetime.  Sorry Banana Leaf!
Too long.......it took me way too long to make it to Sens. Sens is what we need more of in Phoenix!Seated promptly on a Friday night by Johnny Chu himself, Johnny Chu really has put together a winner here, Johnny Chu.....alright, I admit it...I like saying his name!The Asian tapas idea is new to me, having dined at some great Tapas places from Chicago to Vegas,  but alas never an Asian tapas joint. I must say no Spanish tapas place ever made me feel like Sens did (except the time I drank a pitcher of Sangria)!The Tofu dishes are amazing. How do you learn to love Okra? Get it at Sens. The Hong Kong rice noodles were not what I was expecting so I was a little taken back by them looking like a plateful of water chestnuts. One taste was all that was needed to cure my trepidations about the flavor - fantastic!I will be back to Sens Tapas & Sake Bar soon - do you think you could invent an "Asian Sangria"? C'mon Johnny, I know you can do it!
Being the B, L, and D (breakfast, lunch and dinner) restaurant of a major valley resort takes allot of versatility. From scrambling eggs to grilling a piece of meat the new Rico's American Grill at the Point Hilton Squaw Peak Resort shows that all this can be done and more on a daily basis. With two massive patios, a large bar and lounge area coupled with a fantastic selection of locally made beers on tap, just beckons you to try them all out. This is easily done by ordering up a Beer Flight ($7) which gets you 4 5oz glasses of their best brews, though this will be tough to chose, they're all good. Then you can order a capped 64oz growler ($20) to go! A growler is simply a large glass jug filled with your favorite beer, your choice. These are all the rage in other cities so I was excited to see Rico's making this offer. Id fill it with my latest favorite, Left Hand Milk Stout Sweet Stout. Think rich flavors of chocolate and coffee blended with milk sugars to give a sweet and creamy taste. In the large dining room you'll notice a wood fired oven. Unfortunately Rico's doesn't take full advantage of this, only offering a handful of menu items cooked in it including the BBQ Chicken Flatbread ($12). Covered with pulled chicken, red onions, Rico's BBQ sauce and mozzarella, this paired well with our beers though could have used a bit more salt, easily remedied. Another glimmer of what could be was the Wood Oven Baked Penne ($13). Several large meatballs, roasted tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella and pesto ricotta cheese and al dente pasta made for a hearty satisfying meal. A bit lighter but bold with flavor, the Chopped Salad ($10, add grilled chicken $3) made with grilled corn, black beans, bacon, tomatoes, cucumber, avocado, and BBQ-ranch dressing was shaken, not stirred, literally. The salad is brought out in a large martini shaker, dressing added on the spot then shaken well. Kind of a neat twist on table-side salad service, what's old is new again. The Wicked Meatloaf ($15) could have used some of Rico's BBQ sauce for a sweet contrast instead of the semi-boring-more-like-brown-gravy cracked pepper demi. The meaty slabs were paired up with roasted garlic mashed potatoes that were well seasoned and comforting.   Perfectly cooked and perfectly tender, the New York Strip Steak ($21) had a warm poblano and bacon relish that I could have eaten by the spoonful. The smoky sweet relish made the need for any sort of steak sauce not necessary. Along side was a heaping helping of green chile mac 'n' cheese, so creamy and so gone, delish. Apple Skillet For 2 ($7) takes apple slices simmered in a brown sugar and cinnamon, thanks to the wood-burning oven, then topped with cake crumbles and served with cinnamon vanilla gelato. If the skillet weren't so hot I would have licked it clean. While Rico's may not have yet achieved culinary greatness, what you do get is solid Southwestern influenced American grub.
Feeling yucky one day and wanting nothing but some reminders of my bay area asian food... My search began with my iPhone for Pho.. AND I wanted good Pho.. (Im skeptical of some dishes in the desert, just sayin'!).. I drove a good 20min from my loft to find this place.. worth it. Usual toppings you will find with real Vietnamese Pho.. but awesome! I asked for a variety of tofu and seafood.. I couldnt finish it all.. but never can with Pho.. its a big bowl, and filling! Extras on tables to get your Pho on.. Ordered the Vietnamese Shrimp Rolls too.. left feeling not so stuffy! AND full.. OH yeah, and I still had money for a bit of shoe shopping the next day... :-)
Wow. Worst food poisoning of my life. Ate here Saturday night for my birthday. Started to just not feel right about 20 minutes afterward. Sunday I never left the bed except to go be sick. I lost a full FIVE pounds in one day. Stay away from the salmon. I for one will never go back. I'm really sad too because I decided on it from the reviews. Another reviewer said they were disappointed in the recent quality. I should have listened!!
I knew when I was heading to Papago Brewing that I was going to get some good beer. What I didn't expect was some pretty decent bar-style thin crust pizza as well. My table ordered the T-Rex, which is basically loaded with every pizza topping made from a pig. My friend was in from out of town, so I said F it, and ate plenty without worrying about it. The pizza was thin, crisp, greasy and delicious. It was everything bar-style pizza should be. As for the beer, I got to try a few of Papago's own brews that I hadn't tried before. Their beers are either very flowery or have a bold coffee bean kind of aftertaste. Good stuff all around, but go with some of the other beers on tap if you're looking for a classic tasting brew. Although the food and beer were good, the service kind of sucked. The server was helpful for sure, but he was all over the place and the food took a very long time to be served. I'm not sure if they were short-staffed the night I went, but if the service was more consistent, my experience would have been better. That being said, Papago is still a pretty great little spot. I'd definitely head over there again the next time I'm in the mood for some pizza and their beer.
Let me tell you about my first crush in Phoenix. It happened to me when I least expected. I was sitting at my small cubicle during my first job. Birthday cake graced the break room practically everyday but today was different. When I walked inside to sing an out of key version of the birthday song to my coworker, I noticed a masterpiece in front of my eyes. A white cake topped with the freshest of fruit and the creamiest of white chocolate morphed into a piece of artwork. One bite into the white cake filled with fresh strawberries and I was in lust. It later turned into love and I've been happy every since. I silently thank the coworker who introduced me to Honey Moon Sweets because I can't imagine life without knowing about this sweet Phoenix treat. Over the years, Honey Moon Sweets has been my go-to bakery for a special occasion. I've purchased the "basic" cake for birthday parties. Let me just note here that a basic cake from Honey Moon Sweets is practically a masterpiece in any other bakery's mind. When planning my sister's baby shower, I knew exactly where to go. I wanted the perfect cake and a work of art to grace the baby shower table. And behold the Honey Moon Sweets baby cake. It was three tiers, blue with rattles, pacifier, building blocks, a crib, a teddy bear...you name it filling the top. Some of the pieces were frosting creations and some were real toys. It was almost too gorgeous to eat, but we couldn't resist it so enjoyed every bite. It was just as good as it looked if not better. Honey Moon Sweets does a fabulous job of using the freshest of ingredients and you can tell upon the first bite. The scariest part of this cake adventure was the travel time from the bakery to the Biltmore for the baby shower. One wrong move and the cake would have been toast so be prepared to move lightly with this cake in hand. As you can imagine, cakes from Honey Moon Sweets are not budget-friendly, but for what you get from the cake, it's reasonably priced. Just save your coins for a special occasion because it's worth it. I promise.
I have to laugh at the person that stated the service was bad. I have now been three times (can you blame a gal for craving a burger?) and each time everyone is almost too overfriendly. They ask if you have been in before and if you state no, they offer to go over the menu. Now this might stop after this location has been open longer, but it's helpful since there are only a few locations in the valley. When your order is ready, you are paged and you go up to grab your meal, and they always find it necessary to read back your order, when right in your hand is a tray with a juicy burger begging you to take a bite... so I am always a little feisty for them to read it off, since I want to chow down! They also seem to want to check in on you while you are eating, which is nice... but can be overwhelming if you are on your lunch break and trying to catch up with a friend... but I won't complain about good ol' polite customer service. I order their original char burger without cheese and without the onions (I did try them with the onions and honestly, I liked the taste of the burger better without)I like their crispy onion rings, they seem healthy if that is even possible for an onion ring... but they are crispy and not greasy. Try them, you'll understand what I am saying better :)The fun item I always get "to go"??? Their coffee flavored milk shake. It's light, it has nice flavor and is a little bit of heaven.PS: Parking is not like it was with "My Florist" there are many more available spaces now, which is totally awesome.
Saw this place in the Yelp email.  Needed to take my son to Toys R Us to use a gift card and it occurred to me that Habit Burger was right there, so I suggested we have lunch there rather than the usual McD's.  I temped him with the offer of a chocolate shake.I was amazed with the cleanliness and brightness of this place.  There was a line when we got there, but it moved quickly.  The tables were packed but we managed to snag a 2-top pretty soon after getting in line.  My son had the kids grilled cheese meal (something you don't find at your standard fast food place) and I had a charburger.  We shared his fries and the shake.OMG - the burger was heavenly!  The roll gets a little grill to it so it has a little crunch on the inside.  It was not greasy at all, just tasty and soooo good!  The fries were equally ungreasy and good - crunchy too.  The chocolate shake - my son only had about 3 sips which left me to drink the rest of it (dang it) - was absolutely delish.  And the prices were outstanding!Its a good thing there isn't a Habit Burger closer to my house.  I'd eat there all the time!  Five Guys?  Forget em!!!
So I've been back to Ra a few times now, and while the food is always acceptable, the service has gotten progressively worse each time. Today my co-worker and I actually waited an unbelievable 50 minutes for our food, which - if your waitress stops by, checks in with you, apologizes, lets you know she knows you've been waiting - wouldn't have been nearly so bad. Still extremely annoying, sure, but forgiveable. Not this waitress - we had to call her over for every thing we needed. Serioulsy, not once did she just stop by to check on us. We had to call her over to place our drink order, ask for sugar for our tea, to place our food order, to get the check, everything. So by the time the food came, I had to scarf down my grilled apple teriyaki salmon brick in 5 minutes to make it back to work on time. That's it, Ra - you've lost another customer.
Unlike Cassandra, I love kids and brought 4 of my own to Joe's. We all loved it. Fresh tasty food, great outdoor seating and lost of room for the kids to play with all of those dogs etc. The ahi tuna was cooked right and the slaw on it was amazing. The french fries might be the best I have ever had. The Chocolate shake was good but a little too rich for my taste. My wife said that the Buffalo chicken sandwich she ate was the best chicken sandwich ever. Her ice tea was amazing. My eldest daughter had the grilled peanut butter and banana split which had chocolate chips, pineapple, strawberries and of course peanut butter that was very different but great! The only drawbacks were the sweet potato fires ( not bad but I have had much better) there was only one condiment and drink area and that was clear on the other side of the fairly large area of land and the lone garbage can was also quite far. The pluses obviously are the tasty fresh food and of course plenty of room for kids to play and bother Cassandra.
The obsession started about 2 yrs ago and I haven't looked back since...Started with getting them catered for lunch, then a trip here or there to the restaurant. SO. GOOD. The bread is amazing, but the love, sweat, tears and what ever else they pop in there is addicting. Hmmm, now I am wondering what it is they put in there?? Anyway, I won't think too long and hard about that one. But tomorrow I'm definitely heading back for the Vermonter, gotta feed the addiction.
Blue Martini hosts "Take The Stage And Be The Lead Singer Of The Band" on Monday Nights. Usually there is a band that sings top 40 but on Monday nights anyone can go up there and sing. My friend loves karaoke and was dying to get up on stage and have her moment so I went for moral support. BTW she rocked! Most bars are dead on a Monday so I was surprised that there was a decent crowd here. No cougars in sight the whole night! The drinks specials aren't that great but you can get $7 specialty martini's or if you go with a group of people you can split a bottle of vodka for $100.
Love the idea - vegan Mexican. Have tried to eat there twice. Both times checked their FB page for hours, both times they were closed. Called their phone number, no one answered. No sign, no explanation on FB. Pathetic.
Happy hour was hopping today, unlike last week.  Bartender Ryan wasn't there, but no worries, as Stefan was just as able and gracious.  I selected the cab to go with the RF "Big Ass Burger," even though I wanted to try the zin.  Did I choose wrong?  I'll try the zin next time.Since I enjoyed the chile-pistachio bread last week, I asked if I could have the commercially-made burger bun swapped out with the new-recipe chile-pecan bread.  No problem.  Ordered it medium, no pickles.  By the time I had thought to take photos of the burger (I was starving so I dug right in!), the scene was a mess!  From the very first slice, the longhorn cheddar-topped patty crumbled into many pieces- I kept wishing I had a spoon to scoop them up!  No matter, as it was still a wonderful meal- loved the smoked bacon, and the chipotle mayo worked well both as a burger condiment and as a dip for the wonderfully crisp and seasoned fries (see photos).If only there are more happy hour meal selections (only two, excluding the salads) for me to enjoy.  Guess I'll be forced to try the Huckleberry bread pudding with creme anglaise and vanilla bean ice cream next time... woe is me ;)
I think its about time I wrote a formal review for this establishment, considering I have recently bestowed it as "My Favorite Restaurant" - that's a big title to carry. I often judge Mexican restaurants based solely on their chips and salsa and Gallo Blanco passes that test.  They have a delicious green tomatillo and smoky chipotle - as well as the typical hot sauce and fresh pico.  Their chunky guac is delish and summery, as they put orange slices in it. Although the chiccharon gets a lot of buzz (I think it taste like Cheez-Its), their best appetizer is the Elote - grilled corn-on-the-cob with cheese on it. It literally melts in your mouth! Oh, and it doesn't get stuck in your teeth like most corn-on-the-cobs tend to. The orange cake is AMAZING and reminds me of my beloved red velvet - except, you know, orange. I love everything about this restaurant - salsas, food, drinks, atmosphere, prices, entertainment (on Wednesday!) - they just need to get rid of that damn giant, ugly, silver air conditioning thing they have running through the bar.
A very tasty place for breakfast.  I strenuously object to any place that doesn't serve hash browns, but really that's my only complaint.  They have a ton of different omelets/scrambles (you choose) and you can make your own.  Example: spinach tomato sausage bacon with american cheese.  As a scramble.  With salsa.  The coffee is good (I hear from my wife) and the cinnamon roll is a real treat.  Not the best cinnamon roll ever in a million years but a good 8.5/10.  It is true that there can be a very long wait so plan ahead for sure.  You'll be waiting outside.  They grill their wheat toast-solid.
I am excited about this place, even though I have not had many opps to try northern style Chinese food.  Think dough, and don't mistakenly believe it's the same dough steam/cooked/fried/stuffed in different ways.  The kind owner lady proudly told me each of our 3 dishes was made w/ a unique dough recipe... At first I was worried all the dough would overpower my tastebuds, until I asked for some dipping sauce... they kindly made me a black vinegar, ginger, and scallion sauce... that just upleveled everything.  Who knows if it's traditional or not, but I implored the owner to start dishing this out when Americans like me (smiley face) come over and eat.The off-menu items are written on a small whiteboard sitting atop the freezer stuffed w/ to-go dumplings... luckily the folks there speak English, so I'll be working my way thru this secret menu and who knows.. this might go 5 stars!SW corner of Ray and Alma School, next to the JCC.
Been to the Rose and Crown a couple of times now and have sampled some food. They have an extensive beer selection, including Sessions. It's an American lager. Very tasty! They also have Carlsberg, which I am told is the Bud Light of Europe. I still love it! The french fries are the TITS! They are so good I was unashamedly eating them off of someone else's plate without asking. I have had the Reuben and was uninspired. The corned beef was good, but overall just lacking. I guess that is what I get for getting a Jew sandwich at an Irish pub. The decor is cool! There are futbol kits and scarves along the walls. Ya know soccer? Wonder if they show games there on the weekends? Do they have TVs? Oh well. The place is a little small, but quaint. They do have a nice patio that has ample space. Cool place to hang out on a spring night. I think they had live music too.
So I'm apparently oblivious to the fact that anything with the name Joe is owned by the same person.  Luckily for me, I wasn't stupid enough to order bbq pork again.  Joe's Farm Grill is a pretty cool concept and probably the only decent place to eat on this side of the 202 (since Mobsters INC closed, at least).  There are enough review here that clearly he is doing something right.  Suburbanites love to feel like they don't live in a city and, I'm sure, love the idea of a restaurant with picnic tables and trees.  They must because the place was a freaking day care when we went, with snotty brats running all around and climbing on everything.Anyways, back to the food.  I ordered a BBQ Bacon Burger.  I didn't bother to specify how I wanted it cooked and it was, surprisingly, cooked to a decent medium-well.  I subbed some sweet potato fries with it and they were pretty good.  Little more pepper would have made them great but oh well.  The wife had wanted to sub the veggie fries with hers but they made us order a side of them.  That side was literally 3 pounds of fried veggies and was way too much for any human to consume.  They weren't really my thing but the wife enjoyed.This place does a lot of things well but they suffer from a lot of the logistical problems that Joe's BBQ does.  The line is better and it keeps people from getting backed up but they seem to run out of menus quickly.  People grab them, carry them in line, and leave them at the window.  As a result, there are no menus left when people walk in.  I refilled the thing twice while I was standing in line.  Also, the condiment/drink counter is outside and all in a row right by the door into the restaurant.  These weird clusters of people trying to get a drink or some sauce develop and creates an obstacle course for people going in and out of the restaurant.  This leads me to my final problem - the indoor pickup window.  While the summer is long and hot (and I'm sure leads to a lot of people usually sitting inside), the day we went had tons of people sitting outside.  When their buzzers went off, they had to go inside to pickup the food.  The single door seemed to be all sorts of hazardous for people going in to get food and people coming out with food.  Finally, and I know this sounds stupid, but the trash can outside has the smallest opening ever.  You cannot actually stick your plastic basket inside the trash can and turn it over to dump your food out.  You have to pick the stuff up out of the basket and throw it away with your hands.  I just finished my meal, cleaned my hands, and now I have to wash them again because I had to handle a greasy, sauce-covered piece of paper to throw it away.I know this sounds nitpicky but it turned what would normally be a 4-star peaceful lunchtime experience into a logistically stressful nightmare for me.  When you make it hard for me to get in and out with my food, it makes me feel like you don't want me there.  I know they are going to read this and I know they are going to dismiss it just like my gripes about Joe's BBQ but do me a favor, when you build your next restaurant, hire someone with a degree in urban planning to help with the layout instead of just cramming things wherever you think they will fit.
This is a great place for grilled cheese and tomato soup.  They also have a great selection of beers on tap.  Parking is hit or miss, but you can't miss a cute house that has been converted to a great gastropub.  Always a friendly face and you will always run into good folks.
I have visited Tokyo Stop twice now for an a-ok lunch. There's nothing really bad about Tokyo Stop, but it just hasn't blown my socks off. On my first visit I had the bulgogi plate. It was HUGE. Full of hot marinated beef and a large serving of white rice. I've had bulgogi several times before and this bulgogi is a-ok. Again, not the best I have had, but not bad! I poured Sriracha all over it and I was a happy girl! The second time I visited, I ordered the teriyaki chicken combo. Again, another a-ok dish. Nothing fancy! The prices for each dishs is VERY reasonable. I don't think I've paid over $7 for anything.I would most certainly visit Tokyo Stop again. They offer a solid lunch at reasonable prices.
Love this place. Quaint.  Nice owners.  The meatloaf is fantastic.  Reminds me a little of home in Mn.  .. . old house.
Strolled in with a posse of 14 people for a birthday party. The staff was accommodating in getting everyone seated and served with drinks, especially as people funneled on in throughout the night.  The place isn't huge, it can really only accommodate one large party at a time.First off, if you are a vegetarian or Muslim, be aware that you are going to an authentic italian restaurant - meaning that 75% of their menu items will have sausage/ham/salami/etc. Being cognizant of that, it was a smart idea to peak at the menu before arriving. We got the Vegetariana Pizza ($14), which came with Mozzarella, Provolone, Caramelized Onions, Roasted Peppers, and Parmigiano Reggiano. I thought it tasted great, it was crispy, thin-crust and had plenty of cheesy to it. I thought it was an above average pizza, but nothing that would have impressed Emeril.In addition to the pizza, we split the Spiedini al Forno ($16), which was Marinated Beef Tenderloin in a Shish Kabob style with Onions, Bell Peppers & Tomato. The waitress advised us in ordering the beef "medium" and no higher because it may get too dry or overcooked. I don't usually do medium, but she advised us correctly. It came out with only a little bit of redness and packed a good flavor. The onions, bell peppers and tomato are Kim Kardashian, meaning that they are all show and no substance. I didn't think they added anything to the entree and in fact, I didn't even eat them - which is rare for me to pass up on food. It wasn't like I was full, they just tasted bland.For dessert, they brought the birthday boy a Dolce Della Casa ($12), which is a slightly charred sweet calzone filled with chocolate hazelnut sauce and topped with bananas and vanilla ice cream. Everyone shared and It hit the spot. However, once the ice cream runs out, you're outta luck. The dessert is really complemented with the sweetness and coldness of the vanilla ice cream. The environment was kinda noisy (probably because we were a group of 14), and the wait staff was kinda slow (once again, because there were 14 of us), but they had a TV playing the knicks game so I was happy being able to watch LINSANITY, and the woodfire oven was blazing away for some good ambience. Overall, this place would be much better for a date or small group gatherings, otherwise you may be waiting for your food too long or feel a little crowded. Oh and just beware, the bill can become a little pricey if you aren't splitting entrees....
Two words for you. Mouth.  OrgasmWifey and I decided to eat here for our 5 year wedding anniversary. I have to say this is one of the best meals I've ever eaten, hands down. We bought a Restaurant.com gift certificate that cost $10.00 for a $50.00 Gift Certificate. They also have half priced bottles of wine on Friday nights as well.I went with the 5 course menu. I chose 2 of the dishes, and let the chef pick the other three. We started out with the Crudo Cheese plate that was phenomenal! It had goat cheese, goat feta, goat mozarella (sooo good), cherry compote, roasted dates, tomatoes, cured lamb jerky, smoked olives and truffles with toast. If that doesn't give you a food stiffy, your not human. The first dish I had, which was one I picked, was the butterfish crudo. It was served with oven roasted tomatoes and lardo with some sort of escebeche type sauce, hands down my favorite plate in Phoenix right now. Holey cow! Next, I had the albacore crudo with truffles, apples, black garlic and pepper. Another amazing dish. My next dish was one the chef selected as well, it was their Japanese Fish Market Special. I don't recall the type of fish, but it was good. I felt bad for this plate though, it had to follow some illlll dishes. The 4th course I had was the mushroom gratin. It had hen of the woods, crimini, potato and was topped with an egg. I felt it was just too much, a little clunky. That's probably just my taste though, there was nothing wrong with the execution of the dish. I finished with the roasted veal served with parmesan creamy polenta. Friggin amazing, I wanted to whisper sweet nothing into it's ear and smack it on the boohiney.  We went with a great bottle of Nebbiolo, that was exceptional. The service was excellent. At first I was kind of weirded out with the restaurant being inside a retail shop, but we moved to one of the high top tables and it felt more like a quaint little cafe. What a great meal, fargin amazing!!  Pics to come
This was stop numero uno on our group's light rail bar crawl.  None of us had ever been there before so we were excited to see what this place was all about.Situated about a 10ish minute walk from the light rail station, it is a nice walk through a part of town where I wouldn't normally be.  You wouldn't think this place is a brewery because of its small size but it is.  The inside is very quaint and taverny.  It has a very relaxed vibe going on.I ordered the sampler and all their beers are pretty decent.  I decided on the Amber for my pint, but they were all good so it was a difficult decision.  Not bad for a little local brewery at all.  For a quick bite before we moved on we ordered the calamari and the bratwurst splitter.  The calamari was pretty standard and the aioli had a nice kick to it.  The bratwurst was excellent and unique.  Each was perfect to split among 4 people.  The rest of their menu looked good but is pretty much typical bar food.  Well probably a bit better than average bar food.  Anyway, it is perfect food for the place and looking back we should have probably eaten dinner there instead of only an appetizer.Pro Tip:  Cross over to the north side of the street at the light as soon as you exit the light rail station.  Otherwise you will be dodging traffic as you try to cross because the place is located on the other side of the street far from another crosswalk.Anyway, I would like to come back for a few beers and food.  I would also like to do the brewery tour.
Q: How many people and how many minutes does it take to make a "toasty" sub?A: At Quiznos?  A LOT.The food is decent, especially the tuna melt, and $5 for a large is a great deal.  But this place is SO incredibly slow, every time I go there I swear it's the last time.  Alas, living across the street from it I have caved and gone back a few times...  But seriously, don't come here if you've got groceries in the trunk, kids waiting in the car, or anywhere you need to be in the next hour.  Also: I can't stand the oregano powder crap they dump on every sub.  Come on, Quiznos, there's gotta be a better-tasting distinctive touch.  I always tell them to leave this stuff off, and half the time they put it on anyway. FYI - once the sandwich is out of the toasting machine, toppings are available by request only.  No one's gonna ask what you want on it like at Subway.  You really have to speak up if you want onions, olives, or whatever else they've got hiding back there.Please God grant me the willpower to stop coming back to this Quiznos!!!!!!
How can anyone not give these guys a 5 star?  Cafe Rio invented the sweet pork burrito and nobody...and I mean NOBODY can do it better.  I moved here a year ago from Utah where Cafe Rios are as abundant as Micky Dees .... and I was so happy to see the Cafe Rio sign.  I eat there to much.  Its a 30 min drive to get there from where I live, but I love that I don't ever have to wait in line as long as I did when eating at the Utah ones...Let me help you with what to order:  No serious if you are reading this...go there TODAY and order this - Sweet pork burrito with black beans, hot sauce, enchilada style with pico and guac ... no lettuce (unless you like lettuce ... I don't)
I've heard way good stuff about this place for a while and finally had the pleasure of sitting down and having some lunch there.Thoughts: Staff was friendly and quick, nice place, very clean and some hi-tops and lots of tables and outdoor seating as well.Chicken salad bagel sandwich wasn't too bad at all, except for the nuts in it - I'd probably eat it again however.  Had a tomato basil bagel toasted with it... yum!  I'm wanting to go back to try different menu items now :)
Wait a second...I have not written a review!  This is nuts!!!!!Anyways...I adore this place.  LGO and the pizzeria are my favorite places in the world...lol...I am here at least 4-6 times per week.  It is nuts!  Anyways..the reason I am here all the time is because it is FABULOUS!!!!  This place can never go wrong!  The orange and fennel salad it amazing!  It is the perfect mix and each bite and a delight in your mouth and to your taste buds!  I often get this salad through out the week.  I love the kale and quinoa salad too!  It is my go to salad.  I am obsessed with the avocado pizza with prosciutto and goat cheese and the roasted corn pizza with prosciutto.  I wish I could get enough but I cannot!  The ambiance is awesome! Mr.Lynn is a genius and made this place so welcoming and open.  I love how its so laid back and romantic at the same time.  The parking is difficult, but you expect that since it is so popular!  Now the Peanut Butter Pie!!!  OMG OMG OMG!!  There are no words...it is DELICIOUS!!  I try to refuse every time but I cannot.  I really enjoy the sangria.  The wine selection is great!  I just love this place!!!!
Our dinner club ended up at Maizie's this month after the other pick was closed.... we lucked out! We were unknowingly there on $3 burger Monday, so pretty much everyone ordered the burger. They had told us the wait would be short, 15-20 minutes. It ended up being about 45 min, which was a little frustrating. But our waiter was awsome and fast and we received our food very quickly. I think us ravenous girls had a turnaround of about 30 minutes once seated. First I have to give homage to their fries... Both the regular and sweet potato are excellent. Well seasoned, with potato skins, and a nice balance of crispy and soft. Their chipotle dipping sauce is reminiscent of the yummy sauce at Delux. I got a basic burger with cheddar cheese - it was cooked perfectly to order and tasted great. Total bill: $5.00 ($3 burger + $1 cheese +$1 fries= amazing deal!)My friend's salad was huge and delicious looking with all kinds of good stuff on it. I want to go back and try a salad, and maybe pizza and sangria night (Tues & Wed) or, ooh, one of their stuffed burgers. I think I'll be back a few times...
Southern hospitality? Yes ma'am (or Mister)  :)The first thing that struck me was that my server had a lovely accent. My daughter looked at me & asked me if it was part of her job to fake an accent,,,, I went with no. I'm not sure where it's from, but it's a 'honey & y'all' accent :D She had a very friendly disposition & made our lunch experience a pleasure. She made her mama proud. The food was decent AND you can have breakfast all day. I love having breakfast for dinner, so that's a big selling point to me :)The building is fairly new, not too brightly lit & clean. In all honesty I would have given them an A OK rating, 3 stars, but our server pushed them to a 'yay! I'm a fan', 4 star rating. Good people make the difference!
I think for my sesquicentennial review, I've gotten to a point where I'm letting the food direct the show of stars. Sure, we have the servers and cooks as producers, the location as our stage, lighting, sound and supporting staff. But the meal, ah, that is our celebrated lead actor. Without it, all other pieces may paint a pretty picture, but what good is a painting when it medium is missing? The Mission really delivers its lines well. Almost too well. Like Dakota Fanning well. Each plate has a spectrum of flavors--bold and smoky with subtle and delicate undertones of fresh herbs. Each dish is skillfully plated and ready for its closeup. My steak tacos were so intensely flavored, I didn't really dwell on the fact there were but three petite tortilla shells mounded with strips of magnificently grilled flank steak and slices of fresh avocado. And the papas y chorizo, which I ordered as an accompaniment, helped balance the palate yet was still a strong item on its own. Robert M's pozole was as unique as it was flavorful, delicious, satisfying and, ironically, humble. The bread pudding he ordered at the end of meal was, according to him, a premature ejaculation. Apparently, that means it was good, so I'll take his word for that. Those who joined us for this meal seemed to share some of the enthusiasm over the dessert, but I don't eat sweets so will have to believe their accolades worthy. What, pray tell, denies The Mission of the much clamored five-star rating? Primarily, it's the associated fees. On one hand, I was blown away by the sensuous flavors apparent in every edible item. On the other hand, I was blown away upon seeing the bill (especially since I had nothing but water to drink). Does one negate the other? Perhaps. Am I at a place in my life where such a statement rings true? Not necessarily. While my initial response was, I wouldn't likely return to The Mission if it was my decision, I confess that I would, willingly, give myself back to The Mission if only for the sublime sins of doting on sustenance.
I am in love.  This restaurant does everything a good restaurant should.  Ambiance, service and product were good.  The only disappointment I had was with the hour wait on the Monday we went without a reservation.My party of four had an excellent time celebrating a birthday.  Two had the short ribs.  Tender to a fault, served with delicious Bar-B-Que sauce and pecan grits.  One had the fillet with a spicy aioli and delicious potatoes.My meal was a huge pork chop, stuffed with Maytag bleu on a ancho bread pudding.  For an app I split the chop salad.  It deserves special mention and I do recommend it, but it is not a sustaining salad, more of a amuse-bouche.  For dessert we split the peanut-butter cheese cake, delicious.The beverages deserve some mention.  The wine list is this restaurants' only fault, it is tooooo long.  There is a smaller, delicious by-the-glass selection.  The beer selection is well crafted.  I had two of my favorite beers, Dogfishhead Chicory Stout, something I had only had by bottle, wonderful.I normally don't like high-priced eateries b/c there is often a lack of creativity, Cowboy Ciao doesn't disappoint.  Recommended over any Capital Griller or Flemmingsery for creativity and value for dollar.
OK, I went based on Tim C.'s Yelp review of this place, and I am so glad I did. I rode my bike up there around 1PM Wednesday afternoon, and I have to say I was not disappointed. Even though it was hot out, the outdoor table was surprisingly cool and comfortable. I got an iced soy latte and it was so good. I don't know how to explain it, but there is great tasting espresso and there is bland espresso. This place just has great tasting espresso. I found out while I was there that Ted (the guy who made it) had roasted the beans himself. You can buy the beans from them if you are one of those industrious people who grind and brew your own espresso drinks...I am not. I prefer to leave that to the professionals.  He actually ground the espresso when I ordered my drink. If you get the chance please go see what I am talking about. You will notice how much better the espresso is.The place itself is so beautiful and relaxing. If you sit outside like I did, you are basically sitting in a big outdoor garden. It is kept cool by the overhead canopy and the swamp cooler air blowing out from inside the coffee shop. Ted was really friendly, I felt comfortable just hanging out for a while reading my book. Unfortunately, the coffee shop closes at 2 PM, otherwise I bet it would be beautiful at night. This place definitely looks like something that would be in a cool little town somewhere, and  not off of a busy street like Hayden Rd. Ted also told me he makes the lemonade himself fresh squeezed, something I love and will definitely try. When I go back, I think I will go a bit earlier.  I may do a bit of plant shopping as well while I am there...Bottom line: Great atmosphere, drinks, and service!
Let me qualify my review by stating that I have not been to Butter & Me.  I have had their yummy mini cupcakes at a Yelp event.I tried the red velvet mini cupcake.  It was really good.  Moist and flavorful with a rich creamy frosting.  Yum.  I chased it with few sips of Cruz tequila.  Hey, it was in my other hand.I also tried a chocolate mini cupcake.  Yummy.  Again, moist and delicious.  I don't know how they keep the mini ones from drying out.  When I make mini muffins at home they dry out easily (that is if any survive the first half hour...the survival rate for any kind of pastry in my vicinity is exceedingly low).I also garnered a few extra cupcakes to take back to my wife and a friend and score points.  Mini cupcakes=brownie points.
I consistently enjoy Chelsea's Kitchen, even in uncomfortable circumstances (long story). This last time was no exception.We started with "white" sangria, which none of us had heard of before, despite prior visits. The "white" is a pinot grigio so it was an easy decision to order the pitcher. The sangria was delightful - we didn't quite finish the wine, but the pitcher-ful of fruit was polished off.My swordfish tacos were delicious and filling. My friend's fried chicken (a special) was good but a bit dry. I suggested gelato after dinner; no one had room.Service was a bit inattentive. The table seated after us received menus, waters and had their order taken before we had a server approach the table. After the first server, another seemed to take over and things got better.The atmosphere at Chelsea's is good, as others have pointed out. It's a great place to hang out. The setting is beautiful. I will return.
Treachery! Seek it out:Let me begin this review by saying that mine is not an indictment on this particular location but on every single P.F. Chang's I've had the misfortune of being dragged to.P.F. Chang's is effectively the Cheesecake Factory of bad Chinese food, with the disadvantage of not being as capable of delivering passable food. They bill themselves as a "gourmet" Asian experience, which is a bit of a laugh when they turn around and sell you their equally horrible frozen entrées right from the convenience of your local Wal-Mart. Everything is bland, overcooked, and ridiculously priced. Once you've paid nearly $14 for their "orange peel chicken", you may privately hope to yourself that they might have the audacity to include some fried rice. This is your second mistake. Sadly, the bistro calls you on your bullshit. You get white or brown--fried rice is several dollars extra and not at all worth it.Everything seems to be cooked just wrong--things that shouldn't be are too crispy, things that should be sauced are too dry, things that should taste good make you question the will of the gods, all the while you find there's no way to escape the treachery.Things get more and more frustrating as you dig deeper: P.F. Changs, while sounding vaguely Asian, is a wholly American creation. It was founded by Paul Fleming (in Scottsdale, actually) with SOMEone with some Asian influence to spice it up a bit, named Philip Chiang. (They literally cut out the poor bastard's "i" so that it would "fit on the signs better," or, as I like to believe, not scare away the flyover-states-white-folk so.) It's highly Americanized (and yes, I've had Chinese food in China, but I've also enjoyed great "American Chinese" food here) to the point of regrettable blandness and it is SO VERY EXPENSIVE you may find your credit score taking a ding after eating a plate of "wok charred beef", listed as one of the saltiest foods in America.The decoration is clumsy and their famous inclusion of terra cotta warriors are literally symbols of death. From Jennifer 8 Lee's Fortune Cookie Chronicles:'But not everyone finds the terra-cotta warriors charming. "Chinese people would never put that in a restuarant," Jim told me, pointing at the statues. "It's not lucky. It's something you put at a burial site! But in America, they think it's a Chinese thing." From a Chinese perspective, P.F. Changs is decorated with death.'Which is just fine, because everything there tastes like death anyway.
I worked here when I was 20 and I couldnt fully appreciate what they have to offer.Its unfortunate I didnt take advantage of my 30% employee discount, but I was poor since I worked there. I really enjoy this place now, the dining room tables are the best buy ever! I was shopping fore like 5 months for a table with bench seats instead of chairs. Then I remembered how many Cost Plus had.I went in and they have 4 different kinds for 199.00I dont know if you have been bench shopping lately but I find them ion the price range of 700-1200.I liked a lot of the tables but they didnt match my style so got a table somewhere else and bought the benches here. They also have walkers shortbread cookies on sale all the time. Ok the ingredients on that: Butter, sugar, flour, saltSooo GooodBut yeah great buys on tables, but they have midget couches.They are for like a childrens playroom.
Wow, what a blast from the past!  I hadn't eaten at a Sizzler since it was popular in '80s, so when we saw that they opened up again where Taco Tote used to be, we had to go and check it out!When we walked in, it was like reliving my childhood, when we went to Sizzler as a special dinner, to gorge on the salad buffet and the unlimited fried shrimp.  Seeing that the salad bar itself was $8.99, and that for only a dollar more I could get a half dozen of fried shrimp, I figured I might as well!  The shrimp comes with your choice of side: either some incarnation of potato (fries, baked, etc.) or veggie (Such as steamed broccoli).  The shrimp looked just how they did in the '80s, pounded then battered and fried.  They were decent, nothing too special, but not bad.The salad bar has various salad greens, toppings, and dressings to choose from.  There's also an area with cold shrimp and halved avocados.  I was excited to see that they had such high quality items, but unfortunately the execution was something left to be desired.  The shrimp was deheaded, but whole, so if you wanted de-veined shrimp you had to de-vein them on your own.  The shrimp was also overcooked, and a bit tough as a result.  The avocado was a nice touch, but unfortunately many of them were slightly under ripe, so they tasted a little sponge-like rather than creamy.The hot foods section along the corner area of the buffet has items such as buffalo wings, meatballs in marinara sauce, and a taco bar.  There are also desserts here, like brownies, bread pudding, and soft serve ice cream with various toppings to choose from.  The taco bar was probably the best part of the hot bar.  There are various outer shells to choose from (Tostada, hard taco shell, soft tortilla, taco salad bowls), 2 meats (Ground beef and carnitas), and veggies (Such as pico de gallo, jalapenos, guacamole, cheese, lettuce).  There's also gooey nacho cheese and refried beans at the counter.  The carnitas was probably the best out of all the taco toppings.  It was slow cooked, and had a rich, deep smoky flavor.  Service was good, drinks were refilled and dirty plates were removed as needed.  One thing to note is that you cannot add tip to your receipt since you pay for your meal first, and then sit down, so cash will help for tipping your waiter!
Let me preface this review by saying that for the past 2 years I have lived in Boston, which has some decent Chinese restaurants, great food, but rude/curt/abrupt service. I had learned to keep my head down, not make eye contact and not ask any questions. Eat as fast as possible and get the hell out before someone starts yelling at you!So understandably my guard was up when I entered Mu Shu Asian Grill. However, complete opposite here. Mr Mu Shu welcomed me to his establishment, asked me if I had ever been here before and took the time to explain the stir fry/salad bar station.I was in the mood for Mu Shu, and a place named Mu Shu must have great Mu Shu, right? Mr MS described to me his version of MS, I heard him say something about a burrito, but I really wasn't paying too much attention as I smugly thought I knew everything there was to know about Mu Shu! Boy was I wrong! When I get it, it's bigger than my forearm. It's packed full of shrimp, veggies and fried rice. Wow, what a great flavour!You've heard of Asian fusion? This is Mexasian!
Good food, good service, good price, shitty location.I had the carne asada plate which came with guac, beans, and corn tortillas.  The tortillas were amazing, the carne asada was above average, as were the beans.  Unfortunately, as good as it was, it's still Mexican food.  Not that I have anything against Mexican food, it just, for the most part, all tastes similar.  Nothing really stood out as AMAZING.  If I'm in the area (god forbid), I'll def. eat there again, but I'm not going to drive from the E. Valley to go here.  Bonus points for having 7-Up in a bottle, made with sugar.
Wow! This newly opened little food shop in the Mekong Plaza is fantastic. Very authentic Hue Food. Although I'm not a Vietnamese, I have been to Hue in Vietnam and had their famous Bun Bo Hue. Must say that this store was very close to the authentic Bun Bo Hue. The pork hock and the other meat used was very tender, the noodle was perfect. The broth is lightly flavored so that you can use the Shrimp Paste for those who like it a bit more salty. The veggie was very generous.The Banh Beo was another neat Hue snack. It's a very thin rice cake snack which is steamed. You dip it in Fish Sauce. It was very nice and moist.Their menu is pretty limited as they only have about 6-7 items, but they are definitely featuring the best of hue to serve. Very impressed to see. There was a good crowd too, so lot's of people have been dying for some nice Hue food.Only thing to note is they were a bit disorganized the opening weekend as their register was not even working, and the service was a bit slow. I'm sure after a few weeks, this place will be running smoothly.
Wow... i don't think I've ever been in a more narrow place.. ever! but it was just perfect in ever way!!! They have tables along one side and a bar with tall stools along the other side... you can watch them make your food.... its like the food network... but live and you can smell it :) my coworker and i sat right in front of the oven... every time they would open the oven i would only get hungrier!! :) we could see all the fresh and yummy ingredients!! i had the Reuben (Pastrami, corned beef, homemade sauerkraut and Swiss with a side of 1000 island dressing) WOW... it was amazing... for their sauerkraut they use red cabbage... it was more sweet than bitter... and the crust of the pasty was flaky and buttery... so delicious!! and i honestly forgot how much i love corned beef! over all it was very rich... but great to share.... My Coworker had the Italian.. (pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, basil, tomatoes and marinara sauce) it looked great... he loved it... you could see the fresh basil and tomatoes... it smelled divine we didn't speak for a full 20 minutes... just barley loud enough mmmmmmmms and o-m-g this is amazing... said quietly to ourselves.... all of the employees were so outgoing and laid back at the same time... just really cool guys... i loved the atmosphere and the attitudes that filled this place... i cannot wait to come back!
How can I not show yelp love for the original fro yo shop that kept my addiction fulfilled in the early days of the fro yo phenomenon? Yes, that is what Golden Spoon is to me. When I first moved to Phoenix from college, I was coming from an area that was overloaded with frozen yogurt shops for the college girls who shared my love of the frozen treat. Unfortunately, Phoenix hadn't quite yet jumped on the bandwagon and so the only choice was Golden Spoon. To make matters worse, the only locations were north on Shea or South in Awatukee. So, since I was living in Old Town, the Shea location was typically my choice. I can say that I added several miles on my car very willingly to treat my taste buds to Golden Spoon. Yes, it was the closest shop to me but it's also creamy and completely delicious. The frozen yogurt is served by staff and comes in different sizes. You can choose from multiple toppings and it's just your "old fashioned" frozen yogurt shop. I'm using old fashioned very loosely in this sense, since frozen yogurt is anything but old fashioned, but with the self-serf trend, Golden Spoon is "old fashioned" compared to that. I don't visit Golden Spoon as often as I'd like anymore because it is still a bit of a drive, but anytime I'm in the area, I know just exactly where to stop for a sweet frozen treat!
The waiter got the drink wrong: "up" means served strained without ice, not on the rocks, but I was happy about the mistake, The Salmon melted in my mouth and the bread pudding made me fat for hours, but was so worth it.  Great atmosphere and none of our plates were empty when taken away.  I would definitely go back.  Good service, great food, fun atmosphere.  Great flexible hours on a Sunday.  GO !
We planned a happy hour here this past Fri night.  I had heard good things so I was really looking forward to some fun with good friends and good beer.  Unfortunately, I was drastically disappointed.  The service was absolutely terrible.  The question of "What do you have on tap?" should not be a difficult one to answer.  Our server didnt feel like answering and instead pointed to the menus with attitude as if we were making her night miserable.  Strike One.Our group quickly turned from 4 to 8.  When we turned to our server to assist us in relocating to a larger table, she told us we could look around if we wanted to, but she didnt think it was possible to accomodate a party of 8.  We asked about the upstairs and she told us there was a private party and no room.   A friend of mine went up anyways, to see a perfectly open table with 8 lovely chairs.  He asked the private party, which was paying the check and getting ready to leave, if they minded we sit at the other table.  Of course, they didnt care at all and we moved ourselves.Strike Two.Despite the bad attitude and completely unaccomodating service, we managed to rack up quite a bill between all of us.  I waited tables for four years and consider it a given with such a large party and hefty bill to offer separate checks.  Before we could even ask, the SINGLE check was dropped with 18% Gratuity added to it.       Stike Three.The food was average at best.  I've had better Potato Skins at TGI Fridays.  Its a shame, because this place is a $5 cab ride from my home and I really wanted to like it.  I will make the drive to Rula Bula over this place any day.
I'm a regular at Lux. Haven't reviewed it out of sheer laziness. And it's usually laziness that brings me here: when I have a major thingie to get done by Day B but I spent all of Day A at the office surfing the Internet instead of working on it, I pay the price with an all-nighter, which I like to start at Lux. (Damn them for not being open past 10). This is usually the story when anyone spots me here. I'll grab a small table for myself, plug in my laptop (free wifi), spread out my papers everywhere, then go up to the counter for a large and extremely delicious Velvet Latte. When it's done right, there's a perfect swirl of white cream that forms the shape of a leaf on the surface of the caramel-colored coffee. Mmm.Since I am ADD I take frequent breaks of course. Like every 3 minutes. Whenever I hear a strange piece of music I really like that I've never heard before (this happens often), I strain to catch part of the lyrics, stick it into Google, find the name of the band, stick it into iTunes and download it. I'm not making that up. Like half my music collection was created through this method. The last few bands I downloaded tracks from are... let me open up my iTunes... Kasabian, Feist, and the Detroit Cobras. I'm not even remotely hip enough to have heard of those before on my own.
Sam's Club is having a ground beef recall. Call the store for details.  I am just all about the FYI today! ;-)They said they sent paper and electronic mailers - but I did not get one. I just got lucky and happen to be returning the brown ground meat that I just bought.I am rarely able to find fresh ground meat or chicken here, but their roasts have always been fresh and very reasonable. I can get double the size here for the price I would pay (for a smaller one) at Fry's. And, if it is not quality meat, just return it for a 200% refund = one of the only reasons that I will try to get meat here. Although, for the hassle, it is really not worth it. Also, if for any reason you don't like the club itself, they will refund your membership. Look it up; it's on their website.They are trying - but be wary of the ground meat and chicken there. It is often not very fresh. But.... I can sometime find fresh ORGANIC produce here - nothing much really - last time it was spinach. It was really cheap however, and getting organics at wholesale prices is rare.
This is my favorite seafood place in Phoenix!!!! I have loved this place since it opened when I worked at Nordstrom years ago!  They have a great happy hour.  There are not many places that you can get a $5 cosmo, appletini, and lemon drop martinis...not many!!  They are not Grey Goose martini but they are delicious all the same!  They offer greta choices from their menu on their happy hour menu as well...of course they have a fabulous happy hour its because its the same owner as Roaring Fork and their happy hour is to die for...Anyways...their menu...The potstickers are just something different that you would not expect...and they are delicious!  I love the crab cake too!  A guilty pleasure is the bacon wrapped shrimp with goat cheese and the onion rings!! OMG!!  I cannot get enough of the lobster tacos too!!  I could just have the appetizers for dinner!  I do often!  Also, I love the Fuji Apple Salad because the candied walnuts just make you want more and more and more...the dressing just tops it all off...Now the entrees that I love are the Crab stuffed shrimp with the vinaigrette...It is FABULOUS!!  Of course...if you love lobster tail this is the place to get it!  You get two of them!  Now make sure that it is the right season because they are not cheap, but they are so worth it!The sides to get are the twice baked potatoes, truffled mac and cheese, and sauteed spinach!  They are fantastic!
This is your run-of-the-mill sports bar that caters to the not-so-blue-collar 30something crowd of Chandler.  The ambiance is nice, darker, big screen TVs everywhere... the waitresses are attractive (a staple at these types of places) and they are friendly and attentive... ours was on this very day.  It's Beer Week in AZ this week and they had just hosted a SanTan event (pub crawl) today as part of Beer Week, so they were understandably out of SanTan Devil's Ale and the place was quite quiet when we arrived at 5pm. We got seated at the patio where the have a nice little Bocce ball area and it was nice to enjoy the great Phx February weather.Alright, so we ordered burgers as we were both in the mood for a sizable piece of beef, hopefully topped with bacon and other yummies.  They did a pretty good job for being a sports bar, but not impressive. They claim their meat is fresh ground, though when that's the case, the patty has a different type of form and is less flat and compacted.. okay, maybe they grind it in the AM and then stockpile patties for the day.. that's fine.  The bacon (I ordered the #9 All Star - cheddar, bacon, beef) was lame... thin, a bit stale-tasting, and not crispy.  The cheese was fine.  I did like that the meat was char-broiled and so it has a good taste to it.  Also, the inside wasn't over cooked and the bread they served it on was kinda sweet and giant... tasty, actually.The sides were blaaaah.. cole slaw was really boring and had literally 3 ingredients (white cabbage, carrots, sugary mayo) something I would expect from Chili's or Denny's.Well, the burger hit the spot but the rest was plain and boring.  The Stella was not as cold as I prefer.  Our staff was very good.  So far, an OK place to visit, but a 4 star place is somewhere I will likely go out of my way to visit.. this didn't make the cut.
I still really love coming to LGO...especially to relax on their patio with some good food and good drink. I love that LGO sells Framboise and I love the hectic and busy atmosphere. HOWEVER, the time has come for me to drop a star. I am a regular fixture at LGO and lately have noticed that they seem to be running out of some of my favorite items on a regular basis. For example, the MJ Cookie...it is one of the few items that makes my mouth water at just the thought of it. It's like a brownie and cookie rolled into one. So heavenly. Unfortunately, LGO has been out of the MJ Cookie 4 out of my last 5 visits. And these visits are at all different times of the day/week. I know they get busy and I know a restaurant can run out, but it seems to happen so frequently and every time it's a big, BIG let down. And sadly, the cookie is not the only item that they run out of regularly. Lately, I've had a hard time finding the pre-made salads that I like too.My other issue just occurred and I cannot seem to pull myself out of the depression that it has caused. They no longer serve the green chile mac and cheese! Seriously. When I stopped in recently for lunch, I was so disappointed that this has been removed from the menu that I thought about walking out. I know that seems like a silly reaction to macaroni and cheese, but their green chile mac and cheese was by far one of the best items I found on their menu. Their sandwiches are tasty, but almost impossible to hold together. Their pizzas have great fresh ingredients, but always seem to be lacking something. And now this...no more mac and cheese. And they're always out of MJ cookies! It is a sad sad day at LGO. =(
I finally tried Spicy Pickle last week. I like the name and was intrigued about their menu. Paninis, soups, salads, pizzetas, nothing out of the ordinary. I had a half sandwich ( Sausalito Bandido?), half salad combo( Spinach salad). Food was fresh and good. The sandwich could have stand a little more meat, it was truly flat. The salad was crisp and dressing was on the side, which I appreciated.  On my way out I got a chocolate chip cookie that was OK. I love cookies and they have to be pretty bad for me not to like them. This one, I kid you not, must have had maybe 3-4 chocolate chips? So if you're craving chocolate, this is not the cookie for you.
Dear Weather & Coffee,I'm really sorry you had to close.  We had a lot of good times together.  Every time I came in, you always seemed really happy to see me... even though you knew me by the wrong name.  I may be Kelly to everyone else, but I'll always be Aubrey to you.
This place was just 'eh' to me!  I was just whelmed, not over or under!  The service at the bar leaves little to be desired!  I am not sure what it is about Scottsdale restaurants thinking they have to be snobby to people.  We ordered drinks from an un-friendly bartender and then waited another 20 minutes to even be acknowledged again!  The food was ok!  The bf had the berrimundi which he liked but wasn't wild about the side it came with.  I had the meatloaf, which was good.  The gravy and mashed potatoes had a great creamy flavor.  My sister had the lamb burger with fries that were cold and not very tasteful.  There is not much on the wine list either.I probably would not come back here because I dont think it was worth the hour wait for the crappy service at the bar.  I would rather venture down the road to Olive and Ivy.
Concept is great.  Stores are cool, but expensive.  Lunch was a bummer!  Ordered chicken salad sandwich and the tiny sandwich on a great roll with the tiniest amount of chicken salad was disappointing.  For that money I expected at least a regular sized sandwich.  Glad we tried it, but won't eat there again.
I've been back a few times since the last review but the most notable was to see DJ Z-Trip. He was awesome, no complaints there.Bar Smith though? They failed on so many levels. I got there sometime between 10:30 and 11:00 and there was about a 20 minute wait out front. Not the end of the world or anything but after finally getting in, there was a sea of bodies and another very long wait. About 50 people were lined up by the stair case waiting to get upstairs. There was a bouncer not allowing anyone up there until people would slowly trickle out. Why they put Z-Trip on the patio, I don't know. It's the size of a shoe box and was clearly to capacity before 11 PM. FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL!! I was in various lines roughly 50 minutes and still hadn't made it upstairs. Forget about stepping out of line to get a drink because you'd lose your place. The short of it is I paid for pre sale tickets, managed to get there at a decent time, and still had to wait close to an hour just to get in the same room as the guy. It was a total let down. At that point I was so ready to just walk out and ask for my money back. They clearly oversold the event and didn't give much thought about their patrons who paid money to see this DJ. They were going to fit every last body into that place if it killed them...and everyone else in there. After finally getting upstairs there were so many bodies, no one could move at all. It was a total clusterfuck. I finally made it to the back bar and stood in line for 10 minutes just to find out their card reader broke earlier in the night. Fantastic. No signs saying it was a cash bar, that would have been a nice gesture. Also, the bathrooms were downstairs, so forget about having to pee AT ALL during the 2+ hours you're there. If you had to go, you better hold it, otherwise you'd be waiting in line for another 30 minutes just to get back up. By the time Z-Trip came on, the sound was bass heavy and mildly distorted. I inched my way to various parts of the patio but the sound didn't get any better, so my partner and I said fuck it and went downstairs for the rest of the night. Thankfully they were playing his set downstairs and upstairs. At least people could move more easily downstairs. Plus the sound was better. And the bathrooms were actually accessible. Even at the end of the night, there were people standing in line waiting to get upstairs. Bar Smith gets a huge "F" as far as I'm concerned. I won't be back to this place for any headlining DJ. They obviously don't know how to run an event.
Not impressed and probably won't be back. I came for lunch and was immediately turned off by the lighting and décor. I sat down and began to peruse the menu when I saw "Ask server for bento box selection". I asked the server and he looked at me as though I had grown a third eye. He told me they didn't have bento boxes.. I showed him the menu to which he said "hmff that's weird". None of the lunch items on the menu struck my fancy so I ordered the lunch special. I got the chicken katsu, it was over fried, hard and dry. The accompanying mammas roll had an overwhelming mayo flavor. And guess what? It came in a bento box. There are a ton of great sushi spots in this area so Shogun really needs to step it up to be in line with their competition. (Thank God for Yasu's!)
My experience here was awesome from start to finish.  I was greeted by an extremely friendly, smiling man (I believe to be the owner) who helped me with my order decision, took my order, then asked me to "please, sit down, be at home".  Awesome.I inquired about the salad and asked if they put any feta on the salad (they don't), he followed up informing me the sauce they serve has dairy, but that he would substitute garlic sauce instead.... now this might not seem like much, but to someone who has food allergies like myself, having someone with intimate knowledge of the ingredients and the care to make sure they don't serve you anything that might not agree with you is really a blessing and gives you assurance when you eat there.  Huge bonus.I had a half chicken shawarma and  half gyros plate which came with hummous, salad, rice, cucumber (substituted instead of pita since I don't eat wheat... nice touch) and a side of garlic sauce.  I do not normally enjoy chicken shawarma, but he insisted I try.  Well, he was right, I will say now I love chicken shawarma, Aladdin's chicken shawarma.  Their gyros was awesome too.. homemade, not the typical Kronos Meat Cone variety.  I paid after my meal and was welcomed back with a handshake.  Service was awesome, food was awesome, and they were able to easily cater to my picky food needs.  A+!
This hole in the wall quite possible has the best Chinese food in Phoenix.Deffinitely the best Wor Won Ton soup and pork Egg Foo Young.Great for carry out and they have a large delivery area!
As much of a sweet tooth that i have (dark decadent chocolate is my weakness)..Toffee was never my thing ,never on my mind ..And then i sampled Goodytwo's toffee ..wowzer !Sweet and salty toffee is regoddamndiculously good ..seriously good !They have a toffee topped popcorn ..these gals are killing me ..oh ,oh the twozels sinfully delish magical pretzel mix with kettle corn ,nuts and chocolate .Listen ,you can't put a price on happiness ,ha ha Everyone i love is getting their stockings stuffed with a box of salty-sweet love from Goodytwo's.Nothing more delicious or sexy ,ya sexy then a salty sweet combo ..it is a heavenly pairing ..Goodytwo's has perfected this,worth every penny !Rock on ladies !
The classic example of why we need half stars.  Doesn't merit a four star endorsement but slightly better than the three star Meh.  The hot dogs are decent but you'd expect more due to the pedigree of the owners.  The place also doesn't feel well put together and like it's been neglected in recent times.
When I think of Richardson's, I feel warm and cozy inside.  I've been on several occasions and I love the atmosphere... I always have a good time at this hidden little gem of the city.The 'Cuisine of New Mexico' is unique... they are known for their green chile potato as well as several other pork dishes.  I usually go for the fish or seafood specials... they have a standard menu and then specials posted on chalk boards around the restaurant.Most recently I enjoyed the blackened scallop appetizer as my entree along with a huge house salad.  The scallops were a little bit salty but cooked just right.  They were served on a tortilla with rice, beans, and a yummy spicy sauce.  Their salads are really tasty, and many of the entree specials come with a starter salad.  I went with a group of 4 and we had a couple of bottles of wine and a plain pizza as an appetizer to share.  Needless to say, none of us had room for dessert!Be prepared for a crowd whenever you go, but enjoy your company and the people around you.  Call ahead and make a reservation if you can...  if you do have to wait, sit at the bar or by the fireplace; you can't complain once you have a drink in hand and the scent of the fire mixed with hot food and good energy.  I'll be back again soon, Richardson's!
I'm a huge fan of Grimaldi's Pizza.  The Better Half and I stopped in here for dinner and we had a huge appetite.....which is dangerous in a Pizza joint for me.I ordered:Caprese Salad - $7Personal Sized Pizza ($9) with:Sundried Tomatoes - $4Red Peppers - $4Ricotta Cheese - $2Mushrooms - $2Jalapenos - $2http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=DZ7xu0LF2IIg2_dI1c_CrAThe Better Half ordered a personal sized Pizza ($9) with:Pepperoni - $2Mushrooms - $2Feta Cheese - $2Basil - $2http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=1PaOTe8Ys9uJUP3u4DjHiQYeah, all toppings are al la carte here....so it's not cheap.  The Pizza was awesome!  I enjoyed every bite.  The combination of the sweet taste of Sun Dried Tomatoes combined with the spicy kick of Jalapenos mixed in with Ricotta, Mushrooms, and Red Peppers hit the spot!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=l4mZAt7mXpslp4LqexFy5gThe Better Half enjoyed her Pizza too.  Since I'm on my no Meat diet, I took her word for it....as much as I was tempted to give it a try, I resisted....maybe next time.To wash it down, she had 2 glasses of Brazin Zinfandel $8 ea, I had 2 O'douls $4 ea.  All in, the dinner was $72 before tip.Overall, it was a nice dinner.  I finished my food, she took home 1/2 of her Pizza.Return Factor - 100%
I finally tried out Valle Luna on Sunday.  I must say that the food is authentic and one of the better Mexican restaurants in the Valley.  The salsa and chips are homemade and simply tasty.  I had the fish tacos that were fried and came with cabbage and soft shells - delicious.The waitress that served me was attentive.  I must say that the seating did take a while and I was one of two people in line, hence no five star here.  The portions were decent, the tacos could have had more fish in them.Overall I am pleased with the restaurant and you will be too.
Me and my sis were greeted with a pleasant smile and I like the whole $5 part with the coke and fries. I dont really enjoy drinking soda but I'll take it anyway especially if its fruity, they have all the old school pop in cans Shasta and RC I should learn to take more pics but this place is cramped inside and I may be claustrophobic. I had the portabello mushroom burger see pic it had rice and all this other stuff that just kinda fell out all over the place it was super messy but pretty tasty. The fries are soggy which ordinarily we wouldnt eat but they were really good we couldnt stop eating them. We sat on the back patio and got checked on by I am assuming was the owner she asked how we liked it, was way nice I love the friendliness of the place we left hekka full and happy! Next time we go we will probably just share an order of fries though.
I've been a Da Vang devotee for years and wanted to try a new Vietnamese place tonight and Pho Thanh didn't fall short. In fact, I think I might like this place a little better than Da Vang, but I'll rotate between the two since they're both so good.First off, the portions are gigantic! The Bun bowl could easily serve two and I had tons of leftovers for lunch tomorrow. They use the fat rice noodles instead of the vermicelli, but I think it made the dish a little heartier and certainly easier to eat with chopsticks.Hubby had the Pho and the broth was amazing! Savory, a little salty, and the spices were perfect. Perfect to warm your bones on a rainy day.The restaurant was more of a cafe style than family sit down, but exceptionally clean and the service was great. There was quite a diverse crowd in there for a Sunday night and everyone's dishes looked fantastic.
Can someone please tell me why people go here???Went to breakfast with Deb L, and she had a Living Social deal or one of those deal thingies. The place was packed, probably because it's a holiday week.That doesn't excuse the EXTREMELY poor service. We sat down and waited. And waited. Servers walked by every few moments, nobody stopped to fill our water glasses or take our order. Finally, we both said something to a girl who walked by. She seems mystified that there was a job to do. With that many people working, getting a cup of coffee shouldn't take 15 minutes. Yes. 15 freaking minutes.Food? Mediocre at best. I got the traditional eggs benedict with home fries. The only saving grace with the amount of ham on it. The English muffin didn't seem to be toasted. The eggs were *ok* but nothing great. The home fries? My 9-year old niece could do a better job. My burps right now aren't even good enough to brag about.I'm sure if the service had been better, I wouldn't be so miserable right now. My food coma isn't satisfying. I will *never* go here again. Ever. I felt stupid leaving a tip, it was THAT bad. Total. Fail. Blech.
Located in the W Hotel in Old Town Scottsdale, this hipster hangout is always busy.  I recommend a reservation if you're planning to dine here.  The Better Half and I drop in here from time to time.  Since I don't eat Sushi, I order:Ji-Dori Chicken Skewers withTeriyaki Sauce - $10http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=x_60nAIMvJX9k_s9HAPiOAFilet Mignon wrapped Asparagus with Soy Mirin Sauce - $15http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=19cHPtx8ahwZTPC5xIARFQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=_4XhXTuYKQnypHmylm-mQgAnd for Dessert, a warm Chocolate Cake...yum!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=KoyBtoSTBrhM2dLD8zs_PAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=iKBiwthdGtENIqWfGK1V1AThe Chicken Skewers are very tasty.  The Teriyaki Sauce they are glazed are sweet and have the right amount of "sour" kick to it to balance the flavor.  The Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus is awesome...the Filet is tender and juicy and the Asparagus compliments it well.  Of course, the Chocolate Cake dessert is a nice ending for the meal.The service can be a bit slow at times, depends on the server.  Generally speaking, it's pretty good considering how busy they are.The people watching here is pretty good...watching all of the hipsters is hilarious.Return Factor - 93%
Great Italian food with portions designed to share.And it was a good thing our waiter brought that to our attention (he must have heard our comments on the prices).  We ordered 2 half portions and one full (lobster ravioli, a brick of lasagna, and something else I couldn't pronounce) and it was just enough for the 4 of us.  After the alcohol we even kept the bill under $100.  I would definately recommend this place, just be sure to bring a few friends and an appetite!
Now open on Saturdays!!!! Yes!!!!!
This was my first time visiting Tandoori Times.  After seeing it advertised on Groupon, I thought I'd give it a try.  My friend and I decided to go for lunch to celebrate her birthday.  It was very busy, which was promising.  The waitress was on her second day working there and was unfamiliar with the menu, but she was friendly.  The house salad was mediocre, the entree (Algoo Gobi) was delicious, but the desserts were AWFUL.  The "mango" ice cream was a neon orange and tasted nothing like mango, or any flavor of ice cream Id ever tasted actually (kinda vanilla, kinda puke).  YUCK.  The rice pudding was not worth eating either.  The worst part of the experience was being followed out into the parking lot, after leaving the Groupon and cash tip, to be told that we needed to come speak with management about not ordering at least $40 worth of food!  Really?  I told the waiter that we had spent just over $30, and we obviously didn't expect any cash back from the $40 Groupon.  He said his manager was "fussy" and wouldn't like it.  I basically told him that was too damn bad, and that I wasn't ordering $10 more in food; I was actually kinda saving them $10! He finally figured out what I was saying and left us alone.  I did end up calling the manager though, who was not pleased to hear about our experience with the dumb waiter. I don't foresee returning there.
When I say a certain food contains ingredients such as blue cheese and bacon, what comes to mind?No, I'm not talking about a salad, I'm talking about an ice cream sundae!Sweet Republic is an awesome little ice cream parlor located in a strip mall in Scottsdale, Arizona. This amazing place makes all their ice creams and sorbets in house. Sweet Republic makes some pretty creative flavors. These are just a few examples of what we sampled:Basil Lime SorbetSalted Butter CaramelApple PieDessert HoneyMaple PecanAlmond ButtercrunchCashew TurtleAll of these flavors were wonderful but there was one more that really got me all hot and bothered, and that was their Honey Blue Cheese. That's right, Blue Cheese ice cream. When I first saw it, I did not know what to think but after my first lick I was hooked. It tasted just like a sweet vanilla / honey ice cream with blue cheese crumbles mixed into it. I know it sounds weird but this ice cream is phenomenal. It was sweet, tangy and somewhat salty, all at the same time. Instead of just enjoying this ice cream alone I decided to make my own blue cheese sundae. They have many toppings to choose from, including bacon brittle. When all was said and done my creation contained two scoops of their Honey Blue Cheese ice cream topped with a salted caramel sauce, bacon brittle and a homemade marshmallow that was toasted with a blow torch. This sundae was exploding with flavor. Every bite was crunchy, salty, sweet, tangy and delicious. My fiancé had a waffle cone sundae that contained Salted Butter Caramel ice cream, Almond Buttercrunch ice cream, salted caramel sauce, brownie bites and a homemade marshmallow. Hers was also amazing.The service and prices here were both great. The girl working the night we visited allowed us to sample as many flavors as we wanted and was really friendly and patient with us. The prices here are similar to  Coldstone's. I'm absolutely in love with Sweet Republic and would seriously make a special trip to Scottsdale just to have their ice cream. I shouldn't be telling you all this, for fear that you all would think I'm a pig but I liked their Honey Blue Cheese ice cream so much that after I finished my sundae I ordered a Honey Blue Cheese milkshake to go. It was so yummy!
Great happy hour deals here! I loved the Cotija grilled corn and BBQ pork cheese crisp and was extremely jealous of my friend's order of the shrimp and corn cheese crisp that she enjoyed. Drinks were yummy and reasonable. I can't wait to come back to order that shrimp and corn cheese crisp and maybe some fresh guacamole.
I am really surprised by the previous reviews here. This has been at the airport for many years now.  There is a lot of other places for food, and this is one of the BEST!They have a huge menu, i think and you can even get breakfast.The prices have even gone down. You can get a full meal for under $6.00.That is a screaming deal at Sky Harbor airport. Hard to choose a favorite, but Chicken Delight is really good!! With red or green sause.  Their Salsa is excellent as well. We sometimes get it to go, when through with a trip for our journey home. Hey then you don't have to cook!
So, I have to admit that I once threw up in the Pita Jungle bathroom, but it was not Pita Jungle's fault - it was definitely something I ate the night before.  It certainly made for a memorable first date experience with my now husband, and we have been back many many times.Oh, how I love Pita Jungle.  I haven't tried anything that I wouldn't have again in a heartbeat - currently I am hooked on the Potato Pizza.  yummy!Their breakfast options are wonderful - definitely try it on a lazy Sunday morning.  There is usually no wait.The ambiance is fantastic, casual and arty, with a little bit of crunchy granola thrown in.A++ for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  Eat hummus and pita.  Try falafel.  Try anything on the menu, because it is all good.
I've gone back a few times since my last review. Every single experience has been fantastic! The burgers are pretty good, BUT do yourself a favor and get the pork tenderloin OMFG!!! Sooooo freaken amazing! Also their onion rings are pretty much perfect! And the fried cheese curd...just get it! I was a little creeped out eating something called cheese curd, but holy deliciousness!
I love this place. I sit in the bar and as one other reviewer noted, there is always someone interesting there to start up a conversation. The burgers are top dawg, the condiment bar allows me to fulfill my jalepeno quota, the wings are perfection, and the drinks are reasonable. When the weather is nice, grab a table outside. The service is a smidge slower, but the courtyard more than makes up for it. If the weather is warm settle in and enjoy whatever game they have playing (if you aren't seeing your team, just ask and they will happily turn at least one set for you).
Not good. The patio is top notch for relaxing if the weather's good but I couldn't shake that chain feeling when inside. Table and chairs had a slightly sticky feeling to them (nice, eh?). Food was typical pre-cooked, oven heated dollop of too much grease and cheese. Not impressed. It's a shame cause the garden and even the nachos & salsa had me expecting big things.
Some colleagues invited me for lunch the other day and decided to pick this place.  It was my first visit.  After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided to order the California Wrap (Spinach, Tomatoes, Avocado, Feta Cheese, Sun-Dried Tomato Vinaigrette Dressing, Tomato Basil Tortilla, $8.95) with a side of Cole Slaw & Iced Tea.I took one bite out of the California Wrap and was in Heaven!!!  The sweet flavor of Sun-Dried Tomato Vinaigrette Dressing was a perfect compliment to the Feta Cheese & Avocado....the Cole Slaw was amazing too!  What a great combo!The only knock on this experience is that the service was kind of slow.  We had to constantly look for our waiter....to order.....to ask for extra napkins.....to get refills....to get our check.  Maybe we caught him on a bad day?  Because I enjoyed my meal so much, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.Return Factor - 92%
It has been awhile since I have visited the Dubliner. The only reason I haven't frequented the place lately is because I don't live near them anymore so I can't just either walk home or call a cab for 5 min ride. However there drinks are strong and cheap! Either that or the bartender was being very friendly on the few times I have visited :) The food is not to shabby either. I mean you can't possibly mess up fish and chips. Hmm fish and chips. So go, check it out, but remember if you have too many, call a cab. Did I mention that their drinks are strong and cheap! #winwin!
What an awesome sushi place! I highly recommend How do You roll, if you want some sushi done quickly and freshly and without wait. what a novel idea. I want to thank the manager Amanda for taking good care of me, can't wait to come back again!
I'm being on the generous side in giving MEBAD (as I've seen others refer to this place) 4 stars...It's kind of a unique gem that you don't see anymore with the owner at the register and a slamming lunch business in addition to the grocery items for sale that are rare foods, snacks, and ingredients from the Middle East.  I suggested this place for lunch with Amy D today after reading about it on Yelp awhile back... so happy I finally made it there myself!As Amy said in her review, we shared the baba ganoush and hummus plate and we each ordered a Greek Salad.  The salad was decent but nothing special, but the baba and hummus with the whole wheat pita was so damn tasty that we didn't even leave a bite.The free cup of homemade daily lemonade was a perk and the owner was really sweet... and I really did like the flavor of it.  I happen to love lemonade!I'll for sure return to MEBAD when I'm in the area to try more from their menu... this is the kind of place you want people to know about since you can tell how much work the owner and staff put into it each day.  If you haven't been, stop by... maybe I'll see you there - but please don't ask me to share my baba ganoush and hummus with you - I'm ordering my own next time!
There are so many good things for me to say about this place that I have no idea where to begin.The ambiance is so amazing no matter what time of day you go. The small, intimate bar area (with quite a few pretty men!) is lovely on a sunny day out, while the tables inside are the perfect place for a romantic date. The menu is so great, carrying lots of new age food items (quinoa, black forbidden rice bowl, kale,and lots of dishes carrying local food items). It does make me very sad that they do not have a lot of vegetarian/vegan menu items. One time I tried to order the wood-fired vegetables and the waiter *swore* it was vegan. As soon as I tasted it I knew it had butter on it, and the waiter subsequently learned he had no idea what "vegan" meant. We ended up having to call a manager over.The cocktail menu is so interesting it's hard to decide what to get. My favorite is the Dark and Stormy, which has ginger beer. *the BEST* cocktail around IMO. Do not pass up dessert. The bananas foster is amazing! Not traditional but good in and of its own.
Asi-Asi ,Menza-Menza,Comme ci Comme ca...you get the jist .So -so ..(a solid so-so ).He liked the taco's ,i liked the steak salad ( it had a nice little kick to it) Service was good.The atmosphere just wasn't my cup of tea ,that said ,i can see why some people like it here .Drinks were solid,menu was decent .Good place to get hammered ,I suppose.I had a Pinneapple mind eraser that was ......
Huh. I guess it's a love it or hate kind of place. Me? I love it. But put butter on a shoe and I might just kiss you. Oh butter, is there anything you can't do? Is there?This is one of the high roller places in Scottsdale. I saw a guy take a wad of Benjis out of his pocket that seriously made me consider rolling him. But my boss might have objected. Damn boss.It's all about service and steak here. And I'm down with that. We had crab legs for an appetizer. Quite nice for a land-locked state. Fresh and tasty. A tomato salad with sharp onion that I enjoyed. And shared a porterhouse the size of my... yes. My ass. If one could give a nice slap to a porterhouse, this would be quite a spankable piece of meat. I love the way you can hear your steak coming to your table in all it's sizzling glory. The first thing to hit your nose is the lovely perfume of the butter. Chanel # Yum. Then that aroma of the meat. I know we had a couple of sides. But I honestly can't remember because the steak was so freaking perfect. To a corn-fed born and bred midwestern girl this is perfection. The service is near perfect too. Our waitress gave us a wine selection for the steak that was spot on. Not too tanic. Not too tame. Held up nicely against the butter and the porterhouse. At the end of the meal I was I nearly unable to move. And that says a whole lot. I've been known to out eat grown men without batting an eye. Oh, and if you don't like butter on your steak? Three words. "Hold the butter." May save you some pain.
My favorite thing about this place is the decor. It is crazy beautiful.I also like that you can get better than average bar food until late and there are so many places to sit, you'll never have an issue with waiting.Their food is okay, but nothing spectacular. I used to live in Arcadia, and I miss it every day. If I were to move back to Phoenix/Scottsdale- I would never even consider a different neighborhood. Across the board, it is the friendliest and most beautiful neighborhood in Maricopa County.That being said- The Vig represents the lame element of the neighborhood. People with too much money and bad taste. I think someone else called it "schmoozy" and that's exactly it!As a neighbor, we usually rode our bikes- so I can't speak to parking. Do they not still have the shuttle?Give me The Great Escape, JTs or Postinos any day.
I personally will never eat there again.The chips are actually amazing though, I would eat those a lot if it didnt require me stpping foot in the ultimate bro/slut restaurant.The food is gross, the tortillas are ok, I like the decor actually, but the employees are slutty (and by slutty I saw skirts soo short if they picked something off the floor you for sure would see vagina)Apparently the uniform is jean skirts and heels.This is the male glittery shirt wearing capitol of Scottsdale. The food sucks, dont eat here!
Service was great, and always an interesting time on a late Saturday night.
I'm sad to say that I wasn't in love with MacAlpine's.  The fact that the building has never been restored is cool, in a dirty kind of way.  The floors will never be clean enough, because they are so old.  That may seem ridiculous, but cleanliness is important to me when I'm eating somewhere.Our server was odd, but helpful and attentive.  We spent a good amount of time oogling the random items displayed throughout and were entertained with our surroundings.The food is where I saw the problem- my Mac Cheeseburger was bland and tasteless.  My broccoli and cheese soup was below average.  I wasn't impressed one bit.We ended up having dessert.  I opted for a single scoop of Chocolate Malt Krunch, which I'd never had before and didn't love (total personal preference as my friend loved it).  MacAlpine's is cool, but I think purely as a place to get something sweet.
I found Lisa G's while driving through phoenix with a friend. The exterior looked promising and we prepared ourselves for a treat. We were in for a a shock! We ordered the antipasto plate and while there were serious issues with it, it turned out to be the best thing we were served. I ordered the chicken rolatini (the special of the day) and it was just plain bad! The chicken was dry and under seasoned, the Rosemary potatoes were soggy  and the veggie medley  (squash, corn, green beans, etc.) was over cooked and the juices spilled over into the potatoes. It was one of the worst $17 meals that I have ever had! My friend ordered the veggie salad and it was one literal hot mess. Just horrible food! I see that others had the mini burgers and bowl of balls and found them to be tasty. I wish I had ordered those. As it is this is one place I would never revisit or recommend to a friend!
Great outdoor patio, couches, big bar, tables, great burgers, huge side of crunchy fries and they carry sweet tea vodka. Do not order the sangria, unless you like it super sweet. I don't, I'm sweet enough already.
Eh.It's alright. If you want to have a couple of drinks and watch chicks make complete fools of themselves on the mechanical bull, be my guest.  For food and other, don't bother.I suppose the crowd is a nice change of pace amongst Old Town's usual suspects but if you go expecting a bunch of cowboys (and cowgirls), best to turn around and go up north.  Somewhere.  Far.The food's crap, the service (at least the server we had) was nice but a little slow (or deaf? or on something?). I will give it 3 stars, 1 for crowd, 1 for entertainment, and 1 for just being different.  Word of advice, skip the nachos my friends.*** Edit: My boyfriend would probably give this place 5 stars for the music they play.  Lot's of rock, some heavy metal, old hair bands, and some new stuff mixed in there.  No Rap.I give it that much.  It was definitely good music.
Shortly after I wrote my 3 star review, Christopher contacted me. He was very apologetic about our experience and wished that we had enjoyed our meal more.  He immediately offered to refund us the cost of the meal because we weren't 100% satisfied.After discussing his offer with my friends, we decided to take a 50% refund.  Let me just say that I was personally a little uncomfortable with this because while I have received refund/free meal offers from other businesses in the past, I've never taken them up on it.  I don't think it's about the money and I certainly don't write reviews to elicit free meals.  However, since the 3 of us split the cost of the meal evenly, I felt that it would only be fair if I took my friends' suggestions into account. Anyway, the refund check arrived in the mail yesterday.  I decided to upgrade my review to 4 stars given the overall experience.  It's rare to find business owners who value their customers as much as Christopher.
the food is excellent but the waiters and waittresses need to get fired. some standouts on the menu are the hummus app, the greek platter (hummus, pita, and all that other stuff everyone knows but can't pronounce), the chicken wrap thing and the gigantor fruit salad. make sure you don't go on a friday night with a group of  8, otherwise you'll have to wait 45 minutes only to be sqozen into a table for 4.
I'm glad I made a second trip to Papago before writing a review, because they have redeemed themselves from my original visit. The problem with my first visit was two-fold: 1) The beers that were most interesting to me had run dry; 2) The food I ordered was pretty hard to grunt down. And although I sat at the bar with my compadre and tried to make conversation with the bartender about the different beers offered, it was fairly one-sided. I did not get a dose of craft beer expertise from what is arguably a brewpub that showcases a true love for beer.So regardless of the less-than-stellar first visit, I still was impressed with the selection of draft beer especially the regional offerings. The built-in beer coolers are also a testament to a great place to sample different labels. The one thing I must caution others against is the food. The steak sandwich I ordered (with special gardiniera) was pretty lousy. The beef had a precooked-then frozen-then reheated quality. The gardiniera was essentially all jalapeños and too fiery to eat... I had to scrape a fair amount of them off to make it edible. I had a good time drinking some decent beers with my friend, but we both regretted our food choice.My return visit restored my faith. The beer list was current and updated. There was a large variety of new draft beers to choose from, and my group ordered two pizzas. This place has delicious pizza! Our waiter was especially knowledgeable about the beers being offered and was able to help us choose especially interesting ones. I like the atmosphere and crowd at Papago and intend to return. But I will definitely stick to the pizza.
This place was the answer to my German grocery shopping dreams! I thank the Yelp community for leading me to Old Heidelberg. I was picking up a number of items for an Oktoberfest party I was cooking for and hosting at my house, and was able to fulfill most of my exotic German needs at this one stop. I picked up pumpernickel rye bread, authentic concentrated Maggi Würze seasoning (not the soy sauce-tasting stuff you find in most American grocery stores) and Knorr zwiebel-kräuter salat krönung. They also had lots of Knorr sauce mixes that you just can't find over here (for instance,  sauerbraten gravy).I stuck around for a few minutes to talk to the two women who ran the place (Andrea and Chris). I volunteered that I had lived in Germany for years, including Berlin and Bavaria.  They were totally friendly and even suggested some other places nearby that I could check out for German grub or rarer German beer selections. I promised I would be back... especially since I spotted that they had frozen leberknödel (liver dumplings). I made these once from scratch years ago but that was a lot of work. Knowing that they carry such delicacies has snagged me hook, line and sinker, as I am now destined to return and once again indulge my German food fantasies.
Oh Porter, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways... I had a, ah, as in just one, porter and was feelin' fine. And I was extremely glad to have the sweet potato fries instead of the regular ones with my sammie. Our waitress was pleasant, prompt and next time I'm going to ask to be seated outside or at a high top table. Our booth was great for chatting with my friend, but I like a little people watching at the pub!Now, if you are avoiding SunUp because you remember that there used to be something called  the Sonora Brewhouse in that same space.... You're in luck!! The brewmaster, Uva, is still there, still brewing his witches draught. But now, you won't get them confused with the Sonoran Brewing Co. in north Scottsdale. Hooray!
Barrio Cafe is a favorite of mine, the margarita's before you get seated are a must.  When in season the pomegranate guacamole is second to none.  A refreshing escape from the cookie cutter chain restaurants.  When you go go with friends and don't have a schedule as the wait can be long, but worth it.
In a sentence: Culinary Dropout is a foodie mecca with its plush and lux furnishings, amazing location in the heart of Scottsdale but away from the duche-ery of Old Town, on point entrees that range from classic to what I call contemporary chef-y food, and its trendy lil touches like dishtowels for nanpkins and placemat menus. After a short afternoon of shopping, I and the other Musketeers ventured into CD in search of yummy goodness... we weren't disappointed. We scarfed down the Pretzel and cheese fondue. Sorry, I can't remember the exact cheese used, but it tasted like cheez whiz without the nasty chemical aftertaste. Musketeer #1 had the Shrimp Po' Boy sammy and was overwhelmingly awesome! With its fresh baguette, crispy shrimp and cole slaw topping, this po boy claimed to have died several times. The fries were good, I'm sure they are awesome with the steak. Musketeer #2 had the truffle egg scramble. She said that it was good... not bad... but not terrific. We love the truffle, and this did deliver however... it just missed something... je ne sai quai... just something. I stole a bite and concurred... the low point in a overall great meal. and me, Miss Musketeer #3 had the coq a vin... a MUST! If that or braised short ribs are on the menu... they MUST be ordered! That's the rule my friends. My braised chicken was good, kind of on the sweet side, but over all very good, although the chicken did have an odd texture, it seemed to me that it could have used a few more hours in the oven. I think this is a dish best served before closing when all the flavors had their chance to really marry. We arrived at the top of dinner service and so the chicken was done... but barely.Musketeer #2 and I both NEEDED bread and butter, our cooler-than-thou waiter was happy to oblige, even though it took a VERY long time t find him to ask for it in the first place. We capped off the meal with their "famous" Monkey Bread, it was definatly worth going bananas over! Warm, gooey, delicious and crazy sweet with its pull-apart goodness it didn't need the ice cream it was served with, but we certainly weren't about to send it back! The three of us died over that one! To my yelpers I say: if you have the cash to spend (three of us cost a lil over a hundred clams), a few hours spend on dinner (we were there a while) and a NEED to reach foodie nirvana in order to keep from jumping off a cliff into the chain resturant valley... then this is the spot for you! Bring your most expensive IT bag, a pair of oversized shades, maybe a sweater (the outdoor heaters really didn't work) and your most predestroyed designer deconstructed jeans and get ready!! It's gonna be a blast!!
I woke up late on a Saturday, and I was craving Indian food! To my relief, it was almost lunch time! I remembered that there was an Indian restaurant close to me that I had been meaning to try. I headed to Flavors of India to try their lunch buffet. I walked in and I was immediately greeted. I noted the Bollywood videos playing in the background, I love those dang videos. The host was also my waiter. He invited me to help myself to the buffet. I'm not one of those people that knows the names of each and every dish. As I write this I'm kicking myself for not taking notes. As a whole, the buffet was a-ok. Nothing in particular knocked my socks off. I did notice that nothing was powerfully flavorful. It was kind of a "safe" seasoning restaurant. I would visit Flavors of India again. There was plenty of food, the buffet had a lot of variety, and the service was good!
Because sometimes you just want to flip the bird at calorie counting and healthy living.  This valley landmark is the place for satisfying that once in awhile sinful urge to screw up your carefully laid out dietary plans.
Cute place!  Nice drive-thru window.  Adorable, really.  Nice patio-dining/lounging.  Noise-level inside was a little loud, but there were eight people, six of w/c were talkative yelpers (ha!), plus Kyle and Chad, owners of D'lish (who were, btw, easy on the eyes... a great asset for any business!).One special request- please offer Maya Chai!  While Oregon Chai tastes OK, I'm allergic (I suspect there are "natural flavors" involved), and organic Maya Chai is multiple-times better (and, most importantly, I don't recall feeling negative effects after)!Great spot to unwind and rejuvenate.  Will come back soon to try the food!
This place has to get all five stars. Ok, the area is a little suspect I will admit; that can be countered with the excellent food and excellent prices. This is the kind of food that goes for $12 - $15/plate if it were located in an upscale area.  They have done a great job with the interior and the food is really wonderful.5 Top reasons I love La Condesa: ~ Beautiful food. Unique flavors.  ~ Great salsa bar: aver a dozen lovely hand made salsas; I liked them all ~ Price: you can spend under $7 and have a really good meal ~ Convelient: It is only a 2 minute drive from 24th & Camelback. ~ Atmosphere: the interior and the service create a great place to dine.***We eat out several times a week, and this place is now at the top of the list for my wife and I both.***
Cashew brittle, almond brittle, bacon brittle!  Go now, before it's too late!
I liked the tiki theme and torch lights in the patio area. During the past few times that I came here, it was normally packed inside and I always ended up finding a seat outside. Since it was packed the last time I came, getting drinks took a while, but it wasn't too bad. Drinks were cheap and not stingy compared to CA. Music was not the typical main stream songs that you hear on the radio, which wasn't my favorite and the crowd consisted of older professionals. Definitely not a dress up type of lounge, everyone was dressed casually.
Bliss, Delight, Contentment... words to describe our evening Monday night at Sens. I could go into a very fluffy review, but, with a nod to the simple zen-like restaurant, I will only address and highlight. ~Spa Like atmosphere - welcomed and enjoyed.~Attentive, but not aggressive server...great attitude! ~The Bar Menu I expect to see if I go to heaven. ~Homemade infused alcohol.. finally in Phoenix! ~Open kitchen, I was able to watch the chef CRAFT my meal. All items served "tapas" style... great opportunity to try many items! Food is prepared and served to allow the diner to choose the experience... either enjoy the food natural, or enhance with dipping sauces. These are not the heavy, sticky sauces of Pei Wei fame. ~Mango Spring roll.. light, fresh items in rice paper 2 rolls sliced ~Soup Gyoza, 4 little light dumplings filled with pork and a delicate broth..divine! ~Volcano Beef sear your own tender beef strips (5) on the hot stone, then wrap it up in a lettuce leaf with herbs and peanuts,... try a dip of the accompanying sauce...ecstasy, prepare to order 2 they're so good! ~Panko Shrimp - liken to little shrimp "hushpuppys".. very good, but not the highlight of the evening.. Mr Chu could improve upon these in my opinion. ~ Red Thai Curry - 4 unique, yummy curry / coconut milk dipped wings perched on a Asian "slaw" ~Spicy Wontons - Americans will love these.. familiar flavors, with wonderful dipping sauces. No-one in our party was disappointed... everyone was very pleased and anxious to return.  ** Personal Suggestion *** Have a food allergy ?? .. Use common sense when dining. Take personal responsibility and ask questions of your server BEFORE ordering.
This is our new post-hockey game hangout.  It helps that it is in the rink and that our usual server Rachel is prompt.  It helps that she is cute also.  We came the first time on one of it's first nights and it wasn't very busy.  The manager let us play the virtual sports game.  It has hockey, football, soccer, baseball, and golf.  We played for free, but it is rather pricey to use.  It was fun, but I don't think it would be worth using your dollars on.  The bar is owned by the same people who own Overeasy in Phoenix.I have only had the Black Bean Burger so far, but I tell you what.  It is f-ing good!  It has tomato, lettuce, red onion, and avocado.  I don't normally like avocado, but it's creaminess adds to it.  It has just a little bit of spice too. It comes with fries that are good enough.The bar itself has cool interior and has lots of TVs around the place.  The booths even have their own televisions.  There is a large monitor at the front with a Wii hooked up.  I strained my shoulder after last weeks game bowling and playing ping pong.   So if you find yourself cheering on the Rubber Mallets, enjoying an ice skating session, or watching someone at a figure skating competition at the Alltel Ice Den, be sure to stop into 18 Degrees for a brew and a bite.
This is a great place to have a casual meal.  It's obviously a pub atmosphere but it's large enough to accommodate a lot of people without it getting crowded.  They also have many well placed flat screen tvs. (I just wish they would turn on the closed captioning!  Its one thing if you're watching a sporting event but when they have on an analysis show I want to hear the analysis!)   My husband had the beer sampler and enjoyed most of the varieties, the Raj IPA was his favorite (the 8th Street Ale and Kiltlifter are the more popular ones).  We had the soft pretzel appetizer which was ok, but I'm spoiled when it comes to pretzels having lived in Philly and lived on them for my entire college career.   I wish it came with a honey mustard to dip in and not just regular spicy mustard.  I had the French Dip which was solid - not the best I've had but still pretty good.  My husband had the Tap Room Tenderloin sandwich that he enjoyed - the onion straws and bleu cheese were a nice touch.Now this is just stupid.  (Saturday, 4/13) Ring ring ring. . ."Hello, Four Peaks""Hi, will you be showing the Red Sox/Yankees game?""Yes, definitely.""Even though it's being blacked out?""Blacked out?""Yeah, Fox won't be showing the game because the Diamondbacks game is on at the same time.  You're getting an east coast feed?  From NY or Boston?""Feed?""Yeah, you know, you're getting the broadcast from the Fox affiliate in NY or Boston?"". . .Um. . .we'll definitely be showing the game. . .""Ok. . ." Drive to Four Peaks"Hello! Welcome to Four Peaks!  Table for 2?""Yeah, somewhere we can see the Sox/Yankees game.""Oh sorry, it's being blacked out""What?!  But I called 15 minutes ago and you said you were showing it!""No sorry, that Diamondbacks game is on at the same time so we're not getting the Sox/Yankees game""THAT'S WHAT I SAID ON THE PHONE AND YOU SAID YOU WERE SHOWING IT!""Oh, well do you know who you talked to?""It wasn't you?!  I don't know!  Some moron who said you'd be showing the game!" You're not getting my business if you blatantly lie to me just to get me in the door.
This place is so damn tasty.  I love a good burger and I recommend this place highly.  I don't know why I didn't give it 5 stars.. 4.5?  Ok, there we go.I ordered a mushroom Swiss burger and the thing literally melted in my mouth. You have to be careful cause you could literally inhale these things in a matter of seconds.  They are that good!A big plus that his place has is that they sell fried pickles.  I don't know of another small place like this that does.  Veddddy goood.  Thankfully this place is two blocks from my house, so easy access.. lol.
Cibo is a really adorable place, but I can't say that I think it is extraordinary.  The atmosphere and ambiance is totally five star, but too much goes wrong after that to give it an overall five star.  Food stuff:  I've been twice and both times I liked it, but it wasn't love.  We got the bruscetta plate and I wasn't really thrilled.  The traditional tomato one was the most solid choice, the bean one was strange and soggy and I don't eat pig so I can't comment on the third one (though everyone else seemed to enjoy it). The pizzas are pretty decent except that they lay out the toppings in a weird way, for example, if you order the vegetarian rosa pizza, if you like zucchini, it is all chopped up on two slices and so on.  It doesn't really make sense to top a pizza in such a way, to me.  I prefer draft beer over bottled beer, and all they offer is bottled.  I did enjoy a couple glasses of the Rossi Cabernet Sauvignon which was a solid wine choice.Service:  The host/ess was a pleasant person, and the time quoted was less than we actually had to wait so that rocked.  While waiting, we attempted to get a drink.  The bartender was cool about getting our drinks in a timely manner despite the fact that it was busy.  Our actual server was super attentive at first and then lost for a good chunk of time as well.  Too hit or miss.  Cibo is an adorable spot with awesome ambiance but it isn't quite that awesome when it comes to food and service.
This place is absolute perfection.  From the setting to the service to the food, I loved every moment of it.  The only way I found out about this place was through Yelp.  You seriously are my trusty sidekick.  From the previous reviews I was a little worried that it might be packed, but then I remembered it was a Monday night so no worries.Walking in the restaurant, it is quite small, but just absolutely adorable.  It really does feel like an upscale country home.  Wood lines the whole restaurant and they have mini chandeliers hanging over every table.  Even the touches of place setting are just perfect.Our server was Gina and she was a complete sweetheart.  We started off with the Bohemian Sidecar and the Cucumber Vesper.  Both were absolutely delightful!  Then we moved on to appetizers, because while getting drunk is fun, I was really excited for the food.  We had the steak tartare and mussels in the saffron and white wine sauce.  I loved the steak tartare with the potato chips and fried egg on top.  Put fried egg on top of anything and I'm sold.  Put fried egg on top of raw steak and I'm in love!  The mussels came out just as we were finishing up the steak tartare, perfect timing!  The mussels were equally amazing if not more, and I am so sad that they only give one piece of bread!  Well that, along with the bread and butter.  But that still wasn't enough for me!  I wanted to soak up all of that saffron sauce goodness!After Gina cleared that out of our way, she brought out the glass of Bordeaux and Rhone blend.  I hate when I don't have a drink in front of me, and she made sure that never happened.  Then the entrees came.  The pork shoulder with the bacon for my bf, and the stuffed chicken with the pome puree and mushrooms for me.  Again, absolute perfection on both accounts!  I loved the mushrooms that were slightly charred and crispy, with the sauce and the puree and the chicken with goat cheese.  I'm getting hungry again just writing about it.  My bf loved his, but I still maintain that mine was better.  And both of these entrees were incredibly reasonably priced at $15 and $17.  Could life get any better?Well apparently it could!  After we polished off our entrees, then came dessert and after dinner drinks!  We had the souffle which was amazing with the creme anglaise.  And the berries with the creme fraiche.  Heaven in my mouth!  We finished that off with the chocolate martini and the pear tini.This review cannot do this place justice.  This is truly a unique experience that is far above any of the restaurants in Scottsdale.  Please go in and experience this for yourself, you will not be disappointed!
This is a nice asian take-out style restaurant (you can order and sit down too). The portions are pretty big, and they have a good selection. WAAAAAAY better than Pei Wei which is in the same shopping center. The only downside is their breading is a little heavy, but other than that I have enjoyed everything I have tried there.
Most of my excitement and "love" of this place has more to do with what it represents -- not what it is right at this second, but I fully expect that to get better. TFM representing a place in Central Tempe to get basic groceries (all the better that they're local and organic!) without needing access to a car. When I looked up the location, I felt heartsick at the thought that this is right across the street from where the Co-Op used to be. What's there now? An empty dirt lot. The Co-Op was driven out by an over zealous real estate company that, in the boom of condo building, bought the location, driving Co-Op to another spot where it eventually failed. Know what else failed? That condo endeavor. Now, a few years later, we have this budding marketplace with a lot to live up to.My first trip in, I didn't have anything particular I needed, I just wanted to check things out (though I was making enchiladas later that day, so had a few items I was on the look-out for). It's pretty small right now, and in the former building of Jake's Shop, which is also another Tempe staple now gone. But it had the basics such as milk, peanut butter, a small selection of produce -- local, of course -- cheese and even some gift-type items for sale in the back. I picked up some green onions (99 cents for a bunch) and red peppers ($1.29/ea), and thought those prices were exact with a chain grocery. And bread - this is my favorite part of the store! A big selection of sliced wheats and grains, and rolls and longer Ciabatta styles too. And the favorite of my favorite? Fresh "Made this morning!" tortillas! They looked delicious, and were HUGE. The size of a large pizza, they came in flavored varieties for making yummy wraps.When I checked out ($5 minimum for credit card purchases, and a sign said "EBT coming soon"), I was offered another red pepper from a basket by the register because this small batch was about to go bad. So instead of letting them and then throwing them away, they *give* them away with each purchase - wonderful! Oh, and I was surprised and pleased to see a small corner of the store set up with a couple small tables and a couch, all within view of a large flat screen playing Alice in Wonderland. Sure enough, a kid sat there, out of the way and quiet, while is parents shopped. Both parents and the childless thank the owners for THAT kid haven, I'm sure.I really look forward to coming in again and again and watching this place grow and thrive.p.s. I highly recommend becoming a fan of their FB page, so you can get daily info about what they just got in, specials, new additions, etc.
For those who gave this place low marks, forgive me. I really like this place. Now I haven't tried various dim sum places so I'm reserving the right to downgrade the place as needed. The variety of food is plentiful, and the carts just keep on coming. I love the steamed pork buns, and the shiu mai (not sure if I spelled that correctly). Yesterday, my favorite pick was the deep fried rolls of taro and shrimp. YUM! I have never ordered from their menu so I can only talk about their dim sum. My friends and I try to go eat dim sum almost every Sunday. It's a cheap way to try new foods, and if you don't like it, well.. you can get away with pushing it aside with minimal guilt. Give it a try! You might be surprised.
I have been coming here since discovering them after their opening week last year and I haven't stopped coming back. The food is predominantly Filipino; the Filipino-Mexican fusion comes in the burritos, flautas and quesadillas filled with Filipino meat dishes. A great starter would be the Chicken Adobo burrito. Karey's does it right by not dumping rice and fillings inside the burrito; they're served on the side. For those more interested in rice plates and combinations, Karey's serves daily prepared dishes such as Pork Adobo and Chicken Adobo (pork or chicken simmered in garlic and soy vinaigrette) and Beef Mechado (a type of stew with beef chunks, potatoes, and onions in a light tomato gravy) with either white rice or Garlic Fried Rice (yummy). There are also specials that rotate each day, which can be checked out on their Twitter account. This is a great idea as one can find out when they are serving Lechon (roasted pig)! Yum!There are dishes that can be prepared fresh but are not part of the combination specials.  The ones I've tried that I highly recommend are their Lumpia (fried eggrolls in chicken, beef, or vegetable) and Pancit Canton (stir-fried noodles with vegetables). The pork lumpia was great when they used to serve it, and I preferred it to the beef lumpia that they serve now...but it's still good ;)Not only is the food delicious but the warmth of the staff is something to always look forward to. Karen and Rey make you feel truly at home. The best thing about Karey's Kitchen is having a Filipino restaurant in Phoenix and not having to drive all the way to the East or West Valley!
I love supporting such local businesses in my neighborhood- and you should too!  If I worked in the area, it would be in my lunch rotation.The customer service here rocks- it appears as if they actually care if you enjoy the food you have ordered.  I appreciate this and think they deserve a huge kudos on that one.  The hours are pretty ridiculous- they close at 5 on weekdays and are open from 10:30-3:30 on Saturday's.I've had the Route 66 (Buffalo chicken) and the Ringo Starr and have enjoyed them, but it wasn't true love.  Don't get me wrong, fair choices but no real excitement.  The Sirachi chili sauce helps out- but I love that stuff.A solid choice, although not mind blowing in any stretch of imagination.
Bleh. I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of this spot, since I frequent the other spots on the same corner.  I had some pretty high hopes that this might end up rivaling Postino's or Bomberos... or well... something other than a drive-thru.I ordered the daily flatbread pizza.  It was a Chicken Teriyaki with prosciutto, pineapple and red jalapenos.  The ingredients didn't seem to be of the best quality.  The chicken was a little gristly (sliced breast meat would have been nice), and the cheese was unspeakable.  It was straight-from-a-bag mozzarella... which was congealed into a huge mass of grease.  The pizza was so wet with sauce and grease and heavy from too many toppings, that I couldn't even identify the crust... it was disintegrating before my eyes.  The prosciutto was all in one large clump, instead of being sprinkled throughout.  So disappointing.  My friend's caprese salad was mainly a plate of tomatoes with a garnish of cheese and a sprig of basil.  I love a good caprese - and especially enjoy when there is a fairly equal amount of all ingredients.  Helps balance out each bite, you know?  No such luck with this one! Our service was fine.  Helpful enough in the beginning, but I think once she sensed we weren't thrilled with our food, she just tried to get away with a minimal amount of interaction.  The waitress never asked me how my meal was... even though I was clearly picking at it, and only ate half of it.  She offered to clear it away - not box it - so, she must have realized I didn't enjoy it.I will definitely wait a while for a return visit.  Since it is close and has a great layout/atmosphere, I am hoping that they work out these rather large kinks and become the kind of place that I would like to revisit.
this is my favorite music venue in phoenix. it is a smaller venue best for local or indie bands, but every show i've been to their has been far more memorable then any show i've been to in phoenix.the place itself isn't too stunning, it is just a rectangular brick building with a bar area on the right when you walk in, booths on the left side of the wall, some high tables in the middle, a stage and standing area at the back, and an eclectic mix of art on the walls. however, the place has a really good feel to it and excellent sound that leads to really wild and memorable concerts.the two that i remember the most were the presets/the rapture and spinto band/art brut/we are scientists. i thought the presets were pretty lousy until i saw them play there and the rapture played an absolutely amazing set that lasted almost 2 hours and inspired an epic, comfortably out-of control dance party. the other show was equally long and boisterous, highlighted by eddie argos coming out into the crowd to sing 3 songs.the bad things about the place are that last time i went there was still no alcohol because they lost their liquor license. however, i heard that they have got it back now, but i'm not sure. the shows i went to i had to go down the street between sets and drink at alice cooperstown which isn't cheap. it also doesn't have a patio at all where you can hang out and hear the music or what is going on inside and drink or smoke. the venue reminds me alot of the lounge in the back of Plush in tucson except for the lack of a patio which is really important in a state like AZ where the weather is so good at night most of the year.of course the worst thing is just the lack of bands that go there. most bands come to either marquee (heaven help us poor phoenicians) or even worse, the clubhouse. if you happen to be a tour manager reading reviews on yelp, please book your band at the brickhouse.Update - 8/31 - Had to downgrade to 4 stars after my most recent visit. Its hard to believe that I'm downgrading them now that they have liquor available, but it's happening. They normally have local draft brews at this place for 2 dollars, but apparently when they have a show they don't sell it at all. Only bottles for 3 or 4 dollars. What's worse is that every bottle I ordered wasn't cold, tasted like they just threw it in the ice bin 30 minutes before. AND they kept running out of beers. What's even worse is that the mixed drinks run 6 DOLLARS for a really tiny glass. This place needs to get its act together. I'll be drinking beforehand and elsewhere in between sets from now on. I don't get why the music venues in Phoenix don't understand how much more money they can make at a show with drink specials.They also apparently haven't invested in air conditioning which makes summer shows not even worth it. Okkervil River still put on a great show to my surprise, which is the only thing (along with the other great shows i've seen there) that kept me downgrading this place to 3 stars or lower.They are also in the middle of remodeling so the place looks kindof like crap right now.
Being from NJ I am always on the prowl for my hometown pizza and Italian food. They have absolutely the best cannolis like my grandmothers!  The pizza droops like Ray's Pizza in NY. I'm not a big fan of sauce that has any sugar in it which most do so to many their sauce is awesome. I prefer unsweetened everything.The service is great and they are from New Jersey!  It's a great place to grab their special 2 slices and a coke for $4! YUM!
I met fellow Yelpers Brian S and Shannon M here and learned that it's all about the sandwich.  And feeling like you have walked on to a set for "That 60's show" or "That 70's Show".  It's pretty clear the owners of Casella's are focused on the sandwiches, not updating the decor.I had an Italian beef sandwich.  It was great.  And I sat and soaked up the 70's decor as the bread from my sandwich was soaking up the juice.This place is old school all the way - old school awesome.  F#%*ing A.  Now where's my Trans Am?
This little taco shop gets 5+ stars! The fish tacos were out of this world, breaded and fried to perfection. I also tried the al pastor taco that was marinated well and you can taste the marinade in every bite. I also tried molotes for the first time. The cilantro salsa and red salsa was homemade and oh so good and spicy. The quesadillas are like cheese crisps. I am so disappointed that I did not find this place earlier since it's so close to home. I have to try the other items in their menu soon. Price is very reasonable as their tacos range from $1-$1.50.
I like to think of Trader Joe's as a "specialty food/health market." It is simply in a league of its own when compared to large commercial grocery chains. Honestly, there is no comparison! With that being said, this is the BEST Trader Joe's I have been too! (and I have shopped quite a few in my travels across the US) The sheer size of this store, in TJ standards, is IMPRESSIVE!  The isles are plenty large enough for TWO people (with carts) to maneuver through.  And more importantly EVERYTHING looks fresh and delectable!  Some of my fav's are: $3.99 Trader Joe's Coastal Cab...FABULOUS for the price! (Quite honestly though, I haven't EVER had a bad wine at Traders...they have an amazing selection that isn't overwhelming but isn't sparse either.) I also LOVE that they CLEARLY label each of the wines and/or regions so they are quick and easy to find! The Haircot Verts (French Green Beans) are simply delicious! Their Brussel Sprouts are the perfect size and quantity; just enough for two people at two different meals.  They even have Nulaid "Ready Egg" (i.e. egg beaters) for $3.69! At the grocery store the SAME stuff will cost you TWICE that!! Their cheese selection is delightful with almost ANY kind of cheese imaginable! Their artesian breads are so yummy...although not a "low fat/fat free" food, so that is a once every few months splurge. (and even then we only get the small loaf (which I want to say is called a "little bastard." That name CRACKS me up!) And although I am not a "sweet" eater, my hubs is...so he has a dozen or so goodies that he constantly gets here. The one I can think of off the top of my head are their Chocolate Covered Joe Joe's with Peppermint Crumble (or something like that.) I'd go look at the box but we are fresh out because the hubs thinks that eating one box over a two-three day period is acceptable! It also fun to be rewarded for bringing your own reusable bags; as any good eco-friendly shopper would do! There is a weekly drawing for a TJ's gift card (I think the value is $25) and you get a ticket when you bring your own bags. (not one for each bag...just one ticket for bringing them to put your goodies in) Then they draw a name out of all the tickets (which you drop in a box on your way out of the store) once a week.  If you shop more than once a week, you can "earn" a ticket for each time you shop there in a week therefore increasing your chances of winning. (although I am PRETTY sure the majority of Surprise/Sun City Grand shop there so maybe the odds aren't THAT great! )Regardless, this is just a great little "market" through and through. I used to get excited to shop at TJ's...now I am always looking for an excuse to buy something just so I can go there! (and it's not just to try and win the gift card either..that's an added bonus!)
Is this great sushi?  No.  Does this food reinvent the sushi wheel?  Not even close.  Will I have a foodgasm?  Not a chance. When I am craving an amazing sushi meal, I'll go to Yasu.Why I really, REALLY like Teharu:The food is fresh.  While it's not amazing fish, there's nothing wrong with it - nothing here to get sick from.All the standards are readily available and if you want something not already on the belt, they'll gladly make it for you.The conveyor really feeds into my lack of patience.  I sat down, ordered an iced green tea, and started pulling plates off the belt.  Yes, I was eating sushi within 90 seconds of sitting down!The price is a HUGE plus!  I met a friend for lunch - we each had iced tea, several plates with 3 or 4 roll slices, seaweed salad, sunumono salad and a couple nigiri and I was out of there for less than $20, including tip.The place is kept incredibly clean, staff is friendly and Teharu fills a nice niche for a super casual, quick sushi place.  When it comes down to it, I can't always afford to spend what that quantity of food would cost me at Yasu or any of the other great places in town - I like that I am not committing to a whole roll - I can sample from 5 or 6 different ones.Fills the need for the sushi craving on a buget and/or when strapped for time.
My return trip to SaBai was excellent.I stopped in due to an irresistable craving for something with shrimp.  I was in a take out sort of mood, so as I sat at the bar the friendly owner gave me a glass of water with a cucumber slice in it.  I was pretty floored at how refreshing something so simple could be!I quickly got my order of Garlic Shrimp (extra spicy) and headed home.  The shrimp was perfectly cooked.  So perfect that I can't think of any other shrimp to compare it to.I was happy to see a decent crowd in the restaurant.  I know I'll be coming back again.
Feeling a bit weary from a steady stream of travel, we decided to head over here for my favorite Rx, Pho.A couple of summer rolls filled with shrimp, pork and vermicelli, dipped in the sweet peanutty sauce, a dash of their house hot sauce(a tad more fire than the "cock" sauce) and we were off to  a fine start. I was feeling better already.The Pho arrived, and the aromas were simply intoxicating. After a short interlude of vaporized euphoria, we dug in, adding the usual lime, cilantro, basil, sprouts and aforementioned hot sauce. Commence slurping.The broth was simple yet complex in layered flavors. Noodles were perfect in abundance and texture. My companion chose beef and shrimp and declared they were cooked perfectly. I selected the special beef which included shank, brisket, tendon, tripe and meatball. Outstanding.Service was with a smile, prompt and attentive. I honestly felt like I was sitting in someone's home enjoying what they might eat on a daily basis. I do not think that Cyclo can compare, while good, this just seemed more authentic.
Owner Daniel M. is one of my most favorite restaurateurs in Phoenix. His stamina and passion for the business of serving fine cuisine is a rare find. Daniel is from South America but you wouldn't know it; his knowledge of the secret kitchens of Tuscany, Umbria and Amalfi is uncanny. I know this because I traveled with him and his chef one year on their odyssey through Italy.Daniel takes special pride in personally choosing a very select few bottles of wine to fit any budget. OK, it's not Etienne's Different Point of View's list of 4000, but know that any choice you make is going to be a good one. If you're not sure, just ask for Daniel and tell him what you have in mind -- likely he has (with a wink) a special bottle in the back.When we traveled through the Italian countryside I was constantly astonished by the warm greetings and special invitations we had from local proprietors who shared with us exquisite homemade wines and dishes made with pride from the finest vegetables and livestock. We frequently stayed long past closing with the owners and into the night sampling rare port and grappa. At one restaurant in Orvieto the owner took us deep into the dank recesses of the wine cellar for a special sampling  of cheese and wine. Talk about knowing people? One afternoon while drinking our 5th bottle of wine, who walks by but Jan D'Atri! Wow. (That's another review.) And speaking of reviewers, I also ran into Phoenix Magazine's Nikki Buchanan (also extremely nice).When Daniel first opened in this location with that little stone oven in the corner, it was a pizzeria and guests could belly up to long tables in a casual environment that was made easy by his banter with the heavy Italian accented waitress (name?) who made a comeback some years later. For quite some time the restaurant was Il Forno; that is until corporate giant Il Fornaio entered the fray and sued him to change the name. After much rigmarole he changed to aqua e sale -- and notice Il Fornaio has since closed its doors? LOL. Again after much hoopla, he made it Daniel's. The current wood-paneled decor makes me think of a city club in San Fran or London. Very posh, yet understated. Selections of sculpture and art from his travels dot the restaurant's three small dining rooms.The menu is a very difficult one. I say that because it has all of your favorites and it is difficult to make your final selection. Great for steak, ravioli, the best carpaccio in the city, best buffala mozzarella, mmm.... I could go on and on. So does the menu, page after page.Some might call the preparations simplistic. This is the Tuscan way. Simple ingredients and simple preparation. Let the ingredients make their own magic. Grilled rack of lamb is not drowned in some Smucker's lime jelly, but gently brushed with rosemary and garlic, tickled with salt and pepper and finished with a squeeze spray of lemon.Unfortunately the artful one-of-a-kind plates and bowls handmade in Vietri chipped at the edges over the years and the health department made him throw them away -- UGH!! -- they were a beautiful motivation to make you lick your plate clean to see the painted pictures beneath your scrumptious dinner. Not that you needed an excuse to dab every last bit of sauce with the wonderful mini loaves of bread cooked right there in the hearth that started it all.Daniel himself is a wonderful host. He loves to give his guests a wonderful experience. There are many choices for Italian food in Phoenix. Most of it is just American Italian. Daniel's is a unique touch of the simple yet elegant. Enjoy.P.S. [post edit] OMG. How could I forget the Tiramisu? It's a generous portion, so you can share with your guest, but after your first bite you may not want to. Light and airy, yet fantastically flavorful, the quality of the coffee really makes this dish a reason to go back again and again. I'm not going to tell you the secret ingredient. You'll have to ask Daniel.
I have been to a buffet like this before, but I will never go to this particular one again. The food all looked fresh as we went through the food line selecting our favorites and stacking our bowl to the sky. We selected our sauces and turned it over to the grill. The cook doused our dishes with water, quickly cooked the ingredients, and returned them in a new bowl. There is a selection of crispy wonton bits, rice and soups for you to add to your tray at no cost. I selected no rice as they were all old and burnt to the pan. I chose the hot and sour soup because it is ma favorite. Free-range and refills on beverages. Sat down to eat, was not impressed. I could not muster to try a second spoon of the soup as it was absolutely disgusting. The bowl of ingredients were all bland, perhaps from the overuse of water at grilling, and I am almost certain the tofu had gone bad, The slivers of meat that my husband had selected tasted fowl as well. We obviously did not get to far into our meal before leaving. Had we not already paid there would have been several complaints from me, and changes in selections. We could have taken the left overs home, but opted to leave them instead. Suffice to say, I do NOT recommend.
This place needs no more great reviews really but damn was it good.Recent Sat night: first time.  Busy, hour wait, unless you sit by bar which was zero wait.  We sat by the bar.  Very cool, hip place.  I remember the Clarendon but had no idea it got all cool and modernized, when did that happen?Anyways, ordered 2 house margaritas (excellent, very fresh, perfect), then ordered 2 more..... buzzed alert***Elote, teeth sunk in, amazing alert***Spit shrimp cocktail, oh yeah.....its on.Tacos carne asada, so fresh, so good.  Great chips and salsa, the thick kind of chips, authentic type, like in Mexico.  For some reason I ordered a burger?  Huh?  It was a hasty decision and the burger was just OK.  Next time, no burgers, just tacos etc for me.Even as busy as it was, the service up at the bar was perfect.  I will certainly go back at some point.  Maybe not rush back just because of the busy factor, but hey what isn't busy at these hip trendy little places in town, right?
We stopped by Switch the other night after getting raped by the IRS and while we were still feeling quite sad and pathetic.  We wanted something casual, inexpensive, and fast, and that is what we got!  Service was great!  We were one of maybe 3 inside tables and a full patio, and our waitress was fantastic.  She was very attentive and kept our drinks full.We had the wedge fries, a weakness of mine, and they were pretty good.  Not great, but definitely good.They had several vegetarian options, and I chose the Chop salad, which was SO yummy.  So yummy in fact, that I have been trying to duplicate it at home for days now.My husband had the turkey berry sandwich, which I didn't try (no meat for me), but he said it was good.  We would definitely go there again. Try it!
I have long been a fan of AJ's and lucky for me, they didn't open a location on the West Side of town until after I moved back to California. If they had, I would have been more broke then I was as a single working mother.The daughter and I stopped in before her hair appointment for some coffee and pastries and then I came back in once her hair was getting done. The first thing I did was order some iced tea from their coffee counter. It was absolutely delicious iced tea and very reasonably priced. I want that tea now, I think it was pineapple or something yummy. I perused around the store, picking up some Goldwater Salsa and a stuffed Cornish game hen to cook later in the day for my Grandma from the butcher counter. I was thrilled that they still had the stuffed fresh hens for the same price I used to pay $4.99. Something inflation hadn't touched.I also picked up some huge honey crisp apples (something again Grandma can afford but won't buy for herself) and a small bunch of flowers for her. Next time I am in town, I am going to hit up AJ's right away for some iced tea!
I play squash racquet's, a sport favored by the east coast "elites" from them Ivy League schools, those snooty Britishers and the Pakistani leisure class:) Why they let me play, I'll never know:)Last evening, we had a little tourney in which a group of us from the Village traveled to the outer reaches of Tempe to play a group from Lifetime Fitness:)It was a jolly good, show, ever so much fun and our Village group gave the Lifetime group a bit of a "Rodgering":)So it was with happy hearts and high spirits that we headed down the street to the post tourney repast at Skip & Jan's...let me start by saying that the Lifetime group picked this place, and it's almost like they knew they were going to lose and wanted to select a venue that would be the grimiest, greasiest, grubbiest, grossest spot to try to eat...they succeeded:)Where to start...I know...the parking lot:)When we arrived, the total Kelly Blue Book value of the 50-60 cars in the parking lot was about $832...we raised that by several orders of magnitude, just by driving in...this parking lot hasn't seen a lot of traffic from the Mercedes/BMW/Lexus/Jaguar crowd (and may never again:)After I safely parked a block or 2 away, I went inside and took in the look and feel of S&J...crappy old wood paneling...tables and chairs from a circa 1955 high school cafeteria...an intriguing mix of flat panel TV's, regular TV's and OTB results screens (yeah, you can bet the ponies here...the sport of Kings, in a slightly less than "regal" atmosphere:)They must have 20-25 pool tables...faded felt...and a whole bunch of people playing pool (and frankly looking like they weren't enjoying themselves...extremely tight and serious expressions on the faces of the people playing and watching...aren't games supposed to be fun? :-)...I suspect there was gambling going on:)The smell in S&J can only be described as "extreme humanity"...the place smelled like it has seen a century's worth of spilled beer, cigarette smoke, BO, vomit, urine, spoiled food and every other aroma that humans create for themselves...remarkable, given the fact that this place can't have been here for more than a few years...how did they do that so quickly? :-)S&J has menus, they have some sort of kitchen, they have Jagermeister on "tap", they have a bunch of beers on tap and they had a buffet (or "boofay" for my friend Ryan C) set up for our group.It was supposed to be a Taco Bar:)S&J provided a table full of taco "fixin's"...the centerpiece of which was the taco meat hot tray...Holy Crap, was that disgusting! :-(They told us it was ground beef, but I know my beef, and I don't think this was it...this was ground "creature"...possibly some sort of unfortunate non-distinct animal which happened to be near the kitchen when duty called.I kid, of course...as far as I know, this was indeed, "beef"...just not very good "beef":(The hot tray holding the "meat" looked like a relief map of the Hawaiian Islands...small mountains of "meat" rising out of the ocean of brown/orange grease that was the real body of the dish:(But, I was starving (a banana for breakfast and nothing else) so I tried to make a taco.I decided to forgo the slotted spoon that everyone was trying to use to fish some meat out of the soupy brine, and use some tongs instead...my idea was to try to squeeze as much grease out of the concoction as possible...I was sort of successful, but in doing so, I probably squeezed any flavor out as well:(I got back to the table and tried a bite...not good...I added several shakes of Cholla and tried another bite...and that was that:(One of my buddies had decided to forgo the mystery meat tacos and ordered wings from the menu and offered me one...I'm not sure what the deal with the wings was, but the wing I tried seemed to be boiled (no, not "broiled"...boiled) and then dipped in buffalo sauce...not crispy, just wet...all the way through:)Then they announced that Karaoke was going to start soon...and that was enough for me:(Adding amateur singing to this tableau would have just been too much:)Still, it's not all bad news...the tires and wheels were still on my car when I was ready to leave...I didn't become immediately ill (although I had kind of a rough morning, this morning).They say shared adversity can make teams grow together, so I think I should thank S&J for making the Village Squash group nearly invincible:)
Pure Bliss - I haven't had a quality meal experience like this in a very very long time.  The full 4 course dinner was stupendous and well worth every cent. You MUST try the Yin & Yang Martini!  It was  a very creative and well presented drink  that had me all smiles.  I had the Smores & Chocolate desert and it was hands down my favorite (I've tried at least 5 others).
Given the dearth of German restaurants in the greater Phx area, this is about as good as it gets.Had the sausage sampler.  The krakauer wurst was pretty unique.  The bratwurst was good too, but brats usually have a pretty low bar to clear to be good.Had the Schweizer Schnitzel as a main course.  Very good.The meal came with a cup of soup of the day, which in this case was mushroom.  Very good.You can't eat ambiance/decor so I generally don't care about things like that but if the owners have a spare dollar or two they may want to paint the place and replace the drop ceiling.  Neither of those things will keep me away but they may want to look into those things.
awesome iconic eatery! whenever i visit az i make it a point to stop off at this ultra friendly, fantastic tasting joint. yeah, it takes a while to figure out the ordering process, but the staff is super helpful, and after the first or second time, one can figure out the system. it's just that everything is abbreviated which requires some thought. i usually mix 2 entrees to get different flavors. love the jerk chicken and fiery pollo diablo.although they are known for their snicker doodles, my dessert is usually ordering another entree to take home for later! hands down one of my favorite eateries. i wish we had one in minneapolis, mn...i would probably eat there daily for lunch, ha!
Meh. As my fellow Yelper said to me a few days after we ate here: "No Brio review, I'm shocked!" I didn't jump on writing this review because I was pretty underwhelmed by the experience. The ambience sucks, the service wasn't very good and the food was totally average. My cursor is blinking at me and I still don't know what else to say about my time spent here. Ambience- looks like an Italian cheesecake factory. Why are the collumns so huge?!Service- the bartender kept interrupting us to take our order when we STILL weren't ready. Jeez, does it look like I've moved my menu in the 53 seconds it's been since the last time you checked? And then disappeared when we were finally ready. Food- -carpaccio, not bad but does it seriously need to be that huge? The two of us didn't even come close to finishing it. -Mediterranean pasta, pretty much the only one without a cream sauce on the whole menu. They split it for us which was nice and it tasted all right with mushrooms and chicken and stuff. -tiramisu came out frozen. They were super apologetic and didn't charge us for the replacement, but it was still awkward. They obviously just heated up a piece which made it melty and just not that great.So yeah, that's that.
RIPI drive by here every day but looked over and saw the place dark inside and the signage ripped down. They never did quite recover from the roof collapse thing. Was the only Vietnamese place by my work, now sadly, there are none. They should have offered Banh Mi for lunch. Woulda-coulda-shoulda.
A very inadequate meal and expensive for the low quality food you get.  Ordered the veal sorrentino and it was not enjoyable to eat.  Very dry, tough...just gross.  Caesar salad was also disgusting and unpleasant, saturated in dressing.  I did like the atmosphere, laid back and comfortable.  Knowing that Pasta Brioni is down the street, I won't go back.
Having been to Dave & Buster's in California, I was pleased to see one nearby in Phoenix.  Our family enjoys the games and food offered at D&B's.  It's not the best bar food you ever had, but it's alright.Some of our favorite dishes...Chicken Sandwich & Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=pL9gMcMhSu66djzRs0EE0gSliders, Wings, & Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=duqkD08yPYfZzK2BdwXSOwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=gmI2y1_o4YxyNsuhu4-PGAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=-SYnpluFm_tcBObKnYpR1wChicken Sandwich w/Bacon & Sweet Potato Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=EkZL6PdNv4kkgopmT6IK8gBesides the video games, my Son and I enjoy shooting pool on their championship size (9 ft) pool tables.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=_L7O1ZhQ9EDnO1LHv9b10ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=6IveT3g9EW-lLEjwbrblZQOverall, it's one of our favorite places to go where the entire family can enjoy a night out.  They serve alcohol at the bar and restaurant, so the adults can enjoy themselves while the kiddos play games, bowl, shoot pool.Return Factor - 100%
I used to frequent this place when it was Long Wong's.  The food wasn't good back then but it was open 24/7 and always available.Since the change in ownership, I have been repeatedly disappointed.  The size of the menu has gone down drastically (which is understandable, Long Wong's menu was way too big).  They only serve slices of pizza at certain times of the day now (noonish until 3pm supposedly I think? and again some time in the evening) and you never know if they will actually have slices.  I understand that maybe they don't sell that many slices in the off hours, but I would gladly take a slice of pizza that was an hour or two old over none at all.  Not to mention even at 3pm it is not uncommon to get a pretty old slice anyways.The burgers are so-so.  Better than McDonald's, but just really not that good.I've only had the cheesesteak once, and boy was it a disaster.  I bit into it and what must have been a full cup of liquid poured out of it.  I'm not sure how this was possible, but it was almost like it was sabotaged.  I'm sure this was a one-off problem and that they are not normally like that, but I was horrified and have not tried another.The owner is eager and you can tell he is really trying to make the business work.  However, the staff he hires can be very rude sometimes.  I've heard some snotty tones of voice saying they had no slices when I've tried to order a slice of pizza during the off hours and have been refused a simple refill of my soda when my order took far longer than expected.  That said, I have not been there in a few months so this may have changed.
Oy ve iz mir!Not to be a kvetch....but I consider myself to be an expert on Jewish delis.  As a New Yorker from a predominantly Jewish area and married to a Jew, I've had more than my fair share of experiences at them.  My husband and I woke up this morning with a burning desire for a good bagel, corned beef on rye, and a knish.  So I schlepped all the way up to the PV Mall to get it.Ok, first of all, the decor is terribly schlocky.  Its kind of like the tourist trap Jewish deli you find in Times Square.  Its like a Disney version of a NY deli.  I take my number and head over to the cold case to get some drinks....of course they didn't have regular lemon Snapple (and why should they?  Its not like every deli, pizza place, and convenience store in NY carries it....) but they did have Dr. Brown's Cel-Ray which is always a welcome sight.  Another thing they had in the cold case which I found to be odd were jars of Nathan's pickles.  Nathan's, like the hot dog place.  I would imagine a Jewish deli would have Ba Tampte pickles....I didn't even know Nathan's made pickles!  It was a little lame to be honest.Anyways, I go up to the counter where there doesn't seem to be anyone working.  There was no organization to it.  So I waited.  And waited.  In New York, the deli is a finely tuned machine designed to move people quickly.  Chompie's? Eh, not so much.  When I finally did place my order, the guy who took it had a hard time punching it into the computer and asked me to repeat it several times.  Despite saying I wanted my bagel toasted several times I was given a cold, untoasted bagel.  I waited a little longer for my order to come up and went on my merry way.  Here is the breakdown of the food we ordered-Matzoh ball soup- Surprisingly good.  I have never had matzoh ball soup with carrots and celery...so much chazerei!  Just give me the matzoh ball! Although, I will admit, it was solid.  I wouldn't go all the way to Chompie's for it because I know that I can make it better in my own kitchen. Plain bagel "toasted" with cream cheese- Terrible.  The bottom of the bagel was entirely too thick and was very hard.  They didn't even cut it all the way through, probably because the crust is too thick! Corned beef on rye- Meh.  The corned beef wasn't very good, it wasn't corned enough.  If they make their own they didn't use a piece of brisket that was fatty enough.  The rye (which was not marble rye...) was lackluster.   It couldn't handle the corned beef, became soggy, and eventually fell apart.  The pickle it came with was the grossest thing I've ever seen.  And it was definitely a kosher dill, even though I asked for a half sour.  The potato salad was actually really good though.Knish- Terrible.  The knishes in my elementary school cafeteria were better than this.  First of all, the outer crust was way too flimsy.  It should have been much, much, thicker, especially considering the gargantuan size of the knish.  We essentially ate a large plate of mashed potatoes.  The potato inside itself was unremarkable.  Not only do I have this Jewish thing going on but I'm also Irish....I've never met a potato dish I didn't like.  Until today.  I didn't even finish my half of the knish. Now for the prices.  What's with this meshugas?  $2.29 for a bagel with cream cheese is a tad much.  In NY they run you about $1.35.  The corned beef sandwich was $12.50!  Now, I've paid that much for sandwiches in NY before but you get 2 lbs of meat and several layers of sandwich!  This was not a $12.50 sandwich.  I was also going to get us some whitefish salad to sample but at $15.99/lbs it wasn't happening.  Why anyone should schlep all this way, in this heat, schvitzing all over, for this dreck?  I don't know!
Ok, so, I finally ate at Wanda's.  It is located right near the Chandler Harley Davidson, and its alright.  The seating is really intimate, and rather small.  The largest table in this place is for seating of 4. I didnt care for how small it was, in regards to limited seating.  They do have outdoor seating, but again, they lost points with me for only having tables for either 2 or 4.  What I DO like about it, is that the service was quick, and its not the usual chain resturants like IHOP or Waffle house.  Limited menu, only open a few hours a day (like 7-3) and primarily have a breakfast and lunch menu.
I think Matt's has had its '5 minutes of fame'.  Note to owners: Your food is good enough,  your staff is great, so please save your money and move to a better location.  Right now, you're next to a rundown hotel with police baracade tape all over the place.The local residents(?) pan-handling all the waiting customers outside your place. Seriously?   Just sad.  Won't go again, won't recommend it either.  Good luck this summer, the heat will melt all your 'waiting area' customers out .
This is a huge improvement over the last bar that occupied this spot. They obviously put a few bucks into the renovation and added pool tables. The rub is that when a band is playing here it totally dominates the conversation, and if the band sucks...  Please put in a smoking-friendly patio, right now customers have to stand by the parking lot sans drink! They have another less-noisy bar in the front, which I was pleased to discover was offering $1 well drinks from 9-10pm for guys -  we took full advantage.
This isn't your typical Mexican restaurant that puts cheese and sour cream on everything. The food here is light, simple, and fresh. We started out with the guacamole which was amazing. My sister doesn't even like mandarin oranges but it tasted so good in the guacamole she was eating it like it was going out of style. The salsa that came with it was the bomb. One was a spicy red salsa and the other one was a tomatillo salsa. The green one was so good I wanted to drink it. I ordered the chorizo and eggs and my sister ordered a couple of tacos with rice and beans. Everything tasted great and I even had room for dessert after my meal. We had some kind of carmel, banana, crepe thing. It doesn't look like much but it was one of the best desserts I've ever had. Gallo Blanco is my new obsession.
This place is very off-the-beaten-track, I'm sure most people overlook it....I only came across it whilst searching online for somewhere 'different' to eat...and when I came across the review on the Phoenix New Times website(http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/2005-02-10/dining/sultans-of-shish/), I knew this was it...I only docked a star for the (extremely) sparse decor and atmosphere...this place could have been any other type of business with just a change of sign and omission of tables...anyway, the food was great! my fiance ordered skewers of beef and lamb(I'm not too keen on lamb, but the beef was tender and succulent...very well spiced!)...I had a cucumber salad(diced, along with onions and parsley, and soaked in vinegar-lemon juice), which enchanted me so much that I created my own version at home and make it every time I feel like doing a bit of dicing(msg me for the recipe--it's a bit death-breathy and labor-intensive but delicious!)...and, during dessert, I could see why Samarkand was voted 'Best Tea in Phoenix'...the black tea was easily the best I've ever had(besides a special brand of blue ginger tea I make a point to keep my cabinet stocked with)...it was strong and rich...absolutely incredible!definitely make it a point to search this place out--it's worth the effort!
I can't stop talking about the fried chicken at Chelsea's. It is sooooo good.We went here on Saturday night with a group of friends, and we had a great time. We sat at one of the large tables on the front porch, which was perfect, although our friend was disappointed that we weren't on the back porch. Supposedly that's the place to be. Since I had never been, I didn't know the difference.I always feel that tables of 8 are a good test for a restaurant's service. I felt like our waitress did a good job, and I was actually shocked at how quickly some of the food came (I am sure they are popular dishes that the kitchen makes in high volume, but still - she did a good job of getting them to our table). I started with a caesar salad, which I didn't think was that great. It was fine, but it wasn't as good as I expected. I then enjoyed the fish tacos for dinner, which were really tasty. The dish was plentiful, and it was more than enough food. My husband ordered the fried chicken, which was absolutely divine. The chicken was so moist and tender, and the chicken was fried without being greasy. Yummmm.I tried the red velvet cake for dessert, and it was quite good. How can anything with cheesecake frosting be wrong?This is a great casual upscale restaurant. I was disappointed that I hadn't been sooner. The atmosphere is great, and the location is good. Plus, there's plenty of parking (and valet), so it's just convenient. I sort of feel like that's what this restaurant is - a convenient staple when you want a solid meal. The prices are slightly high for what it is ($18 for fish tacos and rice?), but I am desensitized to the high restaurant prices here unfortunately.
burnt.china china caught fire :(
Manager got a little whiney when I insisted that he check his shelf before I drive out to pick up a rare item.  Their stock has been in error before, and sure enough... it was wrong this time.  But no apology of course, and no acknowledgment that I was right to have him check his stock.  Otherwise, selection is good on the whole, but customer service can be a little "iffy" at times.  Easy access right off Lake Pleasant Pkwy on SW corner.
I just cannot understand why this place is so highly rated. Could it be that people have never experienced barbeque outside of Arizona, so they have no basis of comparison? But even that cannot be true. We have Joe's in Gilbert, and even Famous Dave's is pretty darn good. I work a block from this location, so I have been there at least a dozen times. While not great, it is something different once in awhile, so I put in an appearance now and then. The food is not bad, per se, it is just not that good. The prices, on the other hand, are far too high for what you get. $11 gets you a "large sandwich" which is not very large, an order of fries, and a soda--RC brands. For a couple of bucks more I could get a combo platter at Famous Daves. Service is all business. I don't think I have ever seen a smile in the place. But it is fast. The place is usually dirty, but I am usually there right around lunch, so it might be better other times. Just not impressed at all. But...it beats the Burger King down the street which is the worst BK in Christendom. But that is another review.
Cibo is positively adorable.  I love the atmosphere.  I love the little house, and the yard.  I love the excessively busy yet amazingly friendly servers.  I love the iced tea.  I love the bread.  I love the Antipasto plate.  I love making ad-hoc bruchetta out of said bread and Antipasto.  I love the margherita pizza.Just on a Thursday afternoon alone, I don't think I'd ever come with a large group of people.  It just doesn't seem like a wise life decision.Really? It's love overall.  Love, love, love, love.  When I can, I'm dragging my family here.
The price is a little high for me.  They don't give enough bean sprouts without asking for more.  The pho broth is a little too sweet for me also
I have had chicken. I have had waffles. And now, I've had chicken AND waffles. Prior to today, I didn't realize the distinction. Prior to today, I never had cause to consider the combination. Prior to today, I didn't realize what I was missing.Now let's be clear: this isn't the place for dieters. It's not a place for any pretentious behavior. The place has "Chicken & Waffles" in the name, OK? And that's what you're going to get. In abundance.Cheap as hell. I had the #1, also known as KK's. Three huge-ass pieces of chicken -- breas, thigh and mutant leg. All battered and fried to perfection. Two waffles the size of Vermont. A bucket of grits with some egg/cheese/onion concoction on the side. OK, I could have done without the last part. But hey, when in a chicken & waffle place...I'm still full. I won't eat dinner tonight. I crashed out for an hour in post-prandial bliss. And I'd have typed this review faster if I could have stopped sucking my fingers like a four-year-old.Damn.
Oooh!  A shiny new pizza spot!  I have been told time and time again to try Barro's, so the opening of this location was the perfect opportunity to put it to my pepperoni and mushroom test.  All I can say is What Took Me So Long!?  This pizza is GOOD!  Zesty sauce, ample topping coverage and a puffy pillow-like outer crust.  It looks like it would be chewy, but it is not.  How do they do that?  Some sort of pizza alchemy, I am sure.This location is brand new.  The dark wood floors and high-backed booths (that don't yet have butt-indentations from previous guests) are not the typical plastic red/green/white decor what you would expect from a casual pizza restaurant.  The staff is friendly, both on the phone and in person, which is nice.  In addition to fantastic whole pies, they also have inexpensive lunch specials (2 slices and a soda for $4 is my favorite!) until 4pm every day.My only small sadness is that this location does not deliver to my house (even though it is closer than the Barro's that does cover my delivery area).  Oh well, I like this one and will probably visit more than is good for me!
We decided to try out Rudy's last night, hoping the lines wouldn't be too long since it was still 107F outside.  We lucked out!  There were only about ten people in front of us, so we felt we scored!  I am a big fan of Texas BBQ, namely beef ribs and brisket.  I usually go for the lean brisket and light to no sauce (in true TX form).  Last night we ordered the moist brisket ($12.98/lb), coleslaw and a turkey sandwich ($4.99) for DD.With three fountain drinks, the price was about $21.  DH also went back and got the banana pudding and the chocolate pudding for DD and himself.  I think he spent about $6 on that.THE FOOD:  The brisket was DELICIOUS.  It was perfectly smoked and not too fatty for my tastes.  It had a good amount of char on the outer edges, which is my favorite.  The meat stood alone on its own.  Very good sign!  I did try both the Sissy Sauce and the BBQ Sauce.  The BBQ sauce was quite good.  The turkey was smoked, which is not my favorite, but it was pretty good.  DD ate it after making me remove the "black edges" off and getting her two slices of bread instead of the bun it came on.  That was fine with me because I put my brisket on the bun with some BBQ sauce and I was a happy camper.The coleslaw was good.  It was sweet, but not too sweet.  It was crunchy and a little reminiscent of the KFC coleslaw, tbh.  We were disappointed that they did not have any mac n cheese.  Mac n Cheese goes great with brisket!!!DESSERTS: The chocolate pudding was yummy and had an oreo cookie crust at the bottom.  The banana pudding was just okay.  A friend of mine gave me a recipe for banana pudding years ago that is really simple and appears to use the same ingredients, but is far superior.  I wonder if I should share it with Rudy's?!  Overall, we will definitely get Rudy's again.  However, we will probably just order the brisket to go.  We can make the sides for a lot less and I am sure DD would prefer something other than the turkey for dinner.  Yes, that's right, will be back.
First, I'd like to send a shout-out to Irma, our server who has given me hope that there are caring hospitable people in the food industry.  Irma receives 5 stars for taking good care of me and my sweetheart during our recent date at the Havana Cafe. Way to go Irma!We step into a well packed restaurant on a Friday night with plans to try the Sailor's Paella Special and a few cocktails. We wait for just a few seconds until we are greeted by Irma and her warm smile and are led to our table. Our cocktail orders are taken immediately, 1 Mojito and 1 White Sangria. Both exceeded our expectations and were just thing to get our date started.The ambiance is whimsical and charming - Reminded me of the movie "The Bird Cage" without the drag queens and dramatic dialogue. Bummer!Now on to the Paella. It was the perfect dish for the evening offering plenty of shrimp, calamari, crab, scallops, muscles, tuna and a healthy serving of saffron rice. This meal also requires a little handy work to get to the crab and muscles but you are given the proper instruments to do so. This may not be the best choice for those who do not enjoy this kind of food activity but we had a lot of fun with it.  We will be back soon to try another interactive meal and partake of a round or two of Mojitos. So if you are in the mood for something different, fun, and oh so delicioso, I recommend you try a night out at the Havana Cafe. I also hope you have the pleasure of meeting a groovy gal who goes by the name Irma.
***** The service was fantastic, There was a nice warm lady attending the shop and the Gelato was awesome as always!!! ** Yummy Chocolate Caramel Fudge Brownie!! :)
Great new addition to the Old Town neighborhood. Citizen is versatile -- the perfect place for a romantic date, a small gathering, or for just meeting a buddy for a drink. A place with a great vibe.My first impression was that they are intently focused on service quality. Lots of smiling staff to greet you as you enter. Every employee is attentive to every table. Our server was gregarious, accommodating, gracious, and highly proactive. We definitely felt the 'warm and fuzzy' atmosphere.They pay attention to the little things -- such as house-made ketchup for your french fries. The food: about as good as upscale bar food is going to get. For apps we started with the calamari and the crabcakes. Portions weren't large, but very high quality. The calamari was flash-fried and not greasy, and seemed very fresh. For my entree I had the wagyu burger, which was prepared perfectly and served on a fresh challah bun.Overall impression: Citizen will have staying power, unlike many establishments that open in Old Town. The formula is really pretty simple -- offer high quality stuff, equip the place with great staff, and don't go overboard with prices. I'm looking forward to returning!
I have a long history with this place, which is where I worked my first job at 16.  It's run by two Sicilian immigrants and there 2 sons.  Originally the owners had a joint in NY, but moved to the valley and opened this place.They run a military style kitchen where cleanliness is enforced to a maximum.  Almost everything is personally overseen by one of the two owners.They offer a regular Italian menu... the regular pasta choices, nothing too fancy and no Alfredo entree.They have some meat entrees with veal and chicken.The pizza is NY style and really good and rich.They offer a Garlic and Olive Oil pizza that is so good.  I get it with pepperonchinis on it.  The crust on the Sicilian pizza is the best I've had. Sometimes I just crave a small cheese pizza from this joint.The Eggplant Parmesan is in the house here, but everything holds it's own.It's priced ridiculously well, so much so, that the senior citizens roll out from Sun City all the time.They have a few beers on tap, all domestic, and some decent wine, but nothing fancy at all.The bottom line is that the food is good and cheap and the place is real.
The burgers here are pretty average.  Thin, flat, kind-of greasy patties with lettuce and tomato.  But what sets this place apart is their other offerings.  My husband got the tri-tip steak sandwich and he said that it was delicious.  The meat was very tender and cooked perfectly.  I loved the fact that they serve sweet potatoes fries.  Those have become very popular lately but this is the only fast food place I know of that has them.    The ones I tried were cooked perfectly and very lightly salted.  The onion rings were also cooked just right with no soggy pieces.  I thought that the batter to onion ratio was slighly scewed toward the former but my hubby thought they were perfect.  Their regular fries are also very good.  I tried the chocolate shake and it was really yummy too.  I think its great that you can get a veggie burger here as well as a tuna steak sandwich.  The extra toppings they offer such as sauteed mushrooms, avacado, and teriyaki and BBQ sauce are all a big plus as well.The decor is simple since it is a fast food joint.  The booths were big and comfy and the faux leather looked slightly more upscale than you would expect.  We went on opening day so the service was phenominal.  We didn't have to wait long for our order and everything was to our specifications.  Servers came by serveral times to pick up trash and offer to refill our drinks.  The restroom was very small but clean. I try not to eat fast food too often but I will consider coming back next time I am craving a burger.  Or maybe I'll give one of their salads a try.  They earned a repeat visit from me and an extra star since they donated 100% of their opening day profits to Phoenix Children's Hospital.  A big thanks to Sarah S for posting that on Yelp events page so that we could contribute... and fill our bellies!
The lemon grass pork is 2 stars on a generous day. Disappointing, since they tout their Vietnamese selections as being specialties. The pork was tough and the noodles were more like lo mein than the vermicelli type rice noodles I was expecting. Portions are certainly generous enough... I like that you can make your own rice bowl. That's the direction I recommend if you come here.
Ok first off, with the demise of Soma and the fact that Green is in Tempe.....this place is a welcome sight, and I know I'll be back. The food is excellent. However I feel that Dr Weil has has has the wool pulled over his eyes by Mr. Fox. Come one "Anazazi Beans" and a drink called the "Medicine Man"? Really- as an American Indian rights advocate you'd think we'd be past this. Actually, you'd think educated white men with lots of money would be past this --but ya know. Just because Anazazi really refers to Ancestral Pueblo people who lived mainly in NM and N. AZ and means "ancient enemy" in Navajo so that term isn't used by nearly ANYONE anymore...means that you probaby shouldn't call your dish by that name. Other than that- I give em props for trying.I recently had another experience there where EVERYTHING was going wrong that night, and the staff recovered....kinda. My advice, shape up if ya wanna last.
On a mission to find some University of Michigan apparel that fit my pregnant body, I started my search with a phone call to Sports Authority.  I struck out there within minutes as I was told that they only carry AZ team apparel.  Shucks!Luckily for me, Lindsey F overheard my conversation and suggested I call Bischoff's Shades of the West.  She remembered seeing a ton of college apparel during her last visit to this touristy store with all kinds of inventory including Western wear, food products, jewelry, etc... I skeptically called and sure enough, Bischoff's carries UofM apparel as well as all kinds of sports paraphernalia including hats, t-shirts, shorts, keychains, and more from the NCAA, NFL, NBA, NHL, and more!I headed over that afternoon and found what I was looking for... and now I know where to go when on the hunt for all kinds of random items from AZ novelty gifts to college football attire.  Thanks Bischoff's, and "go blue!"
My picks:Derby SmashGreen Chili RisottoPan Seared EscolarSticky BunsIf you are looking for Arizona charm, this is the place. Every Arizona resident needs to experience this hidden gem.Thanks Jacquie, Kristy & Tim for continuing to believe in this historic restaurant and landmark!
Rinaldi's Italian Deli is a very good place for lunch if your in this area and looking for something a little lighter than a burger and fries.  They are conveniently located near the corner on Deer Valley and 19th ave, next to Dunkin Donuts.  They are open for breakfast, lunch and an early dinner.  I recommend going during breakfast or lunch if your interested in their "Specials of the Day" that are on their hot plates. These items don't look too appetizing if you go by in the late afternoon or evening. They offer homemade soups and fresh cut salads loaded with just about anything you could imagine.  They have a small selection of homemade pasta salads as well.  I had their pastrami on rye with their spicey, nazzle opening, and horse radishy dressing.  The pastrami was very good but had to be heated in a micro-wave. My sandwich was assembled very well so props to the girl behind the counter!  Their Italian pasta salad was excellent. Their Cob salad was also very good, nothing fancy but a good balance of veggies, bacon, egg, tomato, blue cheese, avocado with grilled chicken.Not one of the better deli's in Phoenix but loads better than any chain deli!  It's a nice alternative to burgers and fries.
This is my first review on Yelp so here you go...I love Yasu!!  This is by far the best sushi and authentic japanese restaurant in Phoenix.  I have been there numerous times and it never disappoints.  You have to try their Sumibiyaki which are items cooked over Japanese charcoal, last time I was there I had the beef tongue..sounds weird but its so goodNigiri/sashimi are a must.  They always have the best selection and daily special, most important...its always fresh...this is definately important!!  The sweet shrimp is my personal favorite and anything else you order, you will find the fish is sliced with great execution.  Request fresh chopped wasabi, you will never eat sushi with out it again!  Love this place!!
5/19/102.5 stars.Didn't really care for the interior, and the tables outside weren't beckoning, either.  It was very antiseptic and cold indoors, with only the menu handwritten on the chalkboard, the plain-looking pastry display case (devoid of any ornamentation or even a sign of any effort in making everything inside presentable), and, what looked to me, an antique-looking espresso machine on the counter to lend decoration to the all-white interior.  It was also very noisy indoors, despite the fact that there were only a handful of people!  Ordered the Mascarpone and fig jam on marble rye ($4) and the Lox w/ cream cheese and tomato ($8 or $9), as well as a latte, no sugar.  The coffee came in a paper cup... why?  Made me feel like she wanted me to leave.  Loved the mascarpone and fig!  (So much so, I soon acquired a jar of organic fig jam from Whole Foods, but I need to find good marble rye toast...)  The lox, however, was disappointing.  While I found the flavors palatable, I thought the lox strips were too thin (I had lox at True Foods Kitchen that were wild-caught and larger for only a couple of dollars more), and the cream cheese rectangles looked strange with its right angles (after seeing such a lovely presentation done w/ the Mascarpone and fig jam).  Made me wish I'd had two sets of the toast!It was nice to see that they still roasted the coffee beans on-site.  I wish nothing but success to Toast, but I won't be going back-- at least not for a good long while...
I took advantage of That's A Wrap for their catering services yesterday and once again, was totally impressed!  I called around 10am for a 5pm delivery... I wanted to make sure that those of us who were working at the Phoenix Art Museum all day preparing for the pARTy had some fuel to get us through the evening.  Sure enough, That's A Wrap delivered - literally and figuratively.  I ordered a platter of assorted sandwiches, fruit, chips, cookies, and bottled water - it was perfect!  Everything was delicious!  It arrived right on time and it was all labeled so it was easy to figure out what you were eating.  I had the "Godfather" wrap (Salami, ham, and provolone wrapped in a honey wheat tortilla with lettuce, tomato, red onion, sun- dried tomato mayo and a drizzle of olive oil).  I don't usually choose salami and ham but for whatever reason, this is the one that sounded best to me yesterday - and it was!Thanks That's A Wrap for fueling me and all of the yelper helpers for the pARTy... I'll be back to visit soon!
Decided to stop by for breakfast by myself one Sunday morning.  The reviews on Yelp were enticing, so I gave it a shot.  I ordered the Sonora Potato and Sausage Hash (Eggs, Potatoes, Hot Links, Chipotle, Garlic, Onions, Peppers) w/side of Sourdough Toast, $8.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nEyREad5GZd3RiEZA-Irpw?select=TKoW6UY1opAaH4wFxLkFpgI couldn't wait to take a bite of my dish as I love Hot Links and have never seen it in a Breakfast item before....it didn't disappoint, it was very good.  The Hot Link was actually spicy, which is often not the case.  The Potatoes were very tasty as well.  My only complaint was that it was kind of a small portion...I was left wanting more.My server was very friendly and welcoming.  She asked how I found the joint and addressed me by name when I left....very cool.Return Factor - 98%
love love love this place for a second i don't feel like i'm in fakville anymore.  Live music and a diverse crowd.  They make a great infused berry tea smoothie no dairy just juice and ice!  Parking is great and the selection of food is appropriate and divine for a cafe.  Very comfortable and not to image conscious inside!  Love that it's independent and staff is so lovely.  I would pay $10 for a latte just to support them!  Punch card too!
3 kids and myself.. 14 bucks.. gotta love a Tuesday kids eat free. While I still had to buy two adults to get two kids free... totally worth it. The place was clean, service excellent. The pizza was looking pretty bad when we goth there but after eating some ok salad, the fresh ones rolled out and were great. Garlic cheese bread typePep, ham and jalapenoChicken wingThey were all great. Cinnamon Roll for dessert...yummy!Really if you have not been here for a few years come back with an open attitude and a hunger to pack in some pizza, chicken, mashed taters, spaghetti, salad, dessert and of course pizza...any kind you want, they will try to make it.
When Tempe Market place was being put together...I though WOW a swanky place where college kids and laid back adults could get together and enjoy themselves.  Cadillac Ranch was being built...and the hype was hot enough to make you buy a meal ahead of time.  Read the reviews but thought...what they hey lets try it out.  And now I see why it has two stars...should have listened to the other yelpers -_-... went there is Good ole' Rada, thought it would be nice to enjoy the day outside.  Nearly Drowned by the ample amount of misters.  Thought to self...hmm well at least the food should be good.  Ordered the sliders meal... maybe they were scarce on meat, but the slider patties were the size of silver dollars, tasty but small.  Yes the service was slow; my glass was getting refilled faster by the misters than the actual waiter. It gets two stars in my book for the service and the overall experience (for lunch that is). you get what you pay for..and for 11 bucks, a couple barbie sized patties in human size buns, a not so 'AHH' diet coke, and 5 oz of wine (and that's on the 2.00 happy hour deal) ... kind of seems appropriate.  I recommend this if you are stuck hanging around Tempe Market place and you have just a few bucks and feel like getting close to full...and now I think that Tempe Market place took Mill Ave's charm...and they need to step up to compensate killing a once adorned chill out spot for ASU and Tempe.  Shopping is good...we could deff replace CR for perhaps Sakana? Who knows...Bye for now!
When I moved to the Valley, our first place was a rental in Old Town.  The previous tenant/owner generously left a bunch of take-out menus for nearby restaurants.  Defalco's was one of them.  But not being a fan of the sandwich, it took me four years and a move to actually go in.  What a fool I was.  This place is fantastic!  First off, it's not just a deli, it's an Italian market.  Had I actually read the full name of the place, I might have known that.  It's also got a somewhat extensive selection of wine available for purchase.  So now we've moved from a deli, to a grocer, to a wine shop.  Don't forget the pasta dishes and the pastry, too.  My fave sandwich is the tomato, mozz, and basil on a sub roll with olive oil and balsamic.  Simple, yet perfection.  I'm a huge fan of those sub rolls by the way.  Crusty on the outside, but not so crusty that it makes a big mess every time you take a bite, yet soft and chewy on the inside.  It's always about the bread for me.  Great selection of prepared salads in the deli as well.  One of the best red potato salads I've had in a long time.It certainly won't take me another four years to go back.  I think I've been there just about every week in the last month!
Camus is a cute little trendy bar/restaurant located in the Clarendon hotel.  I came here for a business lunch awhile ago and really enjoyed it.  We were one of two tables though, so service was top notch.  Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and was able to answer any and all questions we had.The chef even came out to say a hello, which I found to be impressive.  The calamari app was excellent and my dish of mushroom gnocchi was amazing. I definitely recommend this place!
I had the pleasure of visiting FBH with my fave Foodie Bear and Robert a while back. (Yeah I'm behind on reviews). All I can say is WOW. I have become a fan of FBH. We walked in to a small, clean space. You order your yummy meal at the counter and you have to be quick to grab a table! My advice, grab a table then go order. For my yummy meal I had the fry bread with beans and green chile. I was delighted to see that I could wash my guilt-ridden meal down with Big Red Cream soda...mmm.. When I bit into my fry bread it was crispy and light on the outside and nice and chewy in the middle. It was so good. I wished for a little more spice or flavor from the green chile sauce, but it still did the job. We also tried the chocolate and butter fry bread. It was so-so in my opinion, but I'm not much of a sweets person so definitely not a knock on FBH! I will certainly visit FBH again maybe after I do a giant work out or have been fasting for 5 days... it's just too good to eat on a regular basis!
Chai is alive and well, and living at City Center at City North.I had been dating a gal name Starbucks for the past few years. She was a plain gal, generic if you will.  She was dependable and available. I was feeling as if i needed more out of my relationship, as you can imagine. So, at times, I would cheat on my gal with another gal named Coffee Bean. Coffee Bean was Kosher and a bit edgier, yet had a leaner list of qualities. I needed more out of my relationships. They say that when you're not looking for someone new, they appear. Well, that was the case with my new crush named Press. I had been to High Street for dinner Kona Grill, yet most of the other shops and restaurants were closed or not yet open for business at the time. I ventured back during daytime hours to give them another opportunity.  I had heard about Press, so I was more than excited to give it a go. At this point I was still making caffeine a part of my diet, so i ordered something called a "Dirty Chai." This was a Chai with espresso shots. Press uses a powdered Chai which, in my opinion, works better than the liquid or tea bag forms. I was also given the option to have my frothy delight in a ceramic cup.  I opted for that.  I felt like i was having the type of coffee house experience I had only just imagined. Press occupies a well appointed space, too.  From the wood and granite, to the stained concrete floors, I felt as if i were in a European city, not a Phoenix strip mall. The free wi-fi is a major plus, in my opinion. Press goes as far as to have a "dog friendly" cart outside, in its ample outdoor seating area. I spoke with Steve, the owner of Press, at length.  In talking, I asked how Press came to be, and he said that his wife had wanted to open a coffee shop one day.  Well Steve, you have certainly exceeded her expectations, as well as the residents of the Greater Phoenix area. By the way, Press serves sandwiches and soups, as well as an extensive list of wines. Check it out, the staff will make you feel at home, or like you're on vacation in the cozy European city of your choice.
I walked here in the heat and was immediately greeted with an ice cold beer. For free! It was a delicious IPA and the staff couldn't have been friendlier. There were even snacks. I also had another sample of their Camelback ale. Both were heaping samples, almost a full cup. The tour was fun and informative. The co owner George even gave me and my boyfriend a ride to the lightrail stop!! We didn't bring our bikes. So awesome.  Definitely recommend. Lovely way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
Great service, good beer, AMAZING burger and yummy sweet potato fries.  This place is an awesome bar food venue with a cool interior design, not too pricey or pretentious.
It pains me to write a negative review of PJ, but I just have to ... I was so excited for the new location to open because my husband and I go to the Indian School location any time we're down that way, and this is way closer to home. We were impressed by all the room up there! Not cramped like the other locations. Unfortunately, the food was not nearly as good! Both of our meals were not nearly as good as we've had before (at the other locations). Also, our service was terrible. We asked another server if ours was new, but nope: She'd bee there since it opened a couple months ago. She forgot jalapeno our hummus appetizer (to their credit, they brought it out after our meal and gave it to us for free, but it was bland and not that good). She charged me for a side of tahini, even though it was supposed to come with my veggie burger, and she never refilled our drinks. Overall, this was a very disappointing PJ experience. I'll try again one more time, but if it doesn't improve, I won't be going back to this North Valley location. :(
are you joking? Where else can you get the best salami, ham, any cold cuts anywhere? I just moved here 6 months ago and have been searching for a place like this. Their meats are fantastic. I discovered this place after driving by it so many times. thought I'd take a chance. Location is awful. but worth the trip.
At the recommendation of a friend, I met a client here for lunch.  My client was arriving from out of town and this joint is very conveniently located near the airport.  I guess once upon a time, it was an actual stockyard.  Now, it's an old school restaurant that has a lot of character.After browsing the menu, I opted for a BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich & Fries, $10.  To wash it down, I ordered Iced Tea.The Pork Sandwich was awesome, very tasty and a large portion.  You will get full.  The Fries were tasty as well.My client was impressed with the restaurant and put it on his "best place near the airport to have a lunch meeting" list....+++The service was great and we were able to have a good lunch meeting that left us both satisfied.Return Factor - 100%
Still love their product, but their online ordering process just doesn't work.  First time, my order was sent to the wrong market.  Second time, I was shorted a package of chops.  I checked the bag before I left the market, so it was only a minor inconvenience.  Third time I ordered bacon, which was listed as available on the web site, and then contacted and advised it was not and may not be available for a few weeks.  Since I paid upon ordering, I had to go through the hassle of waiting for a refund.I've also noticed inconsistency in portion size which is a problem considering you pay by product, rather than pound.  Boneless chops should be roughly 6-oz each, yet I've received 4-oz chops at times, resulting in 50% less product for the same price.  Not a deal breaker for me, but something to consider.I continue to purchase from these guys regularly, but no longer try to order ahead.  And I do wish they would have bacon available more often!
I have been here countless times since my last review and found myself here for a quick drink and some appetizers last night.  I took a huge hiatus as I was in Michigan for a month and then have been crazy busy since arriving back in Phoenix and transitioning into a new job- I was sad because I thought they would've forgotten me.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that they did not forget me at all.  I love that!We grabbed some brews and shared the patatas bravas (a personal favorite) and the mushroom appetizer.  The mushroom appetizer was heavy on the cheese but still a tasty bite.  The patatas bravas really never fail- they remind me of my Mom's version of french fries.  I'd highly recommend this place for a date- it seems to pay off in more ways than one.  Always great service and interesting eats- still lovin' Tuck Shop for being in my neighborhood!
Look it upsets me that you have to give even one star. I can read the other reviews and I have been here more than a few times but tonight it was just beyond a bad dinner. Yes, we were the table of 7 people at about 8pm, yes we were group at the high top tables that were pushed together. You would have to remember us because we were the table that had 1/2 of a waiter. It was so nice of you to take the time to take our order and then let the waiter go home because he had been there since lunch. You know what sucks more than working 2 shifts? How about being the last table for the guy who worked 2 shifts, it was so nice of the manager to let him leave, but hey how about taking the time to have someone FINISH the open orders? Simply the food was not good and you are over priced.But the worst part is that your staff is just not good at their job, THEY DONT CARE and that is a result of MANAGEMENT not caring.
One star would be giving it a holiday gift!For me Copper Star Coffee Shop has been a place where consistency and pride is taken in their food and presentation. Unfortunately, Circle H BBQ is nothing like the prior statement.My first visit to Circle H BBQ centered on ordering a half slap of ribs. They were extremely over-cooked.  There was more charcoal on the top, back and ends that was just not editable.  Once you scraped away the charcoal, on the tops, ends and the center ribs, there was one that was eatable. The company offered me a second chance to try their food, by giving me a complementary full slap.  Nothing had improved.They say they smoke the ribs, but there was no odor to that effect. In face the ribs I ordered the second time spend over 20 minutes on the grill after the order was placed.Btw...the waitress at the front counter couldn't even tell be the type of rub on the ribs and the type of cut they were. When I asked if they were smoked (cooked) daily, she said some are if you get here early - others were from the refrigerator from last night. The so called "dry-rub" seasoning was tasteless. The BBQ sauce is major strange!The bottom line is the ribs were not worth the cost they were charging. ($14/Half for 6 bones and $26/Whole 12-13 bones both with sides) I have high hopes for the brisket, but it might be a while untill I try that endeavor.Overall if they don't change the way they 'burn" the ribs, run, run or drive real fast to another place.  The charcoal is not good for you and there is lots of it!Honey Bears, My Mothers or even driving to Famous Dave's is well worth the trip.Sorry to burst your bubble, I too, had high hops for a centrally located rib place.  I'm still waiting.
I hate having to give out three star reviews. For me, 1-star isn't the worst possible rating you can an establishment, a 3 is. Because 3 stars means it invoked no reaction to you, neither joy or disgust, no pleasure or pain. I'd rather eat at a really shitty place that I'll remember than a so-so eatery that I'll forget the moment I get back into my truck.If I want mediocre "take it or leave it" food I'll just cook for myself, kthxbye.As BFeF's (Best Frienemies Forever), Clarice W and I frequently have lunch together in the Peoria area. The decision on what to eat is usually made using the following criteria: Where haven't we been that we can yelp about?Our last lunch involved us going to Hope Kee and getting all wrapped up in their cutesy snack section and coming in late to work. So we needed somewhere relatively closer with no Hello Kitty gummi lips to distract us from our voyage back.Clarice suggested Casa Filipina, a Filipino place by the Lenny's Burger somewhere near but not necessarily 35th Avenue.We were welcomed in by the staff and taken immediately to a nice cozy table by the window. We were given our menus by the excited and talkative waiter I would come later to know as "that fucking guy". At first I was a little troubled reading the menu. I was once in a relationship with a Filipino girl that was so tumultuous and unloving that when I seriously thought of breaking up with her that my first thought "but  man, I love her mother's cooking...". But aside from the adobo and lumpia, I saw nothing else on the menu that I could recall from all those awkward awkward family dinners.I can't tell if this means there's more to the cuisine than I'm aware of or that said ex's mother was, as well as a good cook, a fucking liar. Either way, I'm glad I left her in the end anyway.I ordered the Dinguan, which translates as "chocolate pork".Don't be fooled by the name, all you saucy foodies out there thinking of that Iron Chef America where they made savory dishes with chocolate.Chocolate pork is actually pork cooked in pig's blood. I'll repeat that.It's pig's blood. It's called "chocolate pork" because the blood takes on a brownish-black hue after it's been cooked.After hearing this from that fucking guy, Clarice changed her original order (we even order the same thing! aren't we just the cutest!) to the Bistek Tagalog, which she was familiar with and knew she would like.All the entries come with at CFB is a side of ride. I'm not sure if it's jasmine, white, or saffron, because I always opt for noodles when given the option. And if you get that fucking guy, that rice doesn't even come with soy sauce. After serving us, he disappeared into the bakery, talking it up with some of the other customers. Clarice didn't get her soy sauce until after we had finished our entrees and were on our second helping of rice. Thankfully my chocolate pork came with a lot of sauce and I was able to dribble it on my rice. That's right, muchachos. We trannies prefer blood on our rice. You think about that the next time you try to tell us what bathrooms we can use, amigo.I couldn't taste the pork. All I tasted was the blood. They could've just dumped a quart of blood on my rice and called it a day. The texture was nice though.Clarice wasn't as fortunate with her dish. While I've tried to stay away from beef (it's enough of a commitment to keep my vegetarian brother off my back but not interfere with my eating habits), I had some of the Bistek, and it was passable. It reminded me of beef jerky, with its dry spicy roughness. Good, but not sure if that's how it's meant to taste.Moral of the story: Clarice's entree did NOT make its own gravy, which made eating her rice a little inconvenient. And seriously, JUST rice (really good rice, but seriously, how hard is it to make good rice)? Even my neighborhood so-poor-it-steals-its-recipes-from-other-restaurants Chinese place gives you an eggroll or wonton with your meal. As the place is so fucking proud of its desserts, we ordered some. Clarice got the Creme Brulee and I got the mango tart. That fucking guy was in the middle of bringing Clarice her spoon when he caught the attention of another customer, so we sat for a good few minutes waiting to dig in. In the meantime, I managed to come up with a name for the color of the filling in my tart : burnt earwax. My tart was about as tasty and edible as that term would imply.Clarice's creme brulee was good, albeit a little cold by the time that fucking guy came with her spoon.On our way out I learned that the bill had to be over 10 dollars before they would accept debit.After I imagined beating every one of the staff near to death with a rolling pin, I got an eclair to go.What I got was a bunch of whipped cream between two pieces of rock-hard pastry that you'd get at Fry's. Essentially, a diabetes sandwich.Casa Filipina isn't good. But it's not bad.That's the proble
"Fine dining" is not just a setting.  it isn't just good food.  It is many things that add up to an attitude. I have had the opportunity to find it in different cities. I found it the other night at the Stockyards.We were seated by a host who took us to our table and when we were properly seated gave us menus.  Our server came to the table and introduced herself and said she would return shortly.  It was nice to have a moment to chat before we had to think about ordering.  When she did return,  our glasses were filled-not something we should have  to wait for her to do when the service is right.  She knew the selections on the menu and all available options and could make sensible comments concerning them.  Our salads were served promptly by two additional people and were as fresh as I could ask for.  When my friend was finished with hers they asked if they could take her plate.  I was pleased when they didn't ask me if I was finished with my salad and could they take my plate.  If I'd been finished I could have told them.  We were able to continue our conversation uninterrupted as I finished my salad.  The salad plate was removed  when it was appropriate and we had a few minutes before the entrees were served.  All was in keeping with a relaxed dining.  At no time did I have to think about having drinks refilled, it just happened quietly.After a few minutes our dinners were served by the two gentlemen and our server appeared to make sure they were to our satisfaction before we started.  There was no room for error there that couldn't be resolved before we started.  My friend had ordered a small steak. My friend is  quite elderly and Kathy, our server, discretely asked her if she'd like it cut for her.  A potato also was served with her dish.  I asked my friend which of the condiments she would like it prepared with.  She look at me and said "Prepared with?" She didn't understand what I was getting at but Kathy did and was already reaching for the potato.   She opened the potato and smiled while my friend said a bit of everything.  One doesn't go to a restaurant like the stockyards to have to deal with opening a hot potato and preparing it.   When serving is done properly, these things don't have to be discussed.  Kudos to, Kathy!!!.  That is part of the fine dining experience.I had a full rack of ribs which were so tender the meat fell of them.  The sauce had spice to it but not so strong the flavor of the meat was concealed.  I also can tell you that unless you are a big eater, half a rack would fill most people.  My friend said, "Yummy!"  and I agreed.  I am used to getting a finger bowl for clean up after eating, but I can't complain about the two extra napkins and several ways of cleaning my fingers that accompanied my ribs.  My friend let them know we were celebrating the 17th anniversary of my 39th birthday so they served me a free desert.  I can assure you the pecan pie is a delight!  Warm and laced with brandy, it was perfect way to finish our dinner.The stockyards, I might mention, is not inexpensive, but what an enjoyable way to spend your money. They do offer two dinner specials you won't find at most other places.  They do have a luncheon menu that has lower prices.   Don't expect chrome and music that is a bit to loud as many of the new places offer.  Instead, just enjoy a time and place where they pamper you as you should be when you go to the Stockyards.I don't consider the stockyards to be a place you where shorts and Nike's, but of course there are always a few.  I would say a nice shirt and slacks at least.
Came here last night with the girlies to satisfy our craving for Indian food.  We've talked about this place for a while, and I'll be damned if I was leaving AZ before stopping by this place!  So luckily, I was able to convince one of the girls that finals are not as important as saying goodbye to me over a plate of curries.We got their around 8 and the place had a good crowd.  We were the only white girls, so we know we were in for a good meal.  Going over the menu took us a while, because one of the girls had no clue what she wanted, and the server was polite enough to let us take our time.Before we figured out what we wanted for dinner, of course we had to figure out drinks.  So we all order and still continue to peruse the menu.  Then our drinks came out...huge plus for this place right here, they were huge!  My gin and tonic was in an oversized cocktail glass and my friend's Chardonnay was filled to the brim.  No skimping on alcohol here!  The waiter advised us the drinks were strong, which I was fine with but my girlfriend needed 3 more limes to take hers down.We finally end up decided on dinner, with the shahih paneer, chicken saag, and vegetable korma, and an order of garlic naan.  I was a little unsure about the paneer, but my girlfriends swore by it.When the food arrived, we were excited!  Everything smelled so flavorful and the naan was huge, good thing we only got one order.  I loved every single bite I had at dinner, and the feeling was mutual across the table.  All of us ate beyond the point of feeling full, but we couldn't help ourselves!  This food was too good!Luckily, we were able to stop ourselves and save some food to take home.  I got the chicken saag and I am so excited to have some for my own brunch.  Mmmmm...I'm getting hungry thinking about it now.Overall, $20 a person including tip, with strong drinks, good food, and extras to take home we were satisfied.
I love vegetarian restaurants! I support them 200%. So glad this place exists in Phoenix. The quality of the food is beyond excellent. The meals are creative and super tasty. Never disappointed. The only qualm I have is the service. It...is...slow. Whether it's the time it takes for my meal to reach my table or the cashier taking my order to ring it up correctly. The length of time it takes should not be so long. Prices are a bit steep but most vegetarian/vegan restaurants are priced a bit higher than others. I don't mind paying more for quality. Overall this place is a favorite weekend visit. I can't wait for my next meal at Pomegranate Cafe.
This place is pretty fantastic. I actually felt like I was in a real life city when I was sitting here the other day on my laptop looking out the window. I sorely miss living in a real life city, specifically Boston, so places like this make me super happy. Staff are really cool and helpful. Its spacious and clean, and I don't feel like everyone in the place can see my screen, not that there is anything weird on there... okay there probably is, but bottom line is no one else is staring over my shoulder making me feel self conscious about shit I enjoy looking at on the internet. The coffee is delicious and strong. Nothing worse than a weak cup'o joe. I had a pot of their Orange Detox also, which wasn't terrible, but I could tell they used tap water.. I loathe tap water and can immediately tell a difference because I think the tap here tastes absolutely fucking disgusting. I still drank it though, because the chick promised me it would help me feel better.. Guess what, I sneezed all night. O'well.Another thing I liked about this place is that there aren't 500 hipsters or emo-assholes sitting around looking depressed.. maybe I was lucky that day because it wasn't very crowded at all. So yeah, I dug Lola, and the prices are CHEAP. Thankfully this is yet another groovy coffee shop in the valley that is there to help me avoid the Corporate Whore that is Starbucks.
I decided to give this place another shot.  This time around I was sober, and thus have actual memories.After grabbing a drink my friend and I decided to head out to the patio.  A group of 3 guys graciously let us share their table since the place was packed.  A short period later one of the guys pours his drink into the candle holder and storms off.  I made a comment about it being his time of the month and I'm not so sure they appreciated it because they all left.  Although, the most sober of the bunch seemed embarrassed.  Whatever, free table, woohoo!Next table starts having a beer fight.  I'm not kidding.  I then started feeling really old.And overdressed.An employee comes by to clean up the empty bottles from my table and notices the candle holder full of liquid.  I told him about the guy with PMDD.  He made a little joke about the the guy being upset over my rejection of him.  Final analysis- Patron has some cool employees and some not so cool customers.
These are simply the BEST sandwiches and salads. If you like your food (a) locally grown; (b) freshly made; (c) organic/all natural; and (d) yummy - and who doesn't? - this is the place for you.Now, admittedly they have something of a soup-nazi routine set up and if you walk in and don't know the drill, it can be confusing.  So pay attention:   1.  Look at menu.2.  Decide what you want.3.  Wait your turn to order.4.  Order (give your name).5.  Wait your turn to be called to pay the other girl for the order you placed.6.  Pay her.7.  Wait until your food is ready.8.  Leave with your food.Note that there is no place to sit inside - so you can either sit outside, or, (if it is 157 degrees out that day), see if you can find a place to sit over at LUX, they are very welcoming of Pane Bianco diners. It's all good.
After a couple recent visits I can't help but notice that Mellow Mushroom just isn't the place it was when it first opened.  I remember enjoying full pints of St.Berardus Christmas Ale at happy hour prices as well as other "high gravity" options that were served in normal glasses.  Now they're in smaller glasses that look like a highball or rocks glass, but the price isn't smaller.   When I go in prime dining hours somehow 3 of us can rack up a tab exceeding $100 and it just seems a bit extreme for pizza 'n beers.  This isn't the Biltmore or Kierland.  It's a very middle class area and I'm not sure how the prices are a good match for folks who live nearby and dine here.But it's not just the prices I guess.  It seems like a lot of the servers are not happy and give attitude, and I'm a very polite person in public so I know it wasn't me. At the bar last winter I've chatted with a guy who knows a lot about beer but lately it seems the bartenders are just attractive females who don't really know craft beer, and the overall demographic in the bar isn't the same.  Call me an old fart, but I'd rather talk about West Coast beers than have all the eye candy.  Also they have all these wonderful beers but it seems like everyone around me was ordering Coors' Blue Moon.  Why can't those people just hang out at TGI Friday's?
Restaurants that are open 24 hours play an important role for certain kinds of people - ones that work odd hours, people who like to eat at non-standard times of day, and, of course, people who are out late partying and want to put something in their stomach at 3 am. Taco Felix is a godsend for anyone who falls into one or more of the above categories. It provides decent and affordably-priced Mexican food 24 hours a day and best of all, it has a drive-through. My husband and I tried this place for the first time for lunch today. We went at a standard time of day because this place is just a few blocks from us and we wanted to see if it was decent before we tried it out one night after midnight after karaoking it up at Silver Pony (just a block or so away). We ordered 4-5 different items - rolled tacos, bean tostada, carne asada taco, quesadilla supreme, and a chile relleno - and a large soda, and it only came out to $12! As a side note, the credit card receipt didn't provide a space to leave a tip, so you should bring a few bucks to thank the employee working for their efforts. The only major downside was that it took quite a while for our food to come, since the drive-through was hopping (lots of people getting menudo after a crazy Friday night, I'm assuming) and there were only 2 chefs and one server (who had to take and serve both drive-through and eat-in orders). However, the food was definitely decent and the portions really sizable, and we felt that it was a great value for our money. Now that we know Taco Felix serves good food for good prices, we won't hesitate to come back during one of those unusual times - to get a chorizo/egg burrito on the way to an early morning flight, to grab a mid-afternoon snack when most other places are closed, or to fill our stomachs late one night after a few drinks.
While doing a bicycle ride to the Orange Table, I pointed to a friend that LuLus Cupcakes was accessbile from our bike path. She immediately exclaimed- "we are SO there tomorrow!"Today, I get a phone call at 4pm, saying she is picking me up to go get those damn cupcakes. She was serious! Since I had off and she got off early, we were able to visit the holy mecca of cupcake land. She picked me up in what may be one of the most ridiculous blue convertables known to man and we zoomed up to Scottsdale, blasting bad hip hop, psyched about individual iced cakes!Upon arrival, the space was sparse and very IKEA-ish. Pinks and lime greens dominate the palate. To the right of the counter was t-shirts, rubber duckies and other merch. They do have a brown with orange stripes guy shirt...in XL. I guess big men love cupcakes!But the real star are the cupcakes themselves...lovingly displayed under glass domes. Carrot cakes, german chocolate cake, mocha chocolate cake, blonde (vanilla on vanilla), chocolate on vanilla, and the special of the day key lime....oh man. MERCY. I kept dodging between the carrot and the mocha and went for the Mocha. All natural ingrediants and VEGAN sprinkles! (But very much all dairy icings, btw). Our lady, I think Melissa, was super helpful and even offered samplings of cupcakes to help us decide. She put each individual cupcake in a plastic bubble and in a cute lime green/pink dotted bag. She noted they do have mini cupcakes for events (OMG) and I would totally splurge for those suckers. The only real negative (besides times..I mean if this place was open late, it would be HEAVEN) was the lack of drink choices. Coffee, milk or water. Um..I mean, I dont knew a bazillion options, but even tea would have been nice. I chose hot coffee which was fine. But iced coffee as an option would have been kick ass...or lime rickeys! OMG!As an FYI, you can leave the strip mall complex and head down to the park and eat your delectables under  a shaded tree on a park bench over looking a "pond" like we did. I savoured my 2.95 cupcake, and the icing and cake was perfect. I cant even describe how yummy it was. It was worth every cent. And they arent gigantic, so you feel perfectly satisfied with your cupcake.100% Natural, 100% Naughty is their logo...LOVE IT!
I'm so in love with this place :) I tried the pepperoni pizza and I was AMAZED. i love that they have a fresh herb/vegetable garden in the front.  It's all about the FRESH ingredients these days.  I can't wait to go back and try different dishes. I'd like to try the cheese platters :) mouth watering as we speak.  going again to day so I'll keep adding to this review. STAY TUNED! BTW, the decor reminds me of the VIG but definitely more spacious dining area.
took mom here for a visit on friday.  overall I like queen creek olive mill. I like that you can enjoy a meal or snack outside.  I like the stuffed olives and even though i didn't do the tour this time, i think that it is a great idea.  so, i have to say in general I'm a fan. with that said.... mom and I had lunch already but the food I did see did not look promising but we did enjoy two small gelatos ( $5.00).  I wish they offered some complimentary bread to sample the olive oils with.  Its a little difficult to find but very cute place to take your mom or friend or anyone who likes olive oil!
We had read good things about Over Easy, and were excited to try it out. We went a few days after Christmas, and were horribly disappointed.When we walked in, we were seated by one server. Then, a few minutes later, another host came up to us and asked why we stole a table and did we not understand how seating works? We were quite confused and offended, as we were seated properly and had done nothing wrong.Then, once we ordered, we waited over 45 minutes for our food. Finally, we asked about it, and then it was out within a few minutes. They had completely lost our order.When our food arrived, one dish (the Over Easy -- toasted brioche with spinach & an egg) was absolutely inedible. The brioche was so burnt that we could barely cut it, as was the bacon. The fried egg was very undercooked, even though we requested it completely cooked through. I was honestly shocked the server brought us the dish without saying anything, since it was clearly burnt.The other 2 dishes (banana & pecan french toast, and the Loretta sandwich) were just alright -- certainly nothing to rave about. And, the 3 of us ended up splitting these 2 dishes, since the other dish was awful. We ended up leaving early because we were all so disappointed. At which point, our server asked if we'd like a box for our uneaten burnt brioche. It would have been much more appropriate for her to ask if there was something wrong with it, since it was obviously not eaten.Anyway, I'm not sure if we just caught them on a bad day, but I would never go back again or recommend Over Easy to anyone else.
Some of the best pizza I've had in Phoenix. I prefer to get takeout since the inside is a little...eh... but who cares if the food's good! I love the crust, crispy and slightly chewy. The pizza can be a little greasy sometimes (but hey, it's pizza), but as long as it doesn't soak through and make the crust all flimsy (which has never happened with the pizzas I get here!) it's nothing that a paper towel or two can't fix! I'm not a big wing person but my dad has had them and he says they're pretty good.The staff has always been super-friendly, and they actually remember me, even though I only come in once every couple months!
Meh is right. This place was a big yawn for me...I went with a group of 5 (well, 4 adults, one kiddo). This is another one of those places that tries to be fancy and pretty much sucks -- for the price and portion size anyway. We ordered beef stew, chorizo stuffed dates, halibut, cheeze sticks, chicken and white cheddar waffles, and some beers. First on the beers... They have Four Peaks 8th Street on tap (privately labeled as Tucks Ale or something like that) and I was happy to see this -- I love this beer. However, halfway into my meal my glass was dry and it sat that way for a good 10 minutes. If you've read any of my other yelps, you know I expect a refill promptly, especially if you expect me for forget your marginal service and mediocre food... When the waitress came around, she asked if I wanted another beer, I said yes. Another 10 minutes went by, me parched, growing annoyed... When she came around again it was clear she forgot all about me, then asked one of my friends if they wanted another beer -- I assertively said YES. She looked at me and proclaimed her sorrow, said it would be right up. Another 10 minutes go by, she swings by and apologizes that they had to change the keg. I understand that -- but between the FIRST and second time I asked, I watched the bartender pour another 4 or 5 8th Streets. But I didn't get one.As for the food? Super duper BLAND. Come on Tuck's! Fancy (read expensive) food should be an explosion of complex flavor in my mouth. If I have to put table salt and pepper on it just to taste something, you pretty much suck. If we pay $30+ per person and I leave hungry, you pretty much suck. The fried chicken was pretty good, but I've had the same quality stuff from the deli at Safeway.Overall, not impressed and see no reason to return. If you're taking a girl out on a first date who is more into atmosphere than food -- she'll probably think you are the man. But really, do you want a girl like that?
I feel like such a noob. We consider ourselves foodies to a certain degree, but before joining Yelp we had never heard of this magical mysterious place called Fez. So after seeing the sheer volume of good reviews on the place, it was pretty much destiny that a trip to Fez was in order. Upon first arriving there the first thing that'll catch your eye is how trendy it is. The place is drenched with a hipster vibe that's hard to shake. You'll also quickly notice a very skewed gay:straight ratio. I would usually never bring this up, but it was quite obvious the night we went that we were possibly one of the only straight couples there. This extends to the waiters too... don't get me wrong, I have no problem with it... in fact it made for a more fun and interesting dining experience; just be forewarned if you aren't comfortable with things like being offered a drink called "The G-Spot" by a feminine male waiter, this may not be the type of place for you. So now... onto the food. The food was superb... starting off with those heavenly Cinnamon-dusted Sweet Potato Fries. Damn they're good... basically they're some of the best fries I've ever had, period. I bow down the God of Cinnamon and Sweet Potatoes... because the combination is heavenly. For our main dish we got a Fez Kisra followed by the Apricot glazed Salmon. Both were quite yummy. The Kisra is basically a healthier version of a pizza with some more adventurous types of toppings... the one we got had pears on it. It was good, but would be hard to eat one alone because the flavor is quite distinct and a little rich... so it's perfect to split. The salmon was well cooked and flavorful, no complaints there. Overall we had a great meal at Fez, we'll more than likely be back... if anything to try 'Fez Foodies' which we've heard so much about. What a cool place!
Stopped in last night for a take out dinner. I wanted to bring home something different than burgers or a pizza or fried chicken. So I used my Yelp app.... And showed Yusefs nearby with good reviews.The owner was a very personable person....and very helpful. Everything smelled wonderful, and it was pretty busy....all good signs.I order 2 of the falafel dinner plates, and the stuffed grape leaves plate. The only "side" for a dinner plate was the split pea soup. It was a generous portion....and VERY GOOD!The falafel and grape leave were both generous portions....and delicious!I want to go back a do a little grocery shopping for some of the unique items that I think you could find only in Phoenix here.Good job Yusef! I liked it!
We came here Sunday morning for a wonderful breakfast. Our server was Colleen. She was very attentive and we had  a great meal. The menu is so extensive with many ,many options. I got Florentine Eggs Benedict and my boyfriend had a fabulous omelet with potatoes and toast. They were both delish!     Their Potatoes are fab!!   The Decor was very nice, and even though they were so busy,we did not wait long at all for our table.  Big parking lot and a nice waiting area as well. We will defiantly come back here soon.
If not for the aircraft landing and taking off, you'd be crazy to eat here.Prices are about the same as Denney's.Cleanliness, really needs to be improved.Wait Staff, isn't very efficient. Apart from the menu, they do offer a Sunday Breakfast Brunch.
I just re-visited Cheese 'N Stuff this weekend after a while.  I guess just eat during their limited hours very often.  They close very early (4pm).I love their liverwurst sandwiches and the Bismark but this time I decided to try the Doughboy people speak of minus mayo as I do not enjoy warm sandwich lubrication.  As ever the place is tiny, homey and spotlessly clean.  I had some of the hot German Potato salad as a side and a ginger ale.   All were yummy, delicious and satisfying!  As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this classic sandwich but I've only been able to get them at Chompie's in the valley.  There are loads of interesting European cookies to get packages of as dessert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpool as the lot is smallish.  I guess they stopped giving pickles with sandwiches, bummer.
Food Truck Fav right here!I've been wanting to try Pizza People's Pizza for a while now.  I found out they were setting up at 180 Degree's Automotive and I figured if Bogi was hosting them then I needed to check them out!  I finally caught up with them at Local Fest.Bogi was actually there helping them out and she told me that they were only sampling the regular pizza and the gluten free pizza was $8 but she assured me it was yummy!  First of all $8 for a 2 item gf crust pizza is a deal!  Secondly, Bogi said they were her some of her best friends in the world...and I trust her implicitly....so I ponied up my dollars and waited about six minutes.  I ordered my pie with pepperoni and fresh tomato.  I took it back to my table to share with my Mama (who is also gluten free) and we both said at about the same time: " Oh, my gosh this is really good!"   Something I've only said about twice since eating gf pizza!The sauce is fresh, the dough was the best gf dough I've had to date and the toppings were just divine.  I need to put a GPS tracking unit on this truck so I can track it daily! (Oh, wait.........I can just check their facebook page!)  Yeah, I'd eat it daily!  It's that good!
Fancy ladies with a few gays sprinkled in. This is NM Cafe!Popovers. Prawn and avocado salad. Glass of Sauvignon Blanc.Make your reservation under Candy Spelling's name. You will get the BEST table. Works every time.
Waffle Houses are bomb but this one is my favorite.  Not only is it 24 hours but it is super clean and well lit.  There are totally some seedy people who go here but their conversations just make for very interesting background noise.  As far as the food, the prices are cheap, the menu is semi-a-la-carte and the the waffles are amazingly crisp and perfect.  This is THE Waffle House to visit.  Go now, do it.  How good does a waffle sound right now anyways?  That's right, Pretty Damn Good.
Now worthy of 5 stars for replacing their toilet with one that actually flushes. It's always nice when a place that sells diuretic beverages has a working toilet.---The baked goods are baked right there in the coffee house, by their employees.  The coffee is roasted right there, on site. Iced tea refills are free, bitches. The baristas are hep cats who ride fixie bikes. Now, I like to coast, but shit...  Gotta give them cred. If you go often enough, the other regulars will be friendly. If you hate Mac laptops, you probably should stay away. The new tables are great. There are power outlets everywhere. It's next to Pane Bianco. I run into my homies there on the regular. When it comes to coffee shops in CenPho, there is no competitor. Jeff, the owner, is a cool dude. The seating outside is nice. I have been known to spend all day there, and use it as my office away from home and my real office. I seriously probably spend about 16 hours a week there or so, maybe more some weeks, working on my laptop and occasionally people watching. Did I mention that I kind of like this place?
First off, let me congratulate OHSO on being open for business!  I was thrilled to see another local watering hole open in the neighborhood.  I frequent Arcadia Tavern and JT's often and will most likely add O.H.S.O to the rotation.  Upon entering OHSO, I remember my first impression being "Is this place really ready to be open for business".  I noticed a few unfinished details on the building (maybe intentionally) that left me wondering if this place decided to open overnight.Simple said, I appreciate good service.  There was a lack of this at O.H.S.O.  We were not greeted when we walked in.  There was a group of employees talking at the host stand and I had to approach them before they recognized our group.  They quickly said it was open seating and got back to their converstaion.  We grabbed seats in a booth in the bar area.  We probably sat there for about 5 mins trying to make sense of the various colored menus strewn across the table.  As we were all very thirsty for a cold beer, we decided to finally order at the bar.  Someone eventually came by.After some of our party left, 2 of us moved up to the bar and asked the bartender a few questions.  No one seemed to know what was going on.  Everyone appeared to be extremely busy with "busy work" instead of helping the patrons.  Seemed like a lack of training with the staff.  Overall, I think this place has the potential to be a cool spot and truly hope it does well.  If I could offer a few suggestions, they would be:1.  Have a dedicated host(s) greet people at the front door.  Take a hint from Arcadia Tavern.  I have never walked in there and not been greeted by a friendly smile.2.  Get the music in order.  If you want to a progressive/hip local brewery, you are going to have to do better than a "killers" album that was popular 4 years ago.3.  You have something that people want...BEER!  It's great service and attention to detail that will keep patrons coming back.I look forward to my next visit and I hope some of these kinks are worked out.
After waiting for over a month for this place to open, constantly annoyed by the sign on the door stating, "Training in Progress" I was expecting something spectacular.  The name itself "Revo Burrito, Revolutionary Mex" set me up thinking I was walking into...a revolutionary burrito joint!  My husband and I were disappointed to say the least.  He had the Chicken Machaca Burrito, which the counter girl said was her favorite.  And it was, well, just a chicken burrito, at best.  There was so much liquid oozing out the bottom from the wet lettuce and wet pico that he had to move his chips to another plate because they were swimming.  I had the Black Bean Burrito.  The menu had stated the beans were slow simmered in garlic, onions & seasonings...sounded delish!  However it tasted like they walked next door to Safeway and bought a can of black beans, heated them up and rolled them into a tortilla.  It was also supposed to include their "special cheese blend" AND there was only a SLIGHT SPRINKLE of cheese...literally!  I actually opened up the tortilla to make sure they didn't forget it.  Call me crazy, but when I order a bean & CHEESE burrito, I'd like to have at least a small amount of cheese.  I guess their idea of special cheese is magical, disappearing cheese.The rice with corn & a drizzle of cream was especially delicious & the fresh-squeezed lemonade was tart & perfectly sweetened. We also liked the decor & the windowed kitchen.For the price you pay for a very, simple burrito, that offers nothing revolutionary about it, their menu is over priced.  I would rather go to Baja Fresh or any other neighborhood Mexican restaurant.
Mmm!  Delicious Indian food and a great selection of vegetarian dishes.I LOVE the fact that each dish is mildly spiced, and left up to the individual to customize the flavor depending on which sauces they choose.  I'm a spicy lightweight so it was great that I didn't have to worry about getting something too hot to enjoy.I had a bowl of brown rice, cumin potatoes and tofu masala with a cool yogurt-cucumber-mint sauce on the side.  It was fantastic!  I can't wait to go back....also, I thought it was adorable that we were given a golden dollar coin with our check for "making the drive to their location and to compensate for high-gas prices".  A memorable gesture!
Nearly half a decade ago, a man's fantasy became reality in a form never seen before: Scottsdale, Arizona. The motivation for overhauling the city's master plan was to create the greatest feast for the senses in the American Southwest. Everyday, reputations are on the line as master chefs pit their artistic creations against each other.If my memory serves me correctly, and I think it does, the French first colonized Indochine in hopes of seeking access to rubber. And the greatest beneficiary of this decision would be the brothers Andre and Edouard Michelin, inventors of the world's first removable pneumatic tire. To encourage automobile sales, and by extension, their tires, the Michelin Company begin to print free travel guides at the turn of the century with recommendations and ratings systems for restaurants, hotels, and attractions throughout France. These ratings are still the most influential culinary grades in the Western world. It should come as no surprise that as controversy about the Michelin system has grown, Vietnamese cuisine has finally seen the rubber hit the road.A recent addition to Scottsdale's culinary universe is Andre Nguyen. Having migrated to America near the end of Republican Vietnam. Arriving in Seattle, Nguyen attended culinary school and met his wife, Noel. But despite the lure of of other cuisines, the chef stayed true to his roots and opened Andre's Eurasian Bistro in the suburb of Bellevue. His success was almost derailed by a fire that gutted the place. Ngyuen however used the time as a sabbatical, improving his craft, and re-opened his restaurant. Local journalists likened it to the Greek mythological creature of rebirth , the phoenix.But as luck would have it, he and his wife sought out to leave soggy Seattle for arid Arizona for a different Phoenix. At the end of 2005, they took over a hole-in-the-wall called Pho AZ and named it "Noodles Ranch". Here today, Chef Andre rules the roost with impressive skill.The interior decor flatters the otherwise mundane feel of the strip mall in which it sits. Andre has been careful to use color and light to accent various pictures, newspaper clippings and other decorations. But what will surprise the visitor is the degree in which Andre takes this so seriously as to neglect not even the bathroom from this regime.His menu is a mix of predictable, authentic Vietnamese dishes and his own creations borrowed from other cuisines or his own imagination. Chef Andre is not a reckless auteur, but his more audacious dishes may have fewer fans than his bread and butter. As the Chef takes many of the orders personally, guests often might assume the service to be poor, undercut by Andre's own seemingly curt personality. But this ignores the fact that in authentic Asian restaurants, servers often seem more distant and unpleasant than Denny's. Do not let Andre's intent become lost in translation.Finally, in standing with his other bretheren, the Chef achieves this all with low prices. Now Chef Andre, "the Giant", after years of success in the land of gray skies face your greatest challenge yet. Hold your own against the city's most eminent gourmands, not just for you but for the good of all Scottsdale.
The owner of Vermont Sandwich Co. just contacted me and offered to make right what happened to me during my last visit.  Nice gesture but I had to decline.  I didn't write what I did for a handout but I'm giving this place one more star for the offer.Vermont Sandwich Co is very highly rated.  For the owner to try to make right by one negative commenter among a multitude of positive, says something about the owner's integrity.I think a return visit to Vermont Sandwich Co. may be in order...
meh...... I'm torn.I found this store to be a little bit of a walking contradiction.(okay, not "walking" but you dig what I'm saying) Reminds me of myself in alot of ways....not all of which are good.  You see, I recycle EVERYTHING at work because the cute little receptacles are provided for me by waste management thus leading me to not actually think about what I'm doing. Plus, I co-manage a 26 story high rise mid-town and with the whole "green" movement, we'd be setting ourselves up for some major problems if we didn't comply with demand and of course, it does just "make sense".     At home, not so much and to be blunt I don't really think twice about it. (go on.....hate) This is how I feel about Fresh & Easy. Hybrid parking (fkn ridiculous) but no bike rack?? WTF??.....  Tons of bullshit organic produce and no preservatives  but then everything has been super sealed in some weird plastic containers. The F&E brand crapola that I tried was mediocre at best,  also,  it seemed like everything I picked up was within a day of expiration. I don't know about you F&E. We could be kindred sprits.... but two wrongs don't always make a right.
Bitzee Mama's isn't my mama! My mama wouldn't have kept her hungry son waiting forever for his lunch. She wouldn't have let my go thirsty with no refills. She does make a good bowl of salsa so that makes it alright, right? Took my real mama there for lunch.. I ordered the taco salad and ma ordered the cheese enchilada plate.. also a bowl or red chile. Taco salad was alright except the taco shell was so mushy from water it literally fell apart when I picked it up.. glad I wasn't eating the shell. She's old school.. makes a darn good cheese enchilada and refried beans. Struck out again with the red chile.. I swear, can no one except La Canasta make red chile? While the meat was tender and the sauce was smooth it had a weird orange color to it and the meat tasted, well wasn't any beef Ive ever had. On the way to the counter to pay my bill I noticed that almost everyone was eating chimichanga's.. well then, looks like I ordered the wrong thing! Place is also uber cheap. Be careful what you order and mama will be just fine.
It was family day (the ex and I like to see our son smile) and we were starving... after driving around for a while we pulled up to Arriba's and said "what the hell..."That's also what we said when some of the food came, as in "what the hell is this??"So positive first.  The server was pretty quick and he gave refills without being asked.  Chips and salsa were good.  Chips were warm and salsa had a nice (suprising) kick.  Kick... do I sound like an old lady? Morgan and I ordered fish tacos and beef tacos, respectively, so we could swap one for one.  Fish was ok... nothing spectacular... but honestly I would rather pay for one at freakin Del Taco or Rubios.  Not worth it here.  Rice was ok, some flavor, probably converted rice though.  Beans were... blended?  I dunno about you but I like to see some actual BEANS in my beans!  This stuff was like brown goo... YUMMMMMMMM... :PThe beef taco was just weird.  I swear to God is tasted like gyro meat!  WTF?  I couldn't eat much of it.  Last but not least, Dom ordered the White Sands Chimichanga.  That sh*t looked nasty to be honest.  Covered with some gooey white sauce, filled with pork.  LOL, he said it tasted like hot dog.  Um, yikes!  He took about 2 bites and was "full".  A.K.A., he didn't like it.I also had a margarita... it was HUGE and didn't taste very good.  I'd rather have one 1/4 that size that tasted nice.  Oh well.One star for the chips and salsa.  Like I said, the fish taco was okay, but every thing was just way over-priced!  Final verdict?  We decided to NEVER go there again.
Jamba is definitely as good as it gets when it comes to chain smoothie places. We are big fans of the Acai antioxidant smoothie, which is unlike the other smoothies that we've tried there. It is super healthy and has a distinct flavor to it which we like because it's not as sweet as their traditional smoothies are. I like going to Jamba because they are always reliable, fast and friendly when we have visited, even if the smoothies are a tad pricey. But, you get what you pay for, and I would much rather pay a little extra for a consistently good smoothie that I know will be delicious than take my chances on an unknown place that most likely won't deliver the goods.
I have been here about 3 times, twice  for the weekend breakfast buffet and once for lunch. The food is similar to Denny's, so nothing special here. Everything here feels dingy and dirty, there was hair in one of the dishes in the buffet. Service is average, but employees are just as dirty looking as the restaurant..will not be coming here anymore.
My husband was born and raised as a British Expat in Hong Kong and loves the Chinese Cultural Center for its authenticity. There are some great, inexpensive and authentic restaurants there serving a wide variety of Chinese foods. There is a place called the Seafood Buffet on the west end of the plaza and the food there is fantastic and lunch during the week is around $7. Golden Buddha (next to the amazing wedding shop) has an inexpensive lunch menu and I've heard the Dim Sum is incredible. The grocery store in that plaza has tons of authentic Asian foods that you won't be able to find anywhere else. Just the smell of the different foods and spices takes me back to my last trip to Hong Kong and really adds to the experience. I don't know what half the stuff there is, but if you wander through the candy aisle you should pick up a few random pieces and just try something different. The Center has a festival around the Chinese New Year  where they have street vendors selling all kinds of goodies including a huge selection of decorative Koi fish and various cultural performances. It's really a unique place, especially here in Phoenix, and is worth an afternoon visit if you're looking for something different.
Went to the Rooste for a Christmas Eve dinner among a small group (9) friends. I had never been. Had heard the name many times over the years when I had previously lived in Tempe. Been intimidated that by where it set that it was expensive and swanky. That's all a lie! It sets up high and has a wonderful view. It's not located where you are just strolling down the street and decided to pop in that is true. You wind through these grounds to the back of the property pass beautiful fountains and buildings until you come to the lite up restaurant. You can self park but why bother go for the valet. You pass a smelly ranch steer at the entry that is probably wondering why the hell its there as much as I was. Inside the door the smell escapes you immediately, thank goodness. You see some young sap making cotton candy and wonder what the heck have I arrived at. A few more steps and you see you are in a western theme establishment, by the overwhelming amount of raw wood beams and flooring. First stop the bar. It's a limited full bar and for this it losses a star. From the bar the view outside is great and you can look down and see the country music band playing (it was a band but I wouldn't book 'em) but hey they gave the place a little extra pulse. You see the staff in casual western gear also and you instantly know you're welcome in your jeans. Moments later our table was ready and half of us choose to take the slide down to the dining floor and the others took the steps. Hey I went for the slide! It was short and fast and another reason to come casually dressed. Our waitperson was a delightful and articulate young woman. We skipped the appetizers to leave room for dessert (next time I'll reverse that decision). The menu was very good. Several steak cuts, enchiladas, fried chicken, BBQ beef & pork ribs, Seafood, a burger, pork chops, most plates $15 - $20. While waiting for the salad course a magician name Flash comes up and asks if we'd like some magic that night (he works for tips). He went about his tricks and blew our minds! THIS GUY I WOULD HIGHER for an event. Never figured out how he did what he did but would love to see him doing it again and again. So if he comes by your table take him up on his offer of magic. The food arrives, the salad is good and fresh the main courses come and all are cooked to perfection. My medium rare T-Bone was actually medium rare for once! My steak was tender and taste fabulous. The food didn't hold it's heat well and they serve sweet potatoes or rice with the dishes rather than standard baked/mashed or fried Idaho's (extra charge for a standard potato - why? - Minus another 1/2 star). But over all it was a good meal. We barely had room for the dessert so we split a 9 layer chocolate fudge cake and another dessert among us. And we still had four or so layers of cake left to go home! It was so rich and such a huge slice no 3 people could have eaten the entire thing following a meal if they tried... 4 of us dug into this slice. All in all it its a great steakhouse. Prices lower than Lonestar and Steak portions (ounces) bigger for your money, plus a better all over food and appetizer menu by far. Oh yeah I'm a fan and will be returning again and again when I want a steakhouse to fill my steak cravings and a bit of entertaining to accompany the meal. I highly recommend Rustlers Rooste.
Hubby and I were here tonight for a grand and glorious breaking of his diet. He had been before to the one in Houston, and had been looking forward to the new Scottsdale location. For being open only 3 nights, the service went quite smoothly and the staff and management we met were all great. We started out with drinks- a gin and tonic ($10) and a caipirinha ($8.25)- both were strong and very good. The wine list is extensive, for those who prefer the vino. Delicious little popovers arrived at the table, and we headed off to the salad bar. Far better and fresher than Fogo E Brasa's, it had a variety of cheeses (including chunks of parm and fresh mozzarella), smoked salmon, prosciutto, salami, sun dried tomatoes, olives, marinated bell peppers, asparagus spears, mushroom caps, and seafood and chicken salads, just to name about a third of the offerings.Then came a veritable torrent of meat. The beef was the best, and came in a variety of cuts and preparations. We liked the Ancho (rib eye), the Picanha (the classic sirloin cut in the half moon shape), and the garlic beef best. The pork ribs were really well done and juicy, and the sausage was quite flavorful. The chicken was a tad dry, and the lamb was too gamey for our liking (and we usually like lamb). Side dishes were brought to our table, in appropriately modest portions. There were squares of polenta, which I really liked but Hubby did not care for, and mildly garlic mashed potatoes, and yummy fried plantains. Dessert choices were pretty typical: a creme brulee, a flan, 2 types of cheesecake, and 2 types of chocolate cake. Hubby wanted what he had enjoyed at the Houston Fogo before: the papaya cream topped with creme de cassis liqueur ($8.25). It was more runny than mousse-y, and the papaya taste was pretty subtle, with the liqueur being the top note.There is a rather unnecessary valet parking service for $3, when the parking lot surrounding the place is huge. Not so huge, however,  that the many douche-bags who double parked went unnoticed. The bathrooms are nice. The dinner, which is all you care to eat, is $42.50 per person. I'm sure we'll be back for special occasions.
My street cred is that I'm from the South. You know, home of fried things. I think I know a thing or two about fried chicken and sweet tea.Understand the whole concept of being quaint and family-run, but seriously didn't think it lived up to all the hype.I ordered some sweet tea. I was mondo thirtsy and couldn't wait to wrap my hands around that mason jar. Holy guacamole! The sweet tea tasted like a cavity waiting to happen. I was tempted to order a lemonade to make an Arnold Palmer, but feared that it would be overly sweet versus tart. Instead, I requested a glass of water and some lemons to help with the sugar ratio. I still couldn't get it to taste "normal" and sort of just abandoned it. I had the Lo-Lo entree which consisted of 3 small pieces of dark chicken and 2 waffles. I also ordered a side of mac & cheese - cause I'm dirty like that. I thought for sure the food would be the saving grace...hells nah! Chicken was aight, but hardly any meat. The mac-and-cheese was just okay. Kind of reminded me of stuff you can get from Luby's. If it weren't for the waffles, I'd be hungry. I pretty much ate my waffles and stole my friend's fried okra - which WAS good. I dunked some of my chicken into her side of gravy and SHAZAAM it was like licking a salt mine!Needless to say, we had a rather lengthy wait before our food arrived and while I do appreciate the hole-in-the-wall appeal - I was disappointed nonetheless. Sometimes you just can't believe the hype!
.  Angel, daughter of the Lounge's owner Joy is a HOOT!!  I love her personality.  It's not a fancy place, little hole in the wall type place. They have been open for 8 years and have had a pretty steady following.  There is art on the walls (LOVE the Dizzie Gillespie painting... thinking of buying it) painted by a local artist.  Live music on Wednesdays/Fridays.  Wednesdays step classes (the Al B. look alike) and they have another separate dining-type area.  Wednesday nights they hold something called a conversation party.  Random 5 topics are chosen (we had a peek at last night's conversations) EX:  Are momma's boys a good or bad thing?   What makes a partner in a relationship think they need to start playing games?  What is most important to you in your professional career?Apparently some of these discussions, as you can imagine - adding the alcohol ingredient - can get pretty heated.  It seemed to be a big group last night... 15-20 people.  So after dinner, catfish, PORK CHOPS TO DIE FOR!! So tender, fried hot wings, mac 'n cheese, mashed potatoes, LOTS AND LOTS of hot sauce, we heard the band start warming up.   YES!!  GREAT music.  People walked in wearing their Sunday best and others walked in wearing jeans.  It's an everyone knows everyone's name type of place.  Older people and the younger started trickling in around 8PM.  Definitely a fun experience.  Good times.
Very good Rubio's, very accommodating for my diet needs and the kids love their taquitos.  It is in a convenient location when you are shopping and don't have time to go home.  The management seems to be on top of things and keep the place very clean.
This is my favorite place to go for Greek food. The owners are from Greece and frequently several family members are present.The food is delicious, large portions, friendly service. I wish they were located in Surprise, but they are worth the drive.
What to choose, what to choose. Such difficult decisions! Seriously, this normally isn't a problem. Dispite the fact that I'm a libra, I'm very decisive. Friends usually look to me to make all sorts of decisions ::diabolical laugh:: Still, this place consistently stumps me.Is it Tuesday? If yes, then I'm definately getting the Pork Belly Tacos.Otherwise, I'll start with an order of Ceviche and Asado Salad.To drink I'll have Agua Fresca de Sabor.Yes, I'm going to have an entre too, I mean I've already broken my diet, might as well :DI'll have the Huevos Rancheros or 3 Carne Asada Tacos or the Verduras de Temporada or the Chilaquiles Verdes or the Carne Asada Torta. OMG, so many great options! Seriously, this normally isn't a problem. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to try everything.Next up, a euphoric food coma! Life is good.
I was a dim sum virgin until yesterday!  My wonderful wife Audrey W was there to share my experience with me as were Dottsy Z, Donald S, Marian and Kevin H.  And Dottsy has pictures too!  And wow did I get off cheap!  The best dim sum I have ever had!  Honestly, the only dim sum I have ever had!  I'm so glad I had other yelpers that were experienced to share it with and help me enjoy the first time!Seriously, Phoenix Palace has really good dim sum.  I enjoyed nearly everything I tried, there was tremendous variety and high quality through and through.  I was not quite as adventurous as some of the more experienced folks at the table.  I did pass on a dish that featured tripe.  Sorry.  Maybe I wasn't ready to go all the way.The review trend has risen over the last few months.  I think I heard there was a change in ownership or management or possibly a new chef.  Or all of the above.  I don't know but it was good.For 6 people and loads of food the total was just under $70.  Unreal.Great lunch spot for dim sumderful variety and a total bargain.  Phoenix Palace is in the same parking lot as Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket so you can fill up on dim sum before you do your shopping.  Then you'll spend less when you go shopping.  Never go shopping hungry.
My husband and I ventured up to BLT Steak at Camelback Inn on Friday evening to celebrate our third wedding anniversary, which was two days earlier. We sat inside and our corner table gave us a perfect view of Camelback Mountain at night. Our waiter was super nice and did a great job of suggesting items and answering questions when we had them. There was a seperate server who kept our water glasses full all night - we couldn't take more than two sips without having them refilled it seemed like. My only negative about our waiter was that when it was time for a new glass of wine for me, he didn't check with me first to see if I wanted another glass of the same wine. I think we all know the common saying about assuming things...On to the food...here's what we sampled:Popovers - delicious. I was a bit skeptical about the butter and sea salt, especially since I don't like butter very much, but it was great! Caesar salad - good size and it was one of the best caesar salads I have had in awhile. Crabcake - my least favorite part of the meal. While it wasn't horrible, there was a bit too much celery for my taste and not enough crab meat.Cowboy Ribeye - since it was 22 oz, I graciously told my husband that I would have some of it so he could order it. Now those that know me know that I don't eat red meat because I don't like the taste. But I sucked it up and had some...holy crap, I had a few bites and said, "Wow, this is really good". So that should say something about how good it was. However, my husband did think the outside was a tad too well done, although the meat itself was cooked perfectly. While he liked the ribeye, he did think his steak at SW Steakhouse in Las Vegas was better.Mashed potatoes - is it possible to get divorced over mashed potatoes? I thought we were going to throw it down because one side of the potatoes was just not enough!! They were sooo creamy and delicious. Chocolate peanut butter mousse - we got our dessert for free since when I made the reservation I indicated we were celebrating our anniversary. The dessert was a nice way to end the meal, although the chocolate on top was just a touch too rich for my taste.With tip, our bill came to $162 which we did not think was bad at all for as much as we ordered. Unfortunately we didn't get to sit on the patio or enjoy the view at sunset, but I guess that means we'll have to go back which isn't a bad thing at all!
It is important to point out that Blue Adobe Grill is not a Mexican restaurant, it is a New Mexican restaurant. While that may seem to be an unnecessary clarification, it is actually fairly important to keep in mind as you visit. For a New Mexican joint, it is pretty dang good and true to the region, but food a sit-down Mexican joint it would be disappointing. In order to maintain full disclosure, it has been a couple of years since I went here last, but it has been around for years so I can't imagine much has changed. Overall I would recommend it to people who don't have expectations of a certain type of food. It's good but nothing memorable.
It's a restaurant in a gas station, but it merits five stars b/c it has glass bottles of soda, just like you find in Mexico.  Good food too.  It's actually not nearly as bad inside as you'd think, it's pretty well set apart from the gas station sales, so I wouldn't mind eating there.  They have a few tables set up inside.  I usually get takeout though (they also deliver).  MANZANA LIFT ROCKS!!!  I'm also going to be drinking the Sprite in the bottle, (cane sugar ftw) and the horchata.  I don't care about Chipotle opening near work anymore, I've found a new Mexican fix for lunch.  What a happy day.
Lame name.  Not so lame sandwiches.  I like it spicy.  Interpret that as you wish, but when it comes down to it -- it takes a lot more than spicy pickles to impress me - say gigantic and decadent choco chip cookies. Don't let the gimmicky name fool you, however, these are some serious sandwiches at Spicy Pickle, a franchise with only one location in the Valley in Chandler.  I found the quality of food and scope of sandwiches offered to be comparable to Dilly's Deli. I had a lunch earlier this week catered from this place, and since they catered half-sized portions I was able to try two: the Santa Cruz sub and wiseguy sub.I found the wiseguy (with italian meats and cheeses) sub to be pretty tasty, but I prefer my subs to not swim in oil and vinegar.  The Santa Cruz sub was pretty good though (and my favorite of the two) - with its ingredients of Mesquite turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, avocado, corn relish, cheddar and chipotle mayo.The highlight of the lunch were these large thick discs that looked and tasted like chocolate chip cookies.  Crispy on the edges and moist and soft in the middle.  Seriously, one of the better cookies I have had in a long time.BTW, the pickles are sprinkled with some kind of chili powder and are ok, perhaps they're awesome -- I don't know, I'm not a big pickle fan.
I wouldn't write a review on a franchise unless it pissed me off. I prefer Papa John's pizza to Dominos or Pizza Hut (by far), but there are some major service issues that have made my five ordering experiences pretty irritating.They can't find my house. It's not hard to find, I swear. It's a piece of cake, and a stone's throw from a major crossroad. They had once taken two hours to deliver a pizza, saying they tried to call me (they didn't), only to return to the store and bring it back once I called. Naturally, I was delivered a lukewarm pizza, but in the nicest way possible was told that it was *my* mistake.  Unacceptable, in the age of online ordering and GPS systems in our phones, there is no excuse for getting lost in what is essentially a three mile drive in a straight line. Without complaining, I had received a coupon for a free large pizza. Apology accepted. Upon visiting the store, I got to keep the card *after* ordering because they gave me the wrong toppings. Suckers.Also, they always take longer than the ETA, even in the middle of a weekday. Even now, I am waiting 70 minutes for a 30-40 minute order, and when I had called 15 minutes ago, was told it was on its way, but that construction was holding it up. Yes, there is construction, but you have taken this long in the past without it. Also, construction would not explain why it takes nearly an hour to produce one large pizza. I even tip nicely.I enjoy Papa John's pizza, but unless my complaints are addressed, I will never order from this location again. I will encourage my friends to follow suit. RAWR.
By now you've heard the adventures at the Rustler's Roost ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/rustlers-rooste-phoenix#hrid:_gYib8eA4hDfylSs17Zc_g ). But my adventures in Phoenix didn't end there. My BGF had been hounding me for days to find some great "Q." He was convinced that AZ would have great "Q" on every corner. Now referring back to the link above, I admit that I had a wee hangover at the time. Anyway, I'll press on. We chose this place because BGF thought that this would be the spot. I ordered the roast garlic chicken and realized with my first bite that I had died (most likely alcohol poisoning from the night before) and was now in heaven. This was the best freakin chicken that I ever tasted. Of course I'm in heaven and BGF is grousing about the "Q" not being any good. Now I've listened to this all week from him. - This Q is too Spicy - This Q is too wet - This Q won't fall off the bone - This Q doesn't have the right flavor. I'll admit it, I snapped. (And I didn't forgive him for about 2 weeks). I went up one side and down the other. If you don't like the gosh darn (loosely translated) Q in AZ, the quit ordering the Blankity Blank (translation again) stuff. Needless to say, I got quite the look from BGF and boss. Boss was actually laughing at us. Anyway, I took pity on my BGF and shared some of my chicken, and he fell in love (I don't know why, it wasn't a rooster - oops, I digress). Anyway, it was decided then and there, this is the best chicken around, hands down.
I love this restaurant.  I really enjoy the reverse happy hour from 10pm-12am after I see a movie.  The appetizers are 1/2 price and they have some really good drink specials- better if you are a lady.   l like sitting out of the patio and relaxing.The sushi rolls are good.  So are the avocado eggrolls.Before I was a vegetarian the only thing I would order was the macademia crusted chicken with mashed potatoes and a creamy soy sauce.
It is what you would expect from any themed place called "Heart Attack Grill".  Mirrors on the bottom part of the bar so you can see up the skimpy outfits the "nurses" wear at the bar.  Van in the drive through section is painted to look like an Ambulance.  Hamburgers are named after cardiac events.The food was bad, greasy unlimited fries and a giant hamburger that tasted as if they mixed in filler of some kind we had never experienced before.If you plan on going, enjoy the experience cause the food will not be something you would head back for again.
Nothing like Capriotti's in other cities.  They don't have the same menu offerings as east coast locations, and even though I ate here when not busy it took a very long time for the food to arrive.  Parking is frustrating too because of the adjacent Starbucks patrons occupying so many spots.  Very poor chips selection as well - only two choices.  Really? 2 chips?
I love love love Angel Sweet, I just wish it was not in Chandler! It's a little bit pricier than most gelato shops I have been to in Phoenix, but not a big deal. They have a nice variety of choices, but my favorite by far is brownie batter, but they only have it every once in a while.
Warning: Douche Bag level CODE RED!Here's how my experience went ... Me: "May I have a Carmel Latte?" Employee: "No".... dead air ...Me: "Ummm why not?"Employee: "We don't have carmel"Me: "Ummm I guess I'll just have a Cappuccino then"Employee: "Just so you know it's a REAL Cappuccino"Me: "Okay" (in my head I'm trying to figure out if I can legally punch this dickhead in the face or not).So I sat down mulling over this experience in the dank dark atmosphere while listening to this ass wipe talk to his friend about living on other peoples couches for the past few months and about how he'll be moving to downtown Phoenix soon. To which I just chuckled to myself as this person was FAR from cool enough to blend into CenPho. What a complete and utter douche bag. Stay in Tempe poser (and keep your employer there to!).This experience was months ago, and now they have opened up a shop downtown. Guess what? I'm not going to check them out. Fuck you Cartel. You'll never be Lux, so just stay in Tempe where you can be a complete poser with an attitude that you haven't earned.Complete FAIL. For my two cents, skip this place and go to Lux in CenPho/Mid Town right off the Light Rail. Authentically cool with ZERO attitude, great coffee and no douche bag employees. And as for great coffee ... try Conspire WAY better coffee and authenticly cool.---- please read "owners comment" below ... here's my response ... ----Wow so the coffee snobbery continues with the owner ... I guess my new job  should be to "promote good coffee in Arizona" ... and I don't appreciate good coffee because I enjoy the combination of caramel AND coffee ... By that definition I guess I don't know good ice cream because I like hot fudge on it or good pizza because I enjoy pepperoni AND cheese or good music if it's not acoustic or a good voice unless it's A cappella ... thanks for proving my point. I wouldn't go here unless you are a total coffee snob ... (I guess) they don't need your business you poser!
Open Range offers some damn-good home cooking. My family eats here often and has never had a bad meal. Not to mention that the portions are huge. I usually order the cobb salad. From a typical deli, I'd normally expect iceberg lettuce, a handful of shaved carrots, some egg, and a little bit of bacon. But if that were the case, I wouldn't be ordering the salad again and again. The field greens and romaine lettuce are served with avocado (I'm pretty sure they use at least 1/2 an avocado for each salad), artichoke hearts, tomatoes, bacon (no bacon bits here!), radishes, blue cheese, egg, cucumbers  and I'm sure i'm forgetting something else, but it is GOOD. Sometimes, if I'm really hungry, I order it with a side of their twice baked casserole (twice baked potato in a cup, basically. It's unbelievable.) I'd also recommend the Arizona caviar (black bean salad) or southwest coleslaw.My dad loves their BBQ sandwiches (with choice of homemade barbecue sauce - each one better than the last), my mom usually orders one of their other great salads with a side of potato pancakes (better than grandma's), and grandpa loves whatever is on special. Even my picky-eater brother loves food at Open Range - and that's saying something!Bethany and Tom are the owners; Bethany does most of the kitchen cooking and Tom says that he's in charge of most of the barbecuein'. (He once gave my family a taste of some of their freshly smoked pecans and WHOA, they were GOOD.) The restaurant (as the name suggests) has a full service deli too, in case you need a pound of freshly sliced ham as well as a meal.In the past, the service has been slow, but it has improved dramatically over the past year. The restaurant has a killer view of the Superstition Mountains, and is within 10 - 20 minutes of countless hiking trails. To make this long review short: if you're looking for a tastes-like-home (or tastes-better-than-home) cooked meal and you're in the far east valley, make sure to stop in for lunch or dinner. You'll probably see my family and me chowing down too.
If I were ever to be executed, I'd want a Meat & Cheese pasty for my last meal. With two red wine gravy.It's *that* good.
A very unique restaurant in the old town section of Scottsdale.  Very interesting menu and unbelievably the largest wine list I have ever encountered.  A nice combination.  Ordered several of the small dishes.  All were cooked to perfection. and tasted very good. Especially liked the chopped salad  and scallops were especially good. Nice setting.  Friendly greeter and server.  The atmosphere is very casual with a touch of elegance. Recommended for sure.
It looked like shrimp and it taste like shrimp but it wasn't shrimp. It looked like chicken and it taste like chicken but it wasn't chicken. It was all tofu and 100% vegan AND it was all amazingly great.  Even Amy's mock pork was surprisingly very pork like and I love pork.  You see, I love meat and it's very seldom that I go a day without meat in any given deal. However, this full "mock" meat experience was pretty cool and enlightening.  Not only was the lil establishment very clean but the owner was super cool and informative.  Although I don't see myself converting to full veganism anytime soon, I'll definitely be back to try a few more vegan-mock meat dishes. Boba Juice is also my new go to place for a much needed icy cold smoothie with boba of course. I've tried a few variations and my favorite is the taro/coconut smoothie, add boba.  I swung by Boba three days in a row for a smoothie and that's a pretty solid indicator that I like the place.  Yay, I am a fan!
So good. Oh so good. So good for a hangover, or, so good for brunch with mom. Quaint little establishment with cute little waitresses bouncing around in tiny little shorts. My coffee cup was never empty, and even as I was leaving, my waitress was filling up my to-go coffee cup..  she gets my vote for the most wonderful person of the day. Their breakfast menu was pretty excellent, I got the Western scramble with mushrooms and it was cheesy delicious excellence. Very clean, and lots of seating.. I had read about the lines, but we got right in and right out. This place is exactly like The Good Egg.. but not as many senior citizens or bonnet wearing geese used as the decor.. I am a fan.
How many great things can one say about the Cartel? Does Infinity work! Yes, that was a statement, not a question. I am in love with the CC, hands down. I have traded my gold Starbucks card in for this amazingly Delicious start to my day. The iced coffee ( actually, its Toddy, which is better) is amazing. They roast their own beans, and allow the iced coffee to sit over night, creating an extremely potent concoction. The hot drinks, A+++ as well. And, the food? A+++++ (5, yup its that legit). Grab the cheddar bacon muffin... its literally heaven. No joke. Heaven. Little clouds may form above your head; white clouds of course! Not those nasty rain clouds. OK, maybe not clouds. But defiantly your day will be sunny because you stopped into Coffee Cartel. And not because you live in AZ. Duh. Only complaint I have is the hours. I live right next door, and their only open M-F (like so many places in DT-Pho). PLLLEEEEAAAASSSEEEEEE open up for the weekends!!! I'll work for free! Well...wait... I'll come visit.
My pants get tight when I think about Pho Thanh.There is little else that I can say that would more accurately convey my love for this restaurant.
This place is great to go to for a chill and low key atmosphere.You can play billiards, cornhole, or video blackjack. One thing I didn't like: one of the bartenders told me there is a $10 minimum to use my credit card and I think he was trying to hustle me because when I went back to close my tab (without buying another drink), the other bartender took my credit card.Otherwise, a nice chill place to go.
You have to know what you're looking for to find this place.  I've passed this location several dozen times and never realized that a restaurant & bar was located underground.  A friend of mine invited me to have a few drinks and some dinner and I was intrigued, so I decided to go for it.We sat at the bar and ordered glasses of Wine and some Oysters.  The bar was packed, but we were able to comfortably enjoy our food and have a conversation.  The food was OK.  The Wine was the house Zinfandel, which was *eh*....but I didn't like the call options, so whatever.....now I know not to order Wine here.Overall, it wasn't too bad of an experience.  Next time, I'll go with a Beer instead of Wine and try sitting in the dining room.Return Factor - 80%
I will tell you exactly why this place is so great.This place will blow your mind.  Not only is the service good, but the food is amazing.  Here is the rub, your friends are drunk and they start babbling on about wanting to go to some Mexican food restaurant that inevitably ends in the letters ____berto's.  It does not matter which, they all are basically the same.  You go and get your gut injected with evil and then are forced to deal with that for 10-12 hours. Talk about regret. Don't do it.  Like a child of abuse, you have the power to stop the cycle.Say "Nah" Like the famous sunglasses kid, "Let's go to Mi Patio and have some fantastic food, amazing service, and keep drinking to boot."  You will be a hero. You will make Ironman look like AquaMan (He's a Chump.  "You sir, command that fish into this taco."). Short list of amazing things to be had here:1. Margaritas.2. Mi Patio Taco. Not a taco and not a burrito. What is it?3. The Chips and Salsa 4. Chicken Tacos.  5.  Ice Tea. 6. Pacifico
4.5 stars!I've eaten at Liberty Market a few times already, but this morning marked my first breakfast- and what a fantastic meal it was!- of pancakes (3 in a stack; $6.5) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=Xg8U6Fz2E8hu0xQ3Hf7CZg#Xg8U6Fz2E8hu0xQ3Hf7CZg w/ added topping of "market-made granola" ($1), a side of Grilled Flattened Meatballs ($3.5) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=MMwKpMltbKCWNNlraI-tGw#MMwKpMltbKCWNNlraI-tGw, and a double-shot of espresso ($2) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=M1WrCuX3oouHHrynL8KJQg#M1WrCuX3oouHHrynL8KJQg.  Service was in fine form-- I couldn't have the market-made maple syrup blend, nor any of the house-whipped cream, blueberry compote, raspberry and apricot jams, or any of the flavored syrups used at the coffee counter (my server patiently checked for those items we were unsure about), and when I asked for chocolate chips, I was, instead, offered a chocolate syrup made from scratch composed of chocolate, sugar, and coco oil... good stuff!  This syrup would be excellent on ice cream sundaes, too.  (FYI, I didn't really need anything extra to add to the pancakes and meatballs... the two paired well!)I've mentioned this once before, but I think it's such a great thing to yelp about again-- buy an espresso (or any of their specialty coffees), and you can have unlimited cups of regular coffee during your meal!  Not like I needed more caffeine after the double-shot, but I did have some of the house-blend coffee.  After 1.5 pancakes, the meatballs (watch out, they're very greasy!), and caffeine, I'll be good to go for a few hours, despite only having four hours of sleep!  (I'm hoping, anyway!)p.s.  Despite tipping more than 20% at the cashier upon ordering, I thought Bruce, the server who took care of me at my table, deserved a couple more bananas for not displaying annoyance at my staying here so long.  One more reason why I love Liberty Market so much!  Addendum:  After getting directions from Bruce as to the quickest way to 101 N, he asked me if I wanted a cup of coffee to go, gratis!  Have I told you how much I love Liberty Market??Helpful hint:  Free wifi can be accessed by entering the code printed at the bottom of your receipt.
Very good food.  Our service was great--thank you, Heather.  She guided us to some good wines and food recommendations.  We'll be back
The naming of Asian themed restaurants is in need of a serious makeover. I think this is the next frontier for marketing gurus; a potential fortune could be made here. Most restaurants fall into the category of being painfully bland ("China Food"), vaguely insulting ethnic caricatures ("Mr. Yings' Happy China Meal") or horrific puns ("Pho Sure"). Names like these don't inspire a lot of confidence in the quality of their food, even though that's not always the case (for example, "China Food" was actually pretty good).So when I saw Thai Elephant, my mind immediately reversed the name which sounds suspiciously close to a parasitic disease (elephantiasis). Plus the fact that it's located in a strip mall is a bit of a red flag. But a growling stomach can overcome these biases and so I pulled into the lot............And was pleasantly surprised. This is actually pretty good Thai food. The inside is a little more ornate than you would have expected; there's the whitewashed walls that fits the strip mall theme, but the furniture is darker wood with slightly dimmed background lighting. A large screen TV was playing the Suns game in the back room and a small bar is present in the front part of the restaurant. There are a few tables as well as some seats with a mix of wooden booths and chairs.Still wary, I ordered the hot tea, Thai sweet potatoes and chicken Pad Thai. All of these were above average: the Thai sweet potatoes were perfectly fried and mixed well with the slightly tangy sauce. I may have eaten more than ten times my body weight in Chicken Pad Thai over the years, and this was definitely above average. Although I was just here for dinner, I did see that they have a Happy Hour which runs from 5-7 pm. All in all, it's a pleasant place that belies its' strip mall exterior and is worth a visit for respectable Thai food.
Torn between review Fez Foodies, the periodic event that allows patrons to participate in sampling yet-to-be-added menu item and tweak them based on responses and the actual restaurant that hosts said event and providing a CenPho restaurant that combines innovative cuisine with ambiance and amazing service, I settled on the latter. Because without the brick-and-mortar there would be no former. So, tonight for the first time Robert M and I joined the Fez Foodies for a sneak peak at a few items that will be coming to a plate near you. The raspberry spinach salad was wonderful. The steak with mushrooms and smashed red potatoes might need another consideration but was still a pleasant entree. Honestly, I look forward to returning and getting these items, because Fez actually takes customer input/suggestions and applies them. Fez is one of those locations where I've never gotten anything but terrific service and a great meal. I'm fond of the garlic and rosemary fries but my coworkers and friends and strangers on the light rail think I should limit myself on these as some people don't appreciate the proven medical benefits of bucket-loads of garlic and shovelfuls of rosemary. Tools. Not surprisingly, Thomas was a peach of a host. Forgive me if I seemed disinterested in conversation: we just returned from Rim Country and that experience killed my ass.
I really enjoy this place. It's beautifully designed. It's hidden in a historic neighborhood, (zoning issues so no patio), and they make they own tonic! ---What else does one need? But now the food. Rich, full flavored, comfort food. I don't think there is a cuisine style here as far as I could tell, just some of the best food around. Had the fontina crusted with pinko and walnuts, awesome. A potato side dish, damn good I tell you. For the main course the skirt steak, which was some of the best red meat I'm had in a very, very long time. This is my vote for best new restaurant in Phoenix. Seriously.
Okay ya wanna know a little secret? I LONG for Green. Ever since moving back to New Orleans I'm surrounded by an embarrassment of culinary riches but our one vegetarian restaurant can never hold its own against Green. I passed through Scottsdale a few weeks ago to visit the Grand Canyon and the second I stepped off the plane at the Phoenix airport and secured the rental car we drove straight to the restaurant. Everything was just like I remembered it and slightly better. The staff was warmer and the food just as good. I'm still thinking about the "crab" puffs and the eggless rolls.
I had lunch here the other day.  It was a bit before the noon lunch rush so it wasn't too crowded.  You could tell they were gearing up for it so I can tell they get pretty busy.  So come early to avoid waiting with throngs of school kids that undoubtedly come from the high school next door.  I like that their menu isn't huge with zillions of burger combos and other options.  It was pretty straight forward.  I had the standard burger, fries and a drink.  Everything looks like it is pretty much cooked to order so it took a few minutes to get my food which was ok.  The cashier guy who looked suspiciously like Ray Liotta was very friendly and working like crazy so I'm pretty sure he was the manager if not the owner.The burger was thick, juicy and cooked perfectly.  It was a tad bit greasy but that made it that much more delicious.  The fries were also pretty good.  They are crinkle cut with just the right amount of crispiness on the outside and fluffiness on the inside.  I wasn't exactly sure what to do with the little cup of sauce they give you so I used it for my fries and my burger.  I think it was some chipotle mayo stuff.  It was pretty good but an odd thing to put on burgers and/or fries.This place isn't exactly cheap but it is worth it.  I can't think of a better fast food burger/fries in the area.  I would return to get the burger but I really want to try their Italian beef as well.
Chance encounter on this little (well, maybe not soo little) gem of a place. Yelped it the moment I passed by it because of all the cars present in their parking lot. Although there are only 8 reviews for the place, what people had to say about it really made me want to visit. Was well greeted on a spontaneous adventure to the restaurant for dinner. The bar was packed so my party decided to get seated in the main dining area. Got seated right away and was introduced to our server in no time. Think she had to swallow a chill pill or something because it took some time for her to be nice (most likely the main reason im not giving this place 5 stars)The menu was pretty reasonable. Starters dont exceed $10 and entrees range anywhere from $5-$15 (If Im correct, there is only one item on the menu costing $15) We started off with three appetizers, thinking it would be the only dishes ordered (little did we know):- Grilled Spicy Chicken Wings: Some a little burnt but it tasted great. The portions are large and seasoning just right (or too bland depending on what you prefer). I liked that it was grilled, less of that greasy hell overwhelming the taste of the actual meat.- Homemade lemon garlic Hummus with pita : sooo delicious. It was only about $6, it comes with a bunch of pita. My party of 4 shared it and still had left overs =] definitely recommended.- Cheeseburger Sliders x3 on Egg Bun: The bun is delicious! and the meat is perfectly cooked (medium) and seasoned. The perfect balance of meat, bun, and cheese. Comes with diced pickles.We were having a jolly time when all of a sudden someone notices a dish being served to the the table next to us. It looked so good, she decided to order it herself. We ended up sharing the Half Chicken entree and I was extremely impressed with how it came out.The chicken is juicy and tender the entire way through. No parts of the chicken dry, every bite was well savored and just...mmm mmm mmCame with two sides (we chose the green beans/onions and mashed potatoes): green beans weren't my favorite, they were overcooked but the mashed potatoes. Perfectly cooked, tasted so fresh. They don't use a ton of butter or sour cream which was favorable to my taste buds. Would definitely come againFYI: happy hour 3-6:30 pm. From what I could make out on the menu written in chalk: Half off appetizers and three 5.5 oz of draft beer for $5 (normally $6 for 3 - 5 oz beer sampler) oh and something about $5 wine
I was on my way into Sweet Republic just before Christmas when I spotted Painted Pretzel a few doors down.  Since I love pretzels, I was imagining all sorts of delights.  Hard pretzels in knots, twists, and rods covered with the finest chocolate.  Freshly baked soft pretzels salted, or rolled in cinnamon and sugar, or butter and garlic.  You name it.  They were going to sell it.Well I was sorely disappointed.  Upon entering, I realized this is probably more of a mail order type business.  No soft pretzels, either.  They specialize in pretzels dipped in chocolate and topped with nuts, candy pieces, etc.  There were some boxes of pretzels already made up, and we purchased a few.  The honey wheat pretzel rods were actually pretty good, the small bite-sized pretzels were nothing special.  The chocolate was a nice quality, but not the best.  Although they hand dip all the pretzels, they do not make the actual pretzels.  So if you're on a local foods kick, which I'm not, this isn't the place for you.  Not bad to have around the house and for gifts to pretzel lovers or corporate gifts as they are better than the products you would find in most grocery stores.  I was just hoping for a little more.
Fried Squash blossoms!  How do they come up with this stuff?  FnB gets 5 stars for creativity and service... oh, and the food is pretty amazing too!   The menu changes with the season, so I apologize in advance for making your mouth water by mentioning  food you'll probably never taste.   We started off with the appetizer special, Fried Squash blossoms stuffed with burrata served with fresh tomato sauce, and an order of naan with eggplant puree.  The Naan plate was nothing special, but the blossoms were fantastic.  For dinner Hottie had the lab chops with couscous and I had the pasta with butternut squash and pesto.   The pasta was amazing, I watched the chef make my pesto to order... mmmm basil!  Hottie devoured every bite, so I would say he enjoyed his chops too.  For desert we shared the panna cotta with cherries, it was the perfect ending to a great meal.  This place gets 5 starts all the way, from the moment we walked in, the service was impeccable and the food was superb.  Thank you FnB
best in the valley
Being a native Californian-I never knew these existed till I drove from Los Angeles to Charlotte, NC in 2005 and realized they are everywhere!!! I kept seeing these bill boards every few miles and finally decided that I had to try one. Fearing it was something like a "Waffle House" which I'd had the misfortune to visit once at 3am, I was prepared to turn and walk out if it was disgusting. My first experience was a pleasant surprise and this location is pretty much the same, in fact, every location is the same, which is a good thing when you are on a road  trip and looking for a clean bathroom and somewhere to grab a bite, maybe get some entertainment for the road.The front entrance is lined with rocking chairs and this location has water misters out there, which is good because the only place I have been that is hotter than Buckeye is Needles, Ca and i think Needles, Ca is right underneath a hole in the Ozone!Anyway, inside they have a little country store with every kind of candy you can imagine and seasonal cute stuff along with books, toys, gifts and such. The bathrooms are usually way cleaner than you'd find at a truck stop, rest stop or gas station and they have a full service restaurant with a "down home" menu. Best thing is breakfast all day long and they make great breakfast! If you are on the road and looking for a clean, pleasant pit stop. This is a great place to spend some time and re-charge for the road.
The name says it all. This is one hot bagel shop! This could be one of the best bagel shops I've found in Phoenix and I would have never expected to find it way up in North Scottsdale. This bagel shop is delicious. The bagels are large, hot, soft and extremely delicious. This local eatery has a line out the door on weekends and it's for a reason. The breakfast bagel sandwiches are to-die-for. The cheese, egg and bacon combo sandwiched between a hefty bagel makes it worth waking up early on a Sunday morning! I will be visiting again soon for the deli because I hear that it's a must to stop by and experience their lunch.
I had the pleasure of going to the grand opening of Total wine and more! They had penny wine tasting, they card you at the door and you put your penny into the hurricane jug.  The place is Disneyland for adults, they have every imaginable wine, liquor, or beer that you would be searching for. Since I recently went to Sonoma, California in August, I was looking for a few of my fave wines that I liked, but they did not have some of the smaller wineries and plus they are limited releases.  I did find one from Ferrari-Carano, Fumé Blanc,  for $10.97. Ferrari told me that you can find some of their wines in a grocery stores, but not the Fume Blanc, so they lied.  I also purchased a Kokopelli Cab for $13.99 and Kokopelli is local to Arizona  made in Wilcox.   This place has excellent deals and glad to see this kind of store in San Tan Village Mall.
ROCK OUT WITH YOUR COCK OUT!!!As a big heavy metal and hard rock fan I just had to make sure to hit up Alice Cooperstown on my recent visit to Phoenix. As I walked into this warehouse sized rock & sports mecca I was surely not disappointed.This place is huge. There is an outdoor beer garden seating area on the side of the building and when you walk indoors you realize that this place is airplane hanger big. Rock and roll memorabilia is plastered everywhere here with a terriic amount of Alice Cooper posters, gold and platinum records, photos, paintings, guitars, and other stuff representing his Hall of Fame career plastered throughout. Even all the tables are covered in rock photos and images. Along side all of that is a mix of sports memorabilia spread throughout with flat screen tv's and large projection screens everywhere! Yeah, as you can imagine, they play some great rock music here, classic to current. This is the type of place that Hard Rock Cafe wishes it could be.The menu here is pretty big with a mix of classic bar food, comfort food, and BBQ. Nice selection of beers on tap and in bottles. We ordered a mixed BBQ platter and it was actually some pretty decent BBQ! Great ribs and tasty brisket. Alas, what caught my eye was The Big Unit. Not just a regular hot dog, but 22 inches of Vienna Beef destruction loaded with chili, onions, jalapenos, sauerkraut, relish, tomatoes, cheese sauce, shredded cheddar, and bacon, along with a bunch of crispy fries. Oh Yeah! This is the dog that Adam Richman devoured on Man vs Food! They ring a big bell whenever this is ordered. I saw a few people give up on it and take half home in a box. Not me. Now I was going to join that fat ass and do some damage here myself!Yup, I ate that whole damn thing! Honesty, it was pretty tasty and was not too hard to finish. Just had to pace myself. Drinking a huge cup of diet Coke while doing this was not too smart as my gut felt like it was going to explode! Still, I got the whole thing down my throat bit by bit and swallowed it whole. Heh-heh-heh! I sat there in euphoric bliss of my accomplishment. Boy, did I feel like a fat slob.On the way out we had to look around the souvenier area and picked up a few things. Had a great time here and the food was pretty good. Nice waitress and all of them here wear Alice Cooper-like eye makeup while working which adds to the fun. Menu items are fairly priced too. This part of town is empty unless a game is going on and there is a parking garage across the street, along with metered spots on the streets but after 8PM they are free. Lots of available parking.MAN vs FOOD AIN'T GOT NOTHING ON ME!!!
Much better than the frozen variety.  Sort of better than the quick serve shop in the Fashion Mall in Vegas- from what I remember.  This place was just as I was expecting: way crowded at lunch time, over-priced pizza and drinks, and so-so service.The pizza I had with wheat crust that included eggplant, roasted red peppers, and goat cheese was pretty tasty.  I guess if you consider that I had a second meal out of the pizza, the price wasn't too bad.
"We wanted to take you out for your last dinner...so we got to thinking 'what place has specials on a Tuesday?'..and I remembered Chompie's has a special..AND A FOOD CHALLENGE."And THAT is how I ended up at Chompie's on a Tuesday.  They were featured on TV (I think it's Man Vs. Food, but I'm not sure) bc of this food challenge of theirs.  On Tuesdays, they have a special - AYCE Jewish sliders & fries with the purchase of a beverage for $11.95.  (Keep in mind, a plate of 3 Jewish sliders + fries is $11.95.)I was told the specialties here are sliders.  The sliders themselves are a decent size (I'd say maybe it's the same size as the tiny McD's burgers, but taller?).  Jewish sliders have potato cakes in them; Western sliders don't; breakfast sliders are something completely different.Everything we ordered was ehhhh (befitting of a "meh, I've experienced better" rating).  Two things that did impress me, however, were:1. They place pickles on the table right when you sit down!  I'm not a pickle girl myself, but it's a nice gesture.2. Everyone here is so FRIENDLY (I mean genuinely friendly!!).  Idk, I think most Arizonians in general are friendlier than the Californians I encounter on a daily basis hahahhaa.  And our waitress went out of her way to split 5 checks for our party of 7...that was pretty cool of her.I'm glad I went here for the experience, but I wouldn't come back again.  Lesson learned: Don't trust a bunch of post-gym, hungry, non-Yelping boys to pick a dinner spot ;)
I crave breakfast food all the time, but I want something more than an Ihop or Dennys. Not only is Crackers & Co way better than a mainstream breakfast place, it's actually cheaper too!I ordered the breakfast burrito without meat and it was amazing. It had just the right amount of spice and the portions were way bigger than I imagined. Their country potatoes are awesome and have nice, brown, crunchy edges. I went with a group of 5 people who all ordered different breakfast items and not a single person was disappointed with their food.This place was not only really cute but also great for the price and taste. Plus, they serve breakfast all day on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays.I can't wait to go back.
i dont know why i didn't fall in love with pita jungle sooner. i work right next to the mall so the food court is super convenient for us. let me tell you a story of how i ate here everyday for lunch for a week. i ordered a standard gyro with no pickles (they put pickles on their gyros and i find that disgusting) my coworker, jen, ordered the pasta salad with chicken on top. mine was delicious and i tasted hers. hers was so good! i was like, that's what i'm ordering tomorrow.the next day we went again and i ordered the chicken pasta. while waiting for the food to come out someone in front of me picked up their order of a hummus trio with chicken on top and a side of pita.the next day jen asked where i wanted to go to lunch. i said pita jungle and i got my hummus trio. and the trend continued. their food is so good!!!! and its like $8!! and since i work nearby i get a discount! today i had a side of chicken breast with super fresh mushrooms. i watched them steam them, then put them in a pan with w tons of garlic, red wine, and seasoning. some of the best mushrooms i've ever had and it was a HUGE order of mushrooms.i love this place!
Hire a busboy! I had to say it. I had to take these pictures. This is my _third_ visit since my May update with the same result and I can't keep it to myself any longer. The staff neglects the dining room. Period. Dot. Patrons often have to move dirty plates, stacking them up on top of trays at another table, just to sit down.My recommendation to the owners is to put up some garbage bins like all other self-busing fast-food places and make _us_ do it if you're not going to.I have to wonder what happens to all those half-filled salsa squirt bottles left on the tables unrefrigerated for so long. Do they top off and return them to service, or are they emptied and washed before refilling?It is my sincere hope that very soon I will be able to update this review again and say that things are back to normal. Until then, I have to advise driving a bit further south to Mi Patio, or north to Sylvia's La Canasta.
What a find during my ongoing Vietnamese food trip - a Vietnamese restaurant which, unlike the others I've been to, is located in a charming converted little home rather than in a run down strip mall.  But the food is just as good or better, and with run-down-strip-mall-eatery prices. Their banh xeo (crispy rice crepes stuffed with beansprouts and shrimp) is awesome, and the generous seafood soup with white asparagus is something I'd order even on a hot day.  One of my favorite Vietnamese dishes is rice vermicelli with shrimp and pork or beef, and while their version is not as bold in flavor as Dong A's, it is definitely quite tasty. The courteous service complements the brevity of the wait between placing your order and receiving your food.
I really Love this place!I stopped in for lunch and tried a couple new things. The Ravioli di Zucca Appetizer (see pics) which is:roasted butternut squash ravioli with parmesan, brown butter,sage and crumbled amaretti...OMG it was just delicious but a perfect appetizer to share , it's available in two sizes I got the small one.The sweetness from the crumbled amaretti is a very nice touch.I ordered the Healthy Fish again (see pics) and once again it was perfect!My guest ordered the Penne Salsiccia (see pics) which had Italian sausage, caramelized onions and pecorino cheese! The sausage was really good and for just $5 you can't beat that!
Have you ever been to Postino for lunch?  I think of it as an after work spot, but the lunch is really good.  It's peaceful and pretty at Postino at lunchtime, the bruschetta is just as tasty during the day as it is in the evening, and the panini are good, too.
We were excited to check out this new restaurant! We were left extremely underwhelmed. We sat in the bar to watch MNF. It would have been nice to be able to hear the game over the discordant pop rock music at a mexican establishment but I understand that you are not a "sports bar". It was Monday night and with the exception of a large group  of blue hairs celebrating secretary's day the place was empty.  The bar area managed to fill up, because the Cardinals were on tv and it seemed as thought the high tops and patio were busy as well. Our bartender Amanda was very polite and eager to up sell us their flavored tequilas and specialty cocktails. You can tell she was a little wet behind the ears but she was doing her best nothing a little training and experience can't fix. The wait time to receive a cocktail was excruciatingly long though being a former bartender I understand the complexity that new bars go though to develop new and unique cocktails.  We ordered the pumpkin margarita. I applaud the attempt but personally it tasted like puréed baby food. I was feeling very open minded and wanted to experience as much as I could that TQLA had to offer so we ordered the salsa trio and chicken tortilla soup.  Queso dip: coldHabanero dip: sweet with a swift kick afterwards: not badGuacamole: good: but was gone after 2 bites. I guess they feel if they place the guacamole on a bed of green shredded lettuce it will look like there is more than delivered. FailChicken tortilla soup: Thick tomato soup with dry dark meat chicken chunks. Maybe it is just me but I prefer a more broth based ck tort soup and juicy white/dark meat chicken. Bleh: Amanda offered to remove it off our bill but I insisted on finishing mine because I was hungry. My GF pushed hers to the side; DNF. Meanwhile; whilst experience our starters we managed without any silverware or napkins and at this point Amanda being the only bartender on managed to become flooded with specialty cocktails in the well; thus not being able to properly oversee her patrons at the bar. Needles to say our drinks were empty, our plates, monkey dishes, empty bowl of chips, 2 cups of bland tortilla soup, saucers and wrinkled up black beverage napkins (used in the place of the real ones) were all tattering on the edge of the bar eagerly anticipating a bus boy to remove them. Onto the Entrees:I ordered the carne Asada steak.  My girlfriend tried the habanero chicken platter. They were delivered by TQLA manager "Joe". Whom decidedly pulled himself from enjoying the football game to expedite some food. He crept up behind us and shuffled the entree platters in front of our faces after we spread our dirty dishes closer to the edge of the bar and politely stacked them for our ficticious busboy/girl to remove them properly. Now in my history with management; a decent manager would offer to remove the collection of dishes but instead he decided to ask us if we needed anything else since the look on our faces was disgust. Instead we opted to inform Joe that we would enjoy our meal a little better with silverware and napkins.  He acknowledged that was a novel concept and proceeded to fetch us a pair. Joe wasn't six steps away before he was interrupted by a member of the waitstaff who informed him that what she needed was more important than delivering two setups to some first time customers so they could enjoy their ever increasingly cold food.  At this point my girlfriends temper got the best of her and she jumped up and retrieved her own silverware off of a table in front of Joe and eager waitress to salvage any heat that might have been left in our entrees. We dig in:  Carne Asada: was tender but lacking the Wow factor. Habanero Chicken: Tasted like a chicken breast smothered in their warm fire roasted salsa... What happened to the habaneros?  Where is the heat...? BlandI hope they get better: but until then Nandos all the way. Never saw Joe touch any tables, never offered to help out a bartender who was swimming laps in an Olympic size pool. Occasionally the wait staff would come behind the bar and help out.  This is about the time that our appetizers, chips, soups, and entrees were all removed from the bartop. FYI Joe, the hostess stand can hold itself up on its own. You don't have to stand there and hold it up. Keep an eye on your staff and customers and offer help where they need it so people will be happy to come back and give you a second shot.
The novelty of this place garners it some brownie points, and you definitely don't come here for the food. Yes, scantily clad nurses will serve you your food, cheerfully chat you up, and be agreeable to a photo shoot at the end of your meal. You'll also appreciate the little things Heart Attack Grill does (i.e. conveniently placed mirrors at ass-level behind all the counters for any patron's ogling pleasure), and there's no shortage of little quirks that definitely give the place character (i.e. their refusal to serve any diet sodas).The food kinda sucks, though. I'll admit I liked the huge and considerately chilled Coke bottle, but that's about it. The fries were quite...flaccid and stale, the burger didn't seem so fresh or special, and it was relatively pricey for the amount of sustenance you get. Even so, you don't need more than a single bypass burger, unless you're itching to be useless for the next few hours, or if you are a gorilla. Yet the clever presentation of what might sound like a practical joke with poor taste makes this place worth visiting with some friends. You'll have fun, and you'll be plenty full by the end of it!
I've seen this place come up on Yelp a lot, especially since it's near where I work, and finally had a chance to take Jon S. out for a sort of going away dinner the other night. I thought to make reservations, which was a good idea because it was very packed on a Friday night. We started with the taste of thai, which is their version of a pupu platter. My favorites were the thai toast and chicken satay. It was a little weird that the fried items were hot, but the pot stickers and siamese kisses were a little warm, but still good. I had the crispy basil chicken (level 3 hot) and Jon had the shrimp stirfry (level 1 hot). When our dishes were brought out, we both loved the flavors, but agreed we needed some more heat, and our server gladly brought out some chili paste for us which did the job. It's a very cute restaurant and I'll definitely be back to try some other things on the menu.
So, for more than a year, I drove by this place on my way to work but never checked it out. I wasn't sure what to make of a place with a walk-up takeout window. Last night, I followed a group of friends there for a late dinner. Didn't try any appetizers. I just split a 14' Italian special pizza--sausage, green olives and fresh garlic. The pizza was pretty good, not spectacular but definitely a couple steps above a place like Mamma Mia's whose pizza has a fast-food quality at times. Red Devil is very generous when it comes to toppings, at least on this one. I am an olive lover but haven't had green olives on pizza before. I enjoyed olives in every bite. But if you think olives are just okay, you might have found it a bit much. The pizza was kind of big for two people and with tax, it was about $18. So, I'd say it's fairly priced. I have to say that the service, more than the pizza, would draw me back. Servers who think of the little things before you even ask are much appreciated. We had a party of nine and our waiter was super patient. We also brought a birthday cake on the premises, which they allow. Our waiter started clearing all our plates and silverware and before I could ask, he said not to worry, he'd bring us clean plates and forks for the cake. He also saw someone with a camera and asked to take a picture. He just gave off a genuine vibe of being helpful. I would definitely consider it if in the mood for something casual but not carbon-copy fast food.
Stacy's is so cute! I pulled up and its a little shack with some limited seating outside. Seems like most people take their food to go, but your more then welcome to eat at their tables if you like.When you pull up, you order at the window and they make the food for you while you wait.  There were a few of us hanging out in the parking lot at the time, which was kinda fun!  I got the BBQ Brisket to go, and it was a okay.  I loved the fact that it was smoked, and the BBQ sauce was on the side, so I could put on as much as I'd like.Menu's kinda limited but good, and pricing is fair.  So, I was checking out their make shift dining area, and I had to laugh because there was a spray painted sign above that said "man cave."  LOL.Place is cute, I recommend carrying out, and parking is kinda tight. Definitely a cute spot, and not a half bad place!
This place wasn't quite up to scratch for me. I had the foie gras sandwich.  It was pretty good, but I was still ravenous $10 later, so I top it off with a chocolate croissant ($2.75) which was also good.  Definitely a cute space with above average dishes.  But in the end there just wasn't enough bangs for my bucks.
This was really 3.5 stars and I'm rounding down to 3 for a few reasons...on which I will now elaborate.District could be in any Sheraton, anywhere.  In fact, it is strikingly similar to Rum Fire, the trendy restaurant in the Sheraton Waikiki where I stayed for a few days this summer before my family arrived and we stayed moved to the family place.  The flooring, the red circular lounge area, the live music on Thursday nights...it was all the same.  Heck, even the menu was the same.  The difference was that in Waikiki there was a "Hawaiian" slant to everything and the live music was much, much better.  (And of course the beach front setting).  I get the impression that they are trying to market themselves as a "downtown restaurant" more than the "place in the Sheraton"...but to be honest, it is your quintessential trendy hotel restaurant.The bartenders were really friendly.  The wine list for a "wine bar" is incredibly lacking.  Nothing interesting, nothing fun.  The pricing is on par with what I would expect from a hotel.  The space is modern and trendy, something that there isn't that much of in downtown.  I love the charm of a historic home, but I also love sleek and modern lines.We selected a few small plates, or appetizers, depending on which of their menus you are looking at.  The crab cakes were good, if nothing short of predictable, and the chips and dip were surprisingly unique.  A dill dip and a French onion dip provided a nice departure from the regular spinach artichoke.  I'm not sure this is a place that I would come to for dinner, and it is definitely not a place I would come to for brunch.  (The brunch menu is a typical hotel menu, with typical hotel pricing).  I think that for me District will just remain a place for drinks and small bites.  I'm not going to lose my mind over this place.  It's not that great, I'd say it's fairly generic.  But the staff was friendly and it's within walking distance of my place.  I'm sure I will be back for drinks.
Great food can be found anywhere. Great service is one in a million these days. This place gets an A+ in the most awful service I have ever received and if you have/had a Groupon for this place like I did, don't even bother going. You'll be treated worse than a bothersome fly on a hot and humid day.It's simple. Businesses put  their name out by working with daily coupon sites like Groupon, LivingSocial, etc., to garner new and potential repeat customers. Instead, after going there with my handy coupon, I can't help but drive by this place on the way home and think nothing but the horrible experience I received. I went with my boyfriend and bought the Groupon because I was impressed due to online reviews and decided to splurge on a good ole' prime rib. We sit down, am impressed with the old school decor, and then the server from Azkaban appears. We tell her that we'd like to order off the special evening menu where it's a little cheaper and tell her joyfully that we found this place through Groupon and that it's our first time. Wrong thing to do. I don't know if it's because past Groupon-ers don't tip well or something, but I could swear her smile immediately turned 180 degrees in an instant. It took our food (the chicken and prime rib) almost 33 minutes to come out. All we did was nom ... and nom ... and nom on the watery coleslaw and gritty liver (which isn't to blame since I was never a liver fan). Not once did our server come by our table. We watched her run into the kitchen and either not come back out for a while or attend to other tables. It was another server that came out and gave us our food so we let our frustration go since it wasn't her fault and there's no use in calling her out for nothing. We asked if she knew where our server was, and she said she would look for her. 10 minutes later, nothing, yet it was the new server who kept coming back, asking if everything was alright like a normal server should. Then it was time for the check and we just wanted to get out of there since we were basically ignored. 17 minutes pass, no check came even though our  table had been cleared. Our server was still MIA so we asked a random server to give us our check. He said he would tell our server to bring it back and we told him straight up that we didn't even want to see her face so another random server brought it back.We had a table of 4 sitting next to us who even leaned over and asked us why we were being so calm when our non-existent server was treating us like crap. We didn't even want to bother waiting another 20 minutes just to talk to a manager since apparently the only way the servers here communicate is by playing Telephone so we just left after paying. The table beside us told us that they were going to complain for us since we wanted to leave, but whether they did or not I didn't even care at that point. To be honest, I can't even remember what the food tasted like, which isn't quite fair in a review. I went here a couple of months ago, but I have never had an experience where service overrode the taste of food. I'm pretty sure prisoners in a cafeteria get more attention than I did.Maybe it wasn't even the Groupon. Who knows. All I know is that we ran out of there like Usain Bolt and tell anyone who asks about our worst dining experience that this is the place to experience it.
I rarely give 5 stars, as I believe it is very difficult to obtain a perfect score through food, beverage, service, ambiance, etc. Christopher's new venture is perfectly Christopher, 5 stars.First off a little background, Christopher is a native. That's right; he's a graduate of Central High School. He studied in France where he honed his craft and to this day draws his technique from. He has owned now three ventures in Phoenix, first his fine dining and bistro location on the northwest corner of 24st and Camelback (later became Eddie's by Eddie Matney, former hair dresser turned chef at Cous-Cous then Eddie's Grill) then after closing he moved to the restaurant row in The Biltmore Fashion Park, 2rd level to open Christopher's Fermier Brasserie & Paola's Wine Bar. Which in reading many reviews here on Yelp was unfortunately misunderstood. It makes me wonder if people understand what French is, it's not their fault though, there aren't many French restaurants in town, most have be closed, including Mary Elaine's at the Phoenician  and John Claude's Petite Cafe. There are a few that still survive Sophie's and Vincent's, but in this town of chains few people venture for French. Now with Christopher's Restaurant/Crush Lounge he has passed on the wine bar and opened a lounge instead. Christopher does enjoy lounges as he is a regular at Merc Bar, but then so is his smoked salmon which is offered on the Merc Bar menu. So a lounge makes sense, I'm a believer in a chef should open what they are passionate about. The new location has a different feel from his previous; his last venture echoed a French Countryside feel, as did the food. I think that was why many didn't understand it; yes it was French, but ALL FRENCH IS NOT FINE DINNING. I wish more understood that concept, but this is primarily a beer drinking state, not wine or rather more Mc D's not Mary E's! Hence there's a difference between filling your stomach and filling your soul and leaving a restaurant inspired with the feeling that life is wonderful. Christopher's is the latter. The design is contemporary with long lines of brushed stainless, white linen and exposed wooden beams. Kudos to whoever designed it, great job! The tables are dressed with white linen, elegant silver and polished stemware. You can't help but feel that it's 'time to dine' when seated. The walls in the main dining room have many vases of fresh flowers that seem to be replaced whenever necessary, nice touch.  The food at Christopher's is exactly what you'd expect, French, without the super-high-end prices. He's still one of the only chefs in town serving Foie Grass and Duck Confite, both wonderful and worth the trip if a glass of juice (wine) is added! I've been there now on 4 occasions and everything is fantastic, flavorful and prepared professionally. Christopher offers daily specials and I recommend them including; Veal Chop on Wednesdays, Roasted Duck on Thursday, Lamb Shank on Friday and Rabbit on Saturday. But don't stop at your entree, get the cheese course for dessert or for something sweet, the Chocolate Tower is one of the best desserts in town, hands down, no question.  Service is another point were Christopher sets himself apart. It doesn't get any better than this. Again it's NOT fine dining, so you can't compare it to fine dining restaurants (but then again there's only one left in the valley - Different Point Of View).  The servers know the food; they can describe anything on the menu and recite the specials as if their job depends on it (if you know Christopher it probably is).  Food is coursed correctly with a few minutes in between, as well as wine service is as professional as it gets. The bread service is as always, French breads with a super rich, euro butter, perfect for lapping up to sauce or vinaigrette remains on your plate.Needless to say, Christopher does it right, in my opinion, or is it just my opinion? Many of the valley's most celebrated chefs eat at Christopher's, he's know in many circles as the "chef's chef". But don't take my word for it, ask the chef at your favorite restaurant, who their favorite chefs are in town, and favorite restaurants, most likely Christopher will make the list!Here's the web address:  http://www.christophersaz.com/The website is limited; menu, wine list, press release and pictures of the restaurant...
AAAAMAZING.They have the best hot dogs and corn dogs i have ever had.  It is definitely a place to try if you love hot dogs.They have good fries, excellent onion rings.... and very very reasonable prices!  I have never met a single person who has said anything but incredible things about Ted's..... definitely a must try!
The service at this location was great, until one of the servers managed to incorporate throwing up in into a conversation while I was nursing a hangover. Never a good idea to talk throwing up to a customer that is eating.duh!! This conversation led to more inappropriate words from the employee until he finally left....grrrrr!!!Had the biscuits& gravy special ( $10.95 ), no bueno. I like my gravy simple...just some gravy with a little sausage running through,thats it. Can't stand it when there is onions, peppers, celery, carrot...yuck!! And they served those generic potatoes that are big flavorless cubes that they put in the deep fryer. Should have just had the chicken and waffle, lesson learned.
Not a bad sub which I find to be something I can eat almost daily.  Prices are a little higher than a Subway but their meat is freshly sliced to order and they do a much better job with their bread.  They are still lacking the hard crust french/Italian bread that I crave since leaving the East Coast but this is something I have learned not to expect out here in AZ.  The girls that work behind the counter are excellent and a few have been there for years.  They know service and are fast and great at keeping the lines at bay.
Super cool space, friendly host (owner?) making all feel welcome and at home. Went with a large group on a Saturday night prime dinner hour and it was a no hassle wait, perhaps due to the company, it was painless. The Four Peaks beer choices, games of skill and comfy waiting area eased it as well. Service was attentive as sometimes large parties are tough to handle, but I observed no glitch here. I do plan to return when excessive day drinking has not blurred my perspective, but I remember having some pretty solid food. I sampled the Fontina cheese appetizer, perhaps my expectations were askew but I was surprised to see cheese sticks. I suppose I envisioned a wedge of cheese, either way it tasted fine and the pair of dipping sauces were unique. Sharing the same dish a savory romesco balanced with a sweeter pear sauce, I enjoyed them both with the cheese. Skirt steak is spiced nicely with garlic, chile and cumin ,charred and sliced, smothered with tasty mushrooms comforted by a hearty scoop of Yukon mashers. Not my optimum presentation as I like to cut it myself. I think the beef, which tasted great, went beyond the medium rare request which seemed to just be ignored. Not enough resting time from grilling to cutting and plating I would guess, however the meat was still juicy .I also had the chance to sample the maple glazed pork with pear crisps. Yum. Well cooked ,juicy and chock full of smoky sweet goodness. The side of Gorgonzola grits was a bit loose, but the flavor was very nice. Portions were very generous. Looking forward to checking this spot out again without the world of beer fest goggles head start.
I walked in and uttered, "I think I found my new home".1) Miller High Life on draught and bottle.2) Buckhunt (the lil orange gun has even been taped together-double buck bonus!)3) Bowling videogame...god, I love these things4) Indoor smoking lounge!!! With a large screen TV, two tables and a lot of pleather seating, the large fan won't mean much but WOW-exciting! There is a french style door separating the lounge from the bar area where the stage is so you can still peak at the band while sucking tar.5) Well...even the womens' bathroom is pretty gnarly...which would normally subtract a star-but I was so happy to pee in the unmarked restroom I won't touch it!Other notes: all bartender, barbacks, security were extremely sweet and friendly; all other patrons were either pretty chill, excited to see the band that was playing or willing to strike up conversation; tons of televisions everywhere; they had a lot of beers on tap-cheap too; this place is HUGE. In fact I would consider it a liability since there are a lot of steps connecting each section-at times I found myself balancing precariously-and that is b/c I am a klutz-wasn't even drunk...ok, not that drunk. Most everyone had tats, black hair, laid back. This is def. not a scene-and I love that!
One bite and I was transported back to the crowded streets of Monterrey.  I could almost smell the exhaust of the vochos and hear the distant conversation of the local policia extorting their prescribed mordida.  Quite simply, this is the taco as the way it was intended by its creators.  The pure and unadulterated classic enjoyed by the Mexican working class.What Pomo is to pizza, this place is to tacos.  Authentic...absolutely authentic.
One of these days I will learn NOT to take out of town guests to places I haven't tried first.  I was pretty excited for one of my favorite people to come and visit.  Her only request?  Sushi!  While I have my list of absolute AZ favorites (Tokyo Lobby, Toyama, Sakana, Hiro, Dozo) foolishly I decided we should try somewhere new.  Having read many good things about Hana, the choice was made.Walking into the BYOB place with our Kirin Ichiban in hand, we were ready for a great evening.  Too bad that isn't what we experienced.  After being ignored for a few minutes by everyone who passed by and even the person behind the counter, I found someone to tell that there were two of us and we would like to sit at the sushi bar.  Although there were spots open, we were left standing there for quite a while.  Do you want to stand around holding a 6-pack and not even be offered a bottle opener?  Me neither.  Once we were finally seated, we weren't told about any specials, offered water or even glasses for our beer.  Deciding to make the best of it, we ordered:Yellowtail sashimi (good, the best item we had)Spicy scallop nigiri (good)Albacore sashimi (dry, not sliced through, leaving us top pick off overcooked bits and pieces)Freshwater eel nigiri (dry and crumbly rice, falling apart at the touch)Scallop dynamite ($15+ for 'krab'?  Really?)The female sushi chef was nice but our waitress was nonexistent.  Other tables and customers at the sushi bar seemed to be getting decent service (water, getting their beer/wine/whatever from the refrigerator) but we were left without water refills (once we finally got any at all) and don't even think about getting another of those BYOB beers we brought.  It even took a while to get the unused bottles back when we were trying to leave. Lackluster food and nonexistent service at a premium price.  No thanks.
I got the chicken burger today, it is pretty good.  Grilled, juicy, and cooked just right.  The fries are always hot and crispy.  The wait for the food took a little longer than normal, but I know they are very busy.  Bummer our service this time was a totally miss.  At first she was great, check came took our drink order and food at the same time (we were ready).  She checked on us after our food arrived and we ever saw her again until the bill.  We both were so thirsty, NO REFILLS.  She offered us later that she can bring our refills in a to go cup.  That is great, but I would have liked a drink with my food instead of choking it down.
The food's been covered before so all this review will be is further social proof that this place does indeed rock.  I've missed good veal cannelloni for a while now , looks like I wont need to anymore:)    For once it's not the processed grey stuffing that has one texture throughout  surrounded by an inner tube ( Cough  famous chain)    Erin's  Pollo Piccata was excellent  and the accompanying pasta was perfect.Sadly  they fed me too well since I was dying to try the tiramisu  but the afternoons plans didn't involve  refrigeration.  Lastly thanks to all that  saw the excellent reviews and kept piling them on it really makes a big difference on how likely we've been to try new places.
Time flies when you're having fun...It's been almost a full year since my initial review of Bacon, and I've been back probably ten times or more.I've seen a lot of transition with the employees but I can say that their service has gotten much better since the beginning.  The casual atmosphere is right up my alley for a weekend breakfast, and my yogi omelette / protein pancake orders have stayed consistent too.  I was there earlier today and while the service was spot-on, I did find a piece of ham in my otherwise veggie omelette - but I overlooked it and enjoyed my meal nonetheless...My husband has been to Bacon even more than i have, and he told me he recently sampled what's to come on their new lunch menu (think pastrami sandwich).  So, go for breakfast, go for lunch, go for a Bloody Mary or a Mimosa... just kick back and enjoy your meal!
I have gone here several times and have tried the pizza, subs and the calzones.  I have not had anything there that I did not like and the only reason I don't give this five stars is because everytime I am in there it seems a large group with lots of young kids has just sat down (or come to run around me while I try to eat) at the same time as my date and I.  I admit, I wish restaurants had sections for families so that those who do not like watching kids run around or spitting food out of their mouths on to the table could eat in peace, but that is just me and that is why I have dogs and not children.Anyway, this place has awesome food, good service and if you can handle large groups of families then I highly recommend you take the drive out here to give it a try.
Oh god.. I use to love this place its the closest store to me, and I have my safeway card so I'm good to go.. place is a mess. First the parking lot.. too small for the amount of things going on at this complex, I am shocked that there isn't a daily accident in the parking lot. People are impatient, driving down the middle of the rows instead of one sides.. I just got back from there and I was making my exit and three cars tried to go for my parking spot created a jumble mess, so much so I had to pull back in the spot so they could move.. ugh. Inside the story, they seem to always always be stocking and never seem to be stocked.. When I go I can never fully complete my shopping list, there is always something not stocked so I have to come back or just go with out it.. But today took the cake.. Its just after one in the afternoon, every single row there was at least one person stock, blocking half of the row.. its 1pm! Usually by 1, stores are stocked up, maybe one or two things to go.. There was also a cockroach.. and not to sound snobby but the type of people that tend to go to this on, I feel I need to carry mace or have a buddy.. So I may go back for quick in and out shopping, but for big shopping trips I'll drive out of my to somewhere else.. even with the gas prices..
Someone asked the question in the Yelp talk threads where the best place was for fried things, like french fries and onion rings.  Several people said Ted's had great onion rings......so off I went!  I expected a smaller place but I was pleasantly suprised when I pulled up to a medium sized store.  I was greated with a smile and asked what I would like.  It was a Sunday afternoon so they were not very busy.  I liked the fact that you tell them what you want and they toss it on the grill right in front of you.  Everything is freshly cooked.  They did the same with the onion rings and french fries too.  Everything was fresh and hot.  My daughter had her favorite....a hot dog, which she loved, and fries which were fresh and crisp.  I had a burger and onion rings.  Yes, the onion rings were delicious!  The batter was great and the onions were a little on the sweet side.  My burger was cooked to perfection.  This is another great little place we will go back to.  It's also sort of near my work so maybe I'll get out one day and go here for lunch.  Thanks Ted's and Yelpers!
I'm a little bit country. I'm a little bit rock n roll...thank you Donny and Marie. Pinnacle Peak General Store is all country baby. 100% U.S. grade countrilicous! Well, ok, it's in North Scottsdale so it's got a pretty yuppified clientele. Part gas station, convienence store, cafe and post office....this is the cutest place ever. Was kinda my morning hang when I lived at DCRanch. Cup o joe, and the #1 Breakfast with 1 pancake, 2 eggs and bacon. I'm tellin' ya...it's good. Hard to screw up bacon and eggs so I'll rave about my pcake...a bit crispy around the edges and full of buttermilk flavor. Syrup is heated just right and comes in a squeeze bottle the waitress pulls out of her apron pocket. Is that a squeeze bottle of syrup in your apron or are you just happy to see me? Coffee is sturdy and aromatic...like my lesbian cousin Rita. I haven't eaten off the lunch menu...to me it's all about breakfast. My friends have ordered and enjoyed canteloupe with cottage cheese and some kind of omelette which escapes me now, cuz, frankly, I'm not a big fan of the omelette. Childhood trauma and I can't go into it now. The funniest thing about this place are the copper pots and other bric a brac hanging from the rafters that are all for sale. Some of the pots are like $100! OMG....They also have a gas pump that's like $5,000...I guess that's where North Scottsdale meets the country general store. So hitch up the wagon and skeedaddle on up to the Pinnacle Peak General Store. Tell 'em Thomas sent ya
Love this place! Amazing Happy Hour Specials!!
What an incredible little hidden gem!  I have lived here for 10 years and been to Richardson's a number of times, but I never even knew that Dick's Hideaway was around the corner hidden away behind those beautiful bougainvillea's.  The dcor was warm and woody with a very nice rustic feel.   This little place has the all the charm of the guys working inside.  As cozy as it was, I immediately felt like I just walked into that place 'where everybody knows your name'.  My friend's and I met for breakfast.  High top wooden rustic table or belly up to the bar?  Very comfortable, either way.  I was expecting the typical two egg breakfast, but to my delightful surprise, they have their own spin on breakfast.  Not sure if any of you had been to Richardson's (same owner AND same owner as Rokerij), but I swear they have the best red sauce on the planet.  I had 2 eggs, over medium, next to some rancho beans topped with a little bit of cheese, and some breakfast potatoes, ALL on top of a fresh flour tortilla.  The best part?  My eggs and beans were topped with their famous red sauce.  OH YEAH.  We were in heaven.  I think we have been there once a week ever since.  Highly recommended!  A +++
Truly don't appreciate the pathetic TEASE they have by naming this place with initials, yet refusing to tell us what they actually mean.  If there isn't a clear meaning, then you're lame for having a name like this.  Please, drop the act.They don't brew their own beers as of now.  They're contracted out by someone else (Grand Canyon I think, which doesn't have a good reputation for award winning beers).Large tap selection, but sadly it is heavily skewed heavily towards Arizona beers which are not exactly highly rated, nor sought after by those really into great craft beer.  Luckily they still have some of the better regional beers from California & Colorado (among others) on tap as well.Food is extremely high in price, excluding happy hour.  Maybe they'll do better than the failed German places in this location before it.
3 stars is being generous.Went to Tesoro tonight with my husband and two teenagers based on the glowing yelp reviews.  It is a very small restaurant, 9 - 10 tables with a small waiting area out in front, facing the strip mall parking lot.  We had a reservation for 7:30.  Arrived on time and were apologetically told that our table was not yet ready.   Had to wait out front for 20 minutes shivering.After we were seated, drink, wine, and appetizer orders taken, we relaxed and began to settle in.  Problem was, it is a very loud room. Conversation was a challenge.  Looking around, we realized that we were the youngest table in the room.  Average age appeared to be 60+ years old. Oh, well, young and hip it is not.  Hopefully the food is good. Bruschetta and antipasto were tasty.  For entrees, we ordered the homemade Fettuccine Bolognese, Spaghetti al Pomodoro, the Chicken Saltimbocca and a special, Farfalle with shrimp and asparagus.  Flavors were good, not great, but none of the pasta was homemade.  Very much a disappointment.On the upside, service was very attentive and friendly.  Unfortunately, food is only mediocre, and the strip mall location is a definite detraction in size and ambiance.  Would I return again?  No.
AWESOME!!! I love this place! I am from Seattle and I've been struggling to find a good pho restaurant since moving out here. Khai Hoan reminds me of some of the restaurants I used to go to back home.  I love hole-in-the-wall family restaurants like this one. No fuss, no frills. Just good food and fast service.We were greeted, seated, ordered and got our appetizer in 10 minutes. Food was delicious!!! Definitely go here!
It's cute. It's homey. However...You close at 6pm on a Wednesday night +You were going to charge me 50 cents to process my debit card=I left with one drink and won't be backToo bad too since my best friend lives around the corner. We would have lived here ...
Neat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This place is like a trip to a non-petting zoo and aquarium and aviary while you dine on fairly decent Mexican food.  I was here for a late brunch and didn't wait at all.  I was near a window that right on the pond, and just about every turtle in the pond crawled out to come on over and see what the Rock was cooking and how I was enjoying it... no joke, see pic!The ducks and geese were very active in the lagoon, showing off for all the diners, and it thrilled the kids to pieces.  The guacamole is decent and the 3 types of salsa you're given were all good in their own ways.  If anything, swing in here for the atmosphere.  I bet its awesome at night.
Looking for something refreshing to escape this crazy AZ heat? Rita's may be your answer!  I stopped by yesterday with Lindsey F, and was pleasantly surprised by all of the unique flavors of ice and custard to choose from: Swedish Fish? Check! (and it tastes exactly like the candy).  Lemonade, Cherry, Mango? Check, Check, Check!  I ended up taking home a quart of half lemonade and half cherry.  My husband and I dug into it last night.Next time I'll have to try the custard... or perhaps the Sour Patch Kid flavor that is coming out this week!  Mmmm!
Went here for brunch this morning (Sunday) and there were a few things that diminished the experience for me:* You claim New Mexican grub and then you charge for chips and salsa or sopapillas which are standard complements to any New Mexican restaurant meal.* At $3, the coffee is  a rip off! Seriously? We're not talking cappuccino, people and you're selling build-your-own Bloody Marys for the same price!* The carne adovada was tender but not very spicy.That said:* The green salsa was really good.* I'm so desperate for carne adovada, I'll settle. (besides, $9 is more than a fair price for 3 eggs, black beans and carne adovada in a bowl on a flour tortilla - even if it was more beans than pork.)* There are several options for $5; and, if they are all like the eggs benedict, they are generous portions.* The patio is nice and the bar area feels like a neighborhood pub (not a cave, but that's not got to be a bad thing!)
3.5 stars for me.  My first thought upon walking in was "wow, it's small."  Not a bad thing necessarily.  Could be a good thing in fact.I ordered a "Blushing Lady" cocktail (gin, Citronage, lemon juice, simple syrup, and a splash of sloe gin).  I'm pretty sure it was served in a dribble glass because I seemed to have difficulty actually consuming it.  But what I did have was perfect for me, and I would like another.I also opted for the special that evening which was a tenderloin sandwich with poblano, swiss, watercress, and charred onion.  While the poblano and onion sold me on it, I didn't quite get the swiss and watercress.  It was good, but could have been better with another cheese IMHO.  Also tried the herbed fries (delicious) and the mac 'n cheese (not as delicious).  The mac 'n cheese was good, but lacked the gooey cheesiness I crave.  We finished with warm doughnuts and salted butterscotch.  Doughnuts were fantastic, and it's hard not to like the butterscotch, but the "salted" part was missing.  A touch more please.I had kinda forgotten about The Grind, but now that I'm reminded of it, it's worth a second visit.
Where do I begin? Let's start with the server who literally yelled everything he asked or said to us. Oh, and then he rammed a chair into my leg and was just not very concerned about our experience overall.Let's move on to the cheese crisp, which had plenty of grease cascading off the pieces, and virtually no "crisp." Did you put some cheese on a tortilla and microwave it? 'Cause I could have done that at home.Both drinks were quite tasty- my tea was strong like I like it, but not bitter. Hubby's lemonade was very good, but he drank it so fast I didn't get a chance to steal many sips.Let's discuss the entrees, shall we? Hubby's carne adovada chimi was decent, better than my carnitas. In fact, MY carnitas is better. (I keep aiming for Chef Hector's at Sam's...) Yes, the pork was very tender, but the salt was -shall I put it nicely?- aggressive. Sam Kinneson aggressive. The "tortilla" was an inedible science experiment. Thick and doughy, and made even more appetizing by the charred side, it reminded me of the salt play dough we all made as kids, formed into a pancake. Truly nasty.As for the legendary salsas, Hubby found the green to be tasty, but he did not care for the flavor of the red. Neither was especially fiery to him either. Riding on reputation, are we?
I've been here for dinner and the food was pretty tasty. The mixed grill platter is a definite recommendation, and the chicken biryani was full of flavor. The only downside was that the naan was just ok. Not straight out of a tandoor like naans should be.Their weekend brunch was decent but kind of disappointing. The chicken tikkas were kind of bland and there were no fresh puris to go along with the channa and halwa. But all in all, a good tasty experience and definitely one of the better IndoPak restaurants in the Valley.
RnR strikes me as a casual, urban place to meet up for drinks and a bite to eat. It's not what comes to mind when I think old town Scottsdale, but places like this popping up are helping to change my mind about the area. Unfortunately after I was finished I was reminded that it's still old town when I walked by a pan flute band on Main St.The old town parking corral is directly behind RnR, you can get to it from the alley next to RnR or off of 2nd Street.The space has a refreshing, industrial feel. I was impressed by the thought put into the seating options. Inside mostly features traditional high top tables for four, but I noticed they had a table near the bar that could seat at least 12. The downstairs patio features another bar, and both table and lounge chair seating. The upstairs patio has the best date seating, lots of tables for two.There was a lot of staff working during my visit. The host was friendly, and my waiter was attentive. My water was never empty and I got my sandwich in under 10 minutes. If anything they were a little too eager to please. I was both impressed and bemused when my waiter refilled my water glass, apparently noticed my ice had mostly melted, then returned with a scoop of ice to add to my cup.I just got a grilled cheese (which includes tomato and bacon) on my visit, I had dinner plans later but I was interested in feeling this place out. I really enjoyed it. The bread is cut pretty thick, which made me a little nervous. But it had a wonderful texture, and after a few bites I decided it worked for me and didn't overpower the delicious sharp cheddar and bacon like I expected.I look forward to returning to try other meals, and to sample what the bar has to offer. I understand RnR will have both late night hours and breakfast service. This is a great place to visit any time of day, but I'm excited about having a new, good place I can frequent after (or during) a night out.
I was so excited to try these cupcakes, but I've got to say I was pretty disappointed, especially after waiting in quite a long line. I am a cupcake fiend, but they were not nearly as good as I thought they would be. I got 7 different flavors and I didn't think they were very sweet and, cake wise, they all kind of tasted the same. The frosting wasn't all that great either. My mother and kids tried them too, and didn't think they were all that great. Don't get me wrong, they weren't awful, but I'd never go back. I tried them and now I'm done. I'd rather save my money (and my time) and bake my own cupcakes.
If only they had a place like Tryst Cafe back in California! The first and only problem I had with the place was the fact that I wanted nearly everything on the menu. They have amazing specials, and while the Monte Cristo breakfast sandwich and glazed-walnut French toast looked amazing, I was hungry and opted for the Hawaiian breakfast.The food came pretty quickly and was warm. We didn't order any drinks because the fresh-squeezed one's are so expensive it's actually cheaper to buy one of their smoothies. The hawaain special- composed of 2 fried eggs, shredded Kalua Pork, cabbage and rice- was tasty, but a little bland. They gave my brother and I (we ordered the same thing) some soy sauce, but I would have preferred a nice dollop of ketchup instead of the sodium infested kikkoman. Other than that, the dish was delicious. They fried the eggs perfectly, the runny yolk making the rice and pork taste even better! I usually only like my eggs over-hard, so it was a pleasant surprise.My mom opted for the healthy option, getting the yogurt parfait. In my opinion, this was the disappointment of the table. My mom claimed that she loved it and that it tasted like Beijing's yogurt. My mom must have some really refined tastebuds because all I tastes was some store bought low-fat vanilla. The granola was good and the berries fresh and few. What can you expect for $5? In my opinion, a little better than that. My dad, opting for the unhealthy option got the huevos rancheros. He ate it so quickly I didn't get a taste, so I can only assume it was tasty.Overall? Great choices, great venue, and good food.
This place is usually packed late after coming back from Dos Gringos or whatever since it's right around the corner. There's a reason for this, their pizza is good. Big, wide slices... in fact their slices are double what you'd normally get anywhere else. Thin crust, chewey crust, great sauce flavor.  If you do get pizza here, order it by the whole pie. You won't be disappointed. I only will order a meat slice if I know it just came out of the oven. Personal preference and this is for any pizza by the slice joint.When I was there Monday night, the owner was singing softly. It reminded me of my mom when I was a little kid and how she used to sing to me............ i told him to sing more. I'm kidding, it was a woman singing.....so I'm not knocking this place, just pizza by the slice places in general.
From the get-go we liked this place.  The fried dumplings were wonderful and crispy on one side and lovely and soft on the other and the dumpling sauce was amazing and just spicy enough.  My husband refused to let it go and finished it over the course of our meal!On this, our first trip, we had Tangerine Beef and the Crispy duck.  The tangerine beef sauce was sweet and a bit tangy with a touch of spice and the beef was crispy and very tasty.  The duck was amazing.  The tastes were multilayered and well balanced and the crispy coating was salty and peppery and almost buttery under it all.  Together it created a very complex savory and sweet dish with a kick of spice at the tail end.  The flavors in the duck were very reminiscent of Cantonese food in Shanghai...this is the first time I can say this about a restaurant in the states that isn't located in a Chinatown. The wait staff was friendly and very helpful, welcoming us back and giving information on some local Asian markets as we left.  I highly recommend this place!
5 BIG STARSFor service and quality of meal, restaurants really don't get any better than this. Multiple servers, dressed in NY black are constantly there for you.This restaurant prides itself in using local products & blending them into traditional meals, ala Alice Waters, and they do an excellent job.For starters, we had (are you ready?):-"Macerated Local Vine Ripened Heirloom Tomatoes, Fossil Creek Goat Cheese & Mascarpone Tart," including Buckwheat & Saguaro Seed Tart, Basil foamed from the garden, Black Ice, and Gila River Olive Oil; and-"Pan Flashed White & Green Asparagus with Chanterelles & Cholla Buds," including Chanterelle Mushroom Fondue, Desert Quail Egg (sunny side up), Red Currents and Aged Sherry.And that was just the beginning! For dinner we had:-"Veal Ribeye Rubbed with Sandalwood, Dry Mole & Green Chile Sand," including Mesquite Cooked Desert Fruit Chutney, Truffle Frites, and Rutabaga Cobbler; and-"Local Pecan Crusted Colorado Lamb with Native Seeds SEARCH Mole," including Pastry Tapenade of Fennel, QC Olives, Eggplant, Wild Mushrooms, Heirloom Tomatoes & Iitoi Onions.Everything was exquisite!This meal was to die for!Any complaints at all? Well, yes, but very minor. This place is actually in a Sheraton, but I guess that insures a good stream of patrons that can afford such meals.And the decor? Not very good. It needs a serious MAKEOVER.  Wall-hangings, window treatments & carpeting aren't much.So there you are...
I am definitely quite shocked at some of these reviews. I disagree with the lack of flavor, and the tasteless dishes some reviewers experienced while eating here. I recently moved over to the N. Phoenix area, and while craving some Vietnamese food a few months back, I decided to  browse "Yelp" to find it. I came across these reviews, and decided to check it out regardless of the poor comments of this establishment. I phoned in my order without looking at a menu,  ( Chicken Pho, Egg Rolls,& Spring Rolls) nor  knowing where they were even located, I eventually found it in the little nook of the Fry's shopping center. I walked in to a very tiny little restaurant  with a cute little man standing at the cash register holding my wonderfully smelling  food in hand. When I got home, I realized that he had forgotten to add the Noodles (which obviously is the  biggest part of this dish) I was a little miffed but eventually got over it, once I tried the appetizers we ordered,and the wonderful flavor of our pho. I knew it was such a harmless mistake so I didn't hold it against them. After consuming our wonderful and inexpensive meal I came to the realization that THIS is my new Fav Vietnamese spot in the N Phoenix area.. I've eaten their at least 5 times since I found this place in Jan. That says something in my mind!! In my opinion they  beat Pho Bang, and Avina HANDS DOWN!!  It's clean, inexpensive, flavorful, and definitely NOT tasteless.. A definite treat if you ask me. Speaking of which I think I'll order some now :o)
FEZ for brunch on Saturday with a bunch of girlfriends was one of the highlights of my weekend. Several of us ordered the FEZ Fritatta and it was perfectly cooked with tasty toppings and the best bacon on the side. I also sampled the sweet potato fries and they were even better than anticipated--a standout.Plates looked pretty. C'mon, that's important! Presentation, people. Service was superb.Hadn't been to FEZ in a while and forgot how delicious it is! Let's go to FEZ more often, girls!
SAKE    *Japanese alcoholic beverage made from fermented rice; usually served hot .( Full disclosure : I don't like sake)Parents in Scottsdale for a first look at the new house / neighborhood. We were on the horns of a dilemma : ? Would a mid week , early season dinner at the club be too quiet? Should we  descend south of  the Frank Loyd Wright  into south - north Scottsdale....??We opted for the safe bet - booked a car and headed south to the Ocean Club.** A) never drink and drive in Scottsdale ( or anywhere else for that matter)**B) if you're a foreigner - never- ever drink and drive in Scottsdale**C) A + B refer to you Nikolai Khabibulin (( A nod of support to the YELP community . After perusing the Ocean Club reviews retrospectively I believe the correlation existing between the posted notes and reality to be around 0.90 Well Done!!( I would go as high as a correlation of 0.95 if high and low marks were thrown out ( similar to olympic skating or gymnastics)))We arrived at the club---- a good bar crowd ( not quite as Mountain lioness(y) as i had expected (? hoped?) -- ? mid week perhaps...?,a good blend of hipsters , hobos and Mrs Lovey Howell III's ( score +1 for the Ocean Club)We were promptly seated - at a good table - well positioned , near the back and partially curtained - nice.( score + 1 for the Ocean Club)The waiter then promptly arrived to take our drink orders:Now - I don't like Sake ( see note above) - but on occasion - I like to fancy myself as the kind of guy who may indeed like Sake- hence , I order a Grey Goose Sake Martini -" I have no Sake" the waiter announces sadly.Now - this is tricky - can I in good conscience penalize the establishment for not having a beverage that I really don't like or want in the first place?Too bad for you Ocean Club 'cause yes I can.( score -1 for the Ocean Club)The drinks arrive - I have opted for Grey Goose sans Sakeand yes -sweet Jesus  they are huge ( see prior posts).( score + 1 for the Ocean Club)The waiter then arrives to review the menu and describe the specials-This he does without note , blackboard , evening card or inked cheat note on his wrist-He recites for what seems to be forever...It is like a reading from the old testament - but instead of a mere chapter of the book of Leviticus - he recites the entire book....I am captivated ....( or is it the Grey Goose)?? does he really know the name of the Italian girl who dug this evenings truffles up in Piedmont...???? does he really know the glove size of the Japanese ranch worker who massaged the Wagyu beef and from which prefecture he hailed...??( if so - why didn't he have him send me some Sake....??)at any rate - I am entertained( score + 1 for the Ocean Club)The food arrives - the portions are huge and the flavors sublime.( at this point in the evening my memory fades into Grey Goose and Châteauneuf-du-Pape...... is that Joan Rivers - across the bar making eyes at me....?? ) ( score + 1 for the Ocean Club)dessert arrives, sated ,  - we cannot really eat any more but I remember thinking that the desserts may be the best I have tried outside Europe-( score + 1 for the Ocean Club)                                                    * * * * *Adding it all up five stars and a promise to find a way to post six stars next time I am there if they find me some gosh darn Sake!!
What a find.  In a strip mall nestled between a bank, clothing stores and overnight shipping is Giuseppe's.  A family owned and run establishment where byob is the way to go.  This reminds me of countless small mom and pop's back in The City.  The staff is friendly, the portions sizable and the check small to medium.  In fact, I can't believe I haven't reviewed this restaurant before.  Whether on a date, or with the family, I've never had a bad experience in the dozens of times I've been there.  From the veal parmagian (sp?) to the eggplant, from the fettucine to the spaghetti and meatbeals... mama mia.  It is a small venue, with very limited outdoors seating during good weather.  And the locals know about it, so it gets pretty packed Thursday through Sunday.  The salads and appetizers are delicious as well... If this restaurant had been in Spinal Tap, it would get "an eleven"...
Great place for tapas! I really enjoy this restaurant for a couple reasons. 1 being that they change the menu constantly and 2 being that each item on the menu is always good. Some are better than others, but the worst thing on their menu is good.I love going with 2 or 3 other people so we can order a variety of things and I can try new and different kinds of food. Sol Y Sombra is always a nice change of pace from other Scottsdale eateries. Nice cocktail and wine list also.
I had a great time at The Roosevelt. The lovely duo of Megan and Gretel took care of me with good food and drink and everybody I met there was really quite friendly. I liked the almost too many choices of beers on tap, including the current rotating pick: Summer Solstice from Anderson Valley. (I'm told that brew isn't widely available on tap in the phoenix area.)everybody say it together now: get the pretzel. but be careful it is piping hot, you may want to ask for a knife and fork if you want to eat it immediately. my entire life I've never had a tomato soup I liked until I had their grilled cheese and tomato soup. the soup was great! but the cheese sandwich could have been better.one thing to be aware of is they serve mostly beer and wine, with a ginger ale and a root beer. oh, and water. so don't ask for a martini, cola, or other bar favorite.
07/25/11I have a new crush... and it's Christopher's Restaurant's pizza!  I've been holding onto a restaurant.com gift certificate I'd purchased to use at Crush Lounge for a long time now and decided it was time to use it.  I arrived w/ high expectations, of both the ambience and the food, and I wasn't disappointed... much.  The service was a bit spotty at times- we were immediately greeted when we entered and were seated quickly, but the wait that came after water delivery was a bit long at a time when there were no other guests seated around us.  (Perhaps there were other guests seated elsewhere, but they weren't seated at the lounge, at the food bar, nor outside... Indeed, it seemed like were were the only ones in the room, besides the cooks at the open kitchen area, the servers, and the bartenders.)  Bread was delivered, but we were each given only one one-inch slice of a baguette.  How strange, especially when the butter cup held enough butter to spread over a whole loaf!  Whatever...  Two of the three dinner specials were relayed to us, w/ the promise of coming back to tell me about the scallop dish, but when our server finally came back ten or so minutes later, he asked if we were ready to order, so I had to remind him about the scallop entree... What was in it, and how was it prepared, and how much?  Hmmm, maybe he was ready to go home...Came in w/ Mom, so we had to try the calamari.  I also chose the Duck confit, goat cheese, and fig pizza.  For dessert, we had the profiteroles.  I really liked the calamari's coating-- lightly battered and fried golden-brown.  My fave pieces of the squid are also my Mom's fave, the tentacles, so these were soon finished.  At least half of the remaining pieces, the sliced bodies, were undercooked-- poor value for the $12 menu price tag (and I was charged $13 on the ticket).  The pizza* was TERRIFIC!  Loved the semolina thin crust, and the duck confit gave the entree a great smoky flavor-- I thought perhaps there were lardons included in this dish too, but all the smokiness came from the duck.  Mmmm.... The goat cheese was very creamy, and there were lovely chopped figs all over the place-- I'd order this pizza again in a heartbeat!  The profiteroles were fantastic, as well.  Three sliced choux pastry rounds, filled w/ dark chocolate sorbet, vanilla, and chocolate ice cream, sat on a pretty display made of chocolate ganache and creme anglaise, whole blackberries and blueberries, and a sliced strawberry.  More ganache was poured over the top of one profiterole upon presentation.  I asked if I could have more ganache, and our server quickly obliged-- thank you!!  We loved the crisped flakiness of the pastry (so perfect!), and out of the three flavors, we liked the fudgy dark chocolate sorbet the most.  I tell you, if I could've licked the plate clean, I would have.  :)  Excellent dessert-- I totally recommend!(*Pizza reheats well!  Still lovely in flavor and just as crispy as it was when it was first delivered.  Can't wait to go back and try the other varieties!  Happy hour UYE, anyone?)
Not exactly what I expected ..................I liked it. I was thinking some sprawling ranch house with wood floors and saw dust everywhere, maybe some old west artifacts on the walls and grumpy old waitresses. What I got was a cool little funky building, with cool interior and neat things on the walls. More of a sports bar atmosphere with a good sized dining area. Killer staff and great food. I had a burger, I believe flat grilled, cooked medium rare and I could tell it was good beef. They said they grind it themselves. The fries were great as they are a fresh cut type. The beans were different. They were a lighter vinegary type of bean with onion and bacon. I liked them but could not eat the whole pot that came out. It ended up being a little expensive. 9 for the burger and Fries, 2.50 for the drink and 1.50 for the beans. Tax and tip it was an 18 dollar lunch.
Dinner for four at the soft opening.The food kept us talking about the tastes and combinations far into the night.Small/shared plates will fill you up quickly.  The Hamachi Crudo was a fresh, light starter with peppers, fennel and sea beans to fire up your appetite! Grilled asparagus and a delicate, cheesy risotto were great sides but the smoked beef rib was a taste sensation.  Sweet and savory, smoky and succulent, sticky and sumptuous! Bleu cheese grits and grilled peaches were the perfect pairing.  ahhhh, sigh.  I think I'd pass up the tater tots and save room for something else.  This restaurant is just what Phoenix needs.  Close to the ball parks or walk off your dinner in an invigorated downtown, Blue Hound Kitchen is a great addition to the energy.
I met my cousin here for lunch, and we were really happy with the meal.  The place is a less than impressive on the interior, dingy booths, long and narrow.  It's terribly crowded up by the counter, not a lot of room to order and pick up your food.I do question how a place can call itself "Los Taquitos" and then not have taquitos on the menu, but I went for the flautas instead.  They were good, but what set the meal apart were the beans.  The most flavorful beans I have ever had.  If you told me these were magical beans, I would have believed it, but I wouldn't have stopped eating them to plant one and see.Service was quick and friendly and there was plenty of seating, even during the lunch rush.  Looked like a lot of people get orders to go.  I'd like to go back and try a few other items on their menu, if they come with beans of course.
I frequent this location before work quite a bit since I start work right around the normal dinner time. Always clean, friendly, and good food. They have real silverware and "real" plastic plates! Lol.
Green....how I love thee.  Green may be vegan/vegetarian, but I certainly wouldn't claim it to be 'health' food.  Green is located in a small run down strip mall adjacent to Kore Bicycles on the NW corner of Scottsdale Road and McKellips.  It doesn't look like much from the outside and without knowing of Green you probably wouldn't do a second take upon passing it, however the food here is no less than amazing!  The decor is unique and fresh; 10-12 tables, a couch/lounge area, random artwork on the walls, painted quotes, lights hanging from the ceiling, and old painted car doors along one wall.  I've tried a random assortment of items from the menu and nothing has disappointed me...but by far my favorite is the BBQ 'Chicken' sandwich along with an appetizer of the spicy buffalo wings.  I believe the mock chicken Green uses is fungus based, Quorn perhaps (may not sound appetizing but it is freaking awesome).  I am not personally vegan, or even vegetarian for that matter but Green has me hooked.  I've 'forced' many of my meat eating friends to try Green and they have all become believers (if you could call sharing something so wonderful forcing).Great prices, great dishes, unique/fun atmosphere, and great service!!! (On one Saturday evening around 6:30 my boyfriend and I decided to pick up some Green to go, the place had a line out the door and it took about 30-45 min to get our food.  We weren't even upset about the wait, just waited patiently for our delicous order and upon arrival the server gave us two free entree tickets for our next visit and apologized.  THIS is how you keep your customers coming back for MORE!)  Love this place so much!
Impressive dinner tonight!  However, it was a packed house, and it took over an hour for my Panang Curry to arrive.  While I was a part of a large group of about 14, our particular group had 6 people.  One tablemate's entree (Ginger veggie stir-fry?) arrived at least 20 minutes before the second tablemate saw hers (Yellow Curry).  It was at least another ten minutes before the third tablemate saw his, and so on...  I was able to sample my neighbors' dishes of Spicy Catfish (battered and fried catfish topped w/ bell peppers, basil, and spicy red curry sauce) and Swimming Rama w/ pork (topped w/ peanut sauce over steamed veggies).  All three were AMAZING!  I'll definitely order the Rama and the catfish next time!!!Didi, our server, moved quickly, was efficient, and attentive, and was even helpful in suggesting alternate selections to those who had never had Thai food before.  She even warned tablemate Ericka, who'd only recently discovered peanut butter as an entree ingredient, that she'd either love or hate the Rama.  We were thankful that she rolled the dice and ordered it, anyway.I hope that the kitchen crew can work out the kinks as far as pacing goes-I hope that by next visit I can up the review back to five stars!!Ooh, do try the coconut ice cream w/ embedded grated coconut!  Not as good as Yupha's homemade coconut ice cream, but still  quite delightful :)
Remember how I said that the Trivia was the best thing about this place?  Well, they got rid of long time Triva host, Dave (who had been featured in the College Times and was the best thing about the trivia).  Without Dave's personality, this place just doesn't cut it.  Will never go here again. Bummer.
Had some time to kill before the Ultimate pleY Date Yelp event, and I'd wanted to share my love of Nobuo's Dark chocolate mousse with green tea ice cream and sugared orange peels with my happy-go-lucky cousin, who has never been here before, so we stopped by at 5:17p to find that Nobuo wouldn't open till 5:30p, so we waited outside in the comfortable patio.After watching a couple of employees add lanterns to their outdoor umbrellaed tables, I noticed the "OPEN" sign on the front door, so we entered the resto, whereupon we were greeted warmly by a male host and shown to a two-top.  I didn't like the energy in that room, so I asked if we could sit elsewhere, and he said to choose wherever we wanted to sit.  We were the first customers, so we chose a four-top, knowing we wouldn't be taking up space for very long, anyway.  Glasses of water were delivered, and soon we met our female server (whose name on the receipt reflected "Butai").  When she laid down the menus, I told her we would only be having dessert and could we see the dessert menu?  I wished we had a video of the look she gave us, a look of pure distaste, as she gathered up the dinner and beverage menus and said "We don't have dessert menus, as we only have two..." and proceeded to tell us of the mousse and the almond-orange fritters.  She walked away, and as we loudly discussed about our losing our interest in dining there, she came back with napkins and utensils and asked if we decided what we were going to have.  I decided to forgo our server's very cold treatment and asked for the mousse.  After all, I'd already finished a glass of ice-cold water and cousin's phone needed recharging...  When Butai placed our chocolate mousse http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg#rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg on the table, I wanted to send it back.  Where was the lovely bowl and presentation of the last dessert I had here?  Was she serious in presenting us with this stale-looking mousse, with cracked edges and whose green tea ice cream had ice crystals on it?  I don't know about you, but the only times I've seen crystals on ice cream is when it has slightly melted and placed back in the freezer to re-freeze.  For me, seeing crystals on ice cream is a sign that it is old...  I brought the receptacle and showed it to the male host, who assured me that all of the mousse is made daily at 4:00a and seeing cracks and bubbles in the mousse is normal, so I decided we would go ahead and try it, if for nothing else but to have something to report here.  The dessert was definitely not up to par with the pretty bowl http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ#o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ I had during our October OYE in taste and presentation, but it was OK.  The mousse was still cold and stiff, and it had a mouth-feel more of like thick chocolate ganache filling/icing on a cake- certainly not the silky-smooth chocolate decadence I knew it could be.  My cousin had to warm up to the dish, as the sound of chocolate and green tea together didn't seem like a great combo to her (I told her to trust me).  She also never enjoyed orange and chocolate together, but she liked it in this dessert.  I understand that the knowledge of having to serve only dessert instead of dinner AND dessert, which translates to a higher table bill, can be a bit of a disappointment, but why must you show your displeasure to your guests?  Butai, you were lucky that my cousin even left you the change for a tip- she didn't want to give you anything, and you certainly didn't deserve it!  When I told other Yelp friends about the sub-par service and dessert we just had, one replied she didn't enjoy the last time we had apps here (I think it was around Halloween and First Friday?) either.  Cousin and I thought it very poor taste that our server gave us that awful, condescending look after finding out we were just going to have dessert; We didn't deserve that!  I am never going to recommend Nobuo to anyone, anymore.  I even promised my Japanese friend (who lives and works overseas) I'd treat her to a dining experience here when she comes to visit.  Guess I'll have to find another place to take her...  I don't want to risk getting the same treatment from Butai, or from another server should we come back here.  Sorry, Nobuo, but I won't be returning.
I've been here a few times now and I would say it is decent, slightly overpriced Mexican food. Their regular dishes are just OK. I have had their tacos and enchiladas and prefer Arriba's (right next door) or Carlos O'briens, just down the street. There is even some mom and pop place by my apartments that equates to the quality and taste. What I like about Los Olivos is their Nachos. OMG this thing is huge. Imagine a large pizza in your head and then replace that image with the same size plate of nachos. I am not even kidding. Four or more people could munch on this. They do it exactly how I like it too, lots of cheese, tomatoes, jalapenos, sour cream, and guacamole. YUM That is what has been keeping me coming back, but after the other night I feel I am sure to find somewhere whose nachos make me just as happy. Every time I have been here, it has been dead. And last time I came at prime dinner time. Then why is the service so awful? This kid kept coming up to our table and trying to take things. We weren't even half way done with our nachos when he asked while I'm in MID BITE "are you finished with that" not only asking but reaching his hand to grab the plate! And this happened repeatedly as we tried to finish our food. I don't know if they wanted us out of there or what. And then for someone who was so "attentive" I waited for 5-10 minutes for a drink refill (make the glasses clear and it won't be so hard to tell if I need more) My friend and I left full but irritated. If I thought the quality of service was a one time thing I wouldn't even put this review up...but the fact of the matter is when you are paying for overpriced Mexican food in North Scottsdale, it isn't as if your options are slim. My advice, go next door to Arriba's. Good food and GREAT service!
It's been awhile since this place was reviewed... and probably just as long since my last visit.  In the last few months (or possibly more), this restaurant changed names (it was previously 'The Counter') and cleared out the retail boutique area to make room for more seating.Future yelper Nancie S suggested we meet for lunch here today, and I was impressed with the changes.  By no means is Chloe's Corner a high end restaurant... it's more like a retro diner with a modern feel.  It's the kind of place you order at the counter and pay for it, and then they bring your food to your table when it's ready.  It's also great for those who want to pick up something quick on the go...We both ordered the chopped salad and a side of toasted cranberry walnut bread.  It was really tasty!  You can tell they use high quality ingredients... the salad is a unique combination of field greens, turkey, bleu cheese, walnuts, and grapes with poppyseed dressing.  I would for sure order it again although the tuna melt looked pretty amazing too!  There are several other 'classic' items on the menu such as grilled cheese, tomato soup, milkshakes, etc...Even more impressive than the lunch was the fact that I found a parking spot right away at Kierland and I left without going into one single store.  I'm so proud of myself for that... any fellow shop-a-holics know how hard that can be!Although I did like this place when it was "The Counter," it looks to me like the change that Fox Restaurant Concepts made to this restaurant was a good one!
I struggled a lot on whether to give this a 3 or a 4. Honestly, I'm not happy with my decision and I'm thinking it may deserve a 3. This place is new to me, but I'm no stranger to "Mongolian BBQ" as I've been a long-time fan of YC's. Obviously I'm going to compare the two. I liked that they had fresh meat, but it was a little fatty and since they use thicker chunks as opposed to shaved and frozen, it takes longer to cook your food. They seem to stack up orders on the hot disc. It definitely lacks the flair you get when eating at YC's, but the novelty of that wears off after a few times anyway. Plus, I know it's wrong, but I prefer the frozen shaved meats to these chunks. It's just different though - I wouldn't say frozen is better, just that I prefer it. I would even go so far as to say I preferred a lot of their fixin's outside of the meat. They had a better selection of spicy powders and sauces than YC's, and this place definitely caters to the spicy food lover more. They also had better vegetables. I should also mention they have a better selection of meats including two types of beef and even shrimp and scallops. Even your choices of noodles and rice was more extensive. Come to think of it, they really beat the shit out of YC's hands down in the available food department.And taste? Well, it was delicious I must say. Of course, I assembled the dish, so if it wasn't any good I have to accept at least part of the blame if not all. If I had to compare, I'd say YC's is very reliable and good consistantly because I tend to always create roughly the same dish. GG's I could see having a much broader range of flavors and experiences. The ambiance was okay for a strip-mall restaurant. It was kinda kitschy, but charming enough and fairly comfy. They had attention to detail. I think YC's (depending on which one you go to) is a "no frills" sort of place compared to this. They were piping in some good contemporary alternative music as well... for a minute, I thought someone had lifted my ipod.Service was attentive, but odd since this is a "get your own food" kind of place... They also have menus which is strange considering you basically put your own dish together and since the server explains the process again to you in detail. I felt a bit like a child being explained something so simple and obvious, but my girlfriend had a confused look on her face, so maybe it's a good thing they do that. Regulars probably just get escorted over to the line.I think my main gripe with it was the tiny bowl they gave me for the fixin's... but then again, you aren't putting noodles or rice in there like you do at YC's - they add that as they cook it for you. So I suppose the portions are comparable. Then there's the price. A little high perhaps - maybe higher than YC's (I know they used to be 5 bucks for a lunch bowl). But you do get a lot for your money if you know how to pack the food in the bowl. So I guess I was right to give it a 4 instead of a 3... turns out I really liked it. I think this would be a real treat for someone who hasn't had Mongolian BBQ before. I consider this to be a great alternative to YC's... Impressive.
One of the most impressive spots in town. Lunch here is a luxury experience - the grounds are amazingly beautiful, and the menu surprisingly affordable. Try this for an inexpensive way to really impress a business client.For dinner they will take your shorts, though it is certainly worth it if you desire a truly memorable, elegant evening. Life is too short - try this restaurant soon!I have yet to stay here (Royal Palms hotel) - but it is definitely on my list of 1001 things to do before I expire.
This is my favorite Chipotle to go to because it's the closest one to my work. I call in orders all the time and the staff always has it ready to go. Even when I don't have a pick up order they always move quickly to get everyone through the line, which is great because when I'm hungry I want everyone out of my way!
This place is essentially a copy of the old Father's Office (www.fathersoffice.com) in Brentwood, CA.  It took me a while to get over that fact and give it a decent try.  Among the things Delux has copied from FO is the famous "Office Burger," which Delux calls the "Delux Burger."  They also bring out the fries in a shopping cart just like Father's Office.  What Delux fails to copy, however, is the quality of the food and the high-end nature of the original.  At FO, the wines changed weekly and are all incredibly rare selections.  The beers at FO also tend towards the more obscure.  Delux seems to concentrate almost exclusively on beers and does have a decent selection, but nothing you can't find elsewhere.  Wines are available, but as an afterthought, and definitely not of the quality served at FO.  For Phoenicians who never experienced the joys associated with the original Father's Office, you're missing out.  It's like being an Eric Clapton fan but not even knowing who Muddy Waters is.  But all the imitation aside, I have to say that Delux does a pretty good job with everything and they have taken the FO concept and adapted it to the PHX strip mall environment.  Food wise, everything I have tried was ok.  They did change their sweet potato fries a year or two ago because the other ones weren't "crispy" enough.  The problem is that these new crispier ones have no flavor.  When they were testing out the new fries, the manager asked me and a friend to opine and we told him the truth: We said the new ones are flavorless.  I guess we were the only ones who thought so because they went ahead with that change.  That lost them 1 star from this review.  I would rather have the soggier more flavorful ones (who knows how they make these new ones so crispy anyways?).  When I go here, it's almost always out of convenience and late at night.  Not many places of this caliber stay open until 2 am, so it's about all there is when you are in need of a late night meal in this part of town.  Their 2 star rating is based on: clearly knocking off one of my favorite places, Father's Office (minus 1 star) and for ignoring my feedback on the new crispy tasteless sweet potato fries (minus 1 star).  They also lose a star for retaining the FO prices but substituting Phoenix strip mall quality.
I still like Lux better. Cartel is very appealing, though, to those who know their coffee. The menu is not huge, but it does offer basic, good drinks. They have plenty of syrups to flavor your drinks, if that's what you're into.I like the atmosphere in there, and the bike wheel "art" is pretty interesting and unique.This place is probably really great to study in, considering the fact that I see a sea of macbook apples every time I walk in here. The employees are funny and nice. Anyway, it is definitely worth checking out.
The pupusas, yes, the pupusas are great. The loroco with cheese has become our favorite, But this past week, I strayed from our standard and tried the gallina soup with braised chicken and salad. All I can say is, "What the hell? Where has this been my whole life?" The soup is magical. Huge chunks of carrot, potato, and zucchini, with some thin noodles, and a savory broth with some mint leaves. I quickly abandoned the rest of my entree in favor of finishing the huge bowl of magic. It was the best soup I've had since coming to Phoenix 13 years ago. Good thing Hubby got sick this weekend- it gave me an excuse to go back and get some more. Being magical, you know it has serious healing properties. Here's where I learned that the Sopa de Gallina is chicken soup without the chicken meat and the Sopa de Pollo is the same thing but with the meat. Two huge Styrofoam cups to go with lemon wedges and 4 hot and fresh tortillas cost less than $6.00. I was stunned. The owner said it costs more with meat. Believe me, you won't miss it. Who knew that magic was so cheap? Hubby's fever is already down and he's feeling much better.
I have to admit: I am impressed.I have been to a few vegan-only-menu restaurants and I was... underwhelmed. Nothing against the raw food movement, but unless it is a raw-specific place, I expect more creativity. Show me what food can do, be, taste like. Don't just cut it up and toss it on a plate.Four of us came in to eat on a Saturday and the place was PACKED. A good sign, surely, AND it was a really great mix of demographics: young and old, many nationalities, singles, couples, families... we liked that it had a wide appeal.The place smelled fantastic, too, so we started perusing the menu long before we had a table to sit at. We waited about ten minutes for a table. It's a bit like a cafeteria in that you order and pay at the counter, and the food is brought to your table.While we waited we were given a bowl of the "house soup" which, basically, was warm carrot water with a piece of carrot or two and some tiny, tiny mushrooms. We all agreed that it needed more of a broth flavor (more types of veg? more mushrooms?), but it was tasty enough and definitely whet our appetites for more.The spring rolls were really good but needed more. As we removed the peanuts for my friend, I "blame" this on us... I will have to have them with the peanuts next time.The crispy rolls were spiced and savory and light and perfectly crispy. My favorite had to be the Pate Chaude. Flaky, savory with a bite from a wonderful combination of spices, and a meatiness from the mushrooms that made us think a die-hard carnivore in our lives may not miss the meat if he were to eat it. THE dish of the day, hands down.The curries were a bit bland (Save-Planet and Divine Curry Noodles). They were fine, OK, but nothing that made us think we'd come just for that. Much better elsewhere.The Gracious Spicy Noodle soup was really tasty but it needed a tad more spice. With spicy in the name, we expected more. Some stuff is pretty basic: the sushi rolls are basic veggie sushi rolls. The rainbow salad is a tasty but commonplace cabbage and carrot slaw. The fried rice was fried rice. All yummy, all fine to eat, but nothing spectacular, different, or altogether exciting. Basic isn't bad.Four stars for the surprising and amazing pate chaude and the rolls, for sure. Ideally, 3.5 stars this trip, but I rounded up for the good parts. Couldn't go five stars for two reasons: too many items were just basic and the service is slooooooooow. 20+ minutes for fried rice (that we had to ask about)? 25+ minutes for some soup? It was a crap shoot as to what was going to be delivered and when. While they were swamped when we came in, the crowd was thinning out for their afternoon down time (they close from 3p-5p). Overall, our lunch took over 2 hours, most of it waiting on dishes to come out. No bueno if you have other plans that day.So... tasty, some major standouts, some "meh, I've had this before." We *WILL* absolutely go back to give the menu more of a chance to wow us; the ones that knocked us off our feet are worth the return. (Hopefully it's delivered a little faster this time!).
Inspired by recent Talk, this rating simply must be updated.Fatburger has a QUALITY-quality that places it in a wierd limbo between other fast food burgers and places like Fuddruckers.If you are a fan of the king, either of the two clowns, or the red haired girl, then Fatburger is likely to feel too expensive and that it takes too long.However, 'you get what you pay for' and 'good things are worth waiting for'.  Freshness, a multitude of assembly choices, and overall quality are big standouts at Fatburger.  The employees at this location have always been friendly and courteous.Tuesdays: buy a combo, get another burger free!
Got together with Mike C. to go out to a Thanksgiving Buffet today.  We tried for Golden Corral down the street in Gilbert but the line was way outside, so we came up here where there was also a wait, but shorter.  It was good, as always, but there were some negatives this time:*  The soups:  There was an ordinary Corn Chowder, a weak Cream of Broccoli, & ordinary Chicken Noodle.  They should have done better than this for Thanksgiving.*  There was no cottage cheese.  (They don't always have it, but at these prices they should have some today.)*  There was turkey, but breast meat only & no dressing!*  Over at the dessert bar there was no hot fudge (& it looked not as if it had run out, but rather that they just didn't offer any today).*  There were no sundae cups.  I had to go over & get a soup bowl to make a sundae.*  There was Hot Lava Cake (or "Hot Fudge Cake" I think they call it here), but it was sorely lacking in lava!Thus, it's down to 2 Stars for this restaurant that wasn't as good as it should have been for the money.Thanksgiving Buffet $12.99/$12.49 Sr.
I finally got the chance to visit Lola on my way home from a poetry reading at the Phoenix Art Museum Last night..(Side note: If you get the chance to see Aaron Johnson read, do so.)I somehow feel the need to appologize for the lack of stars to all of you who seem to love this place. I would certainly be willing to give it another try but I was not impressed.First the music is loud, and therefore everyone talking in the place turns up the volume and as my girlfriend and I were seated across from each other at the communal table we could barely reach to share the food let alone hear each other.Why are the tables so big if the food is so small? Maybe I am a bit of a glutton, but for 8 dollars I essentially ate a mushroom for dinner...Don't get me wrong it was tasty, and I understand Tapas are appetizers, but 8 dollars? I was disapointed. I used to go to Firefly in Vegas and it was cheaper and tastier.We just wanted to try this place and move on someplace quieter, but I was really looking forward to it...We decided not to have drinks and simply share one thing so we could get to said quieter place before it got too late...I think because we ordered so little, the waitress considered us a waste as far as her tips were concerned and therefore seemed not so friendly...and those little bitty glasses of water they bring...I drank immediately and it was never refilled. I was overall not impressed by anything except a patron's sweet ass Salvador Dali Mustache. I can see the charm there and I probably will give it another shot but based on this trip 2 stars is fairer than fair.
Arrived at 4:30 and staked out our place in line for the 5pm opening.  There were quite a few people ahead of us so it was clear we would be in the second round of people.  Placed our name on the list and went next door for wine and apps.  The goat cheese crostini was excellent.  The wait staff was pleasant and kept us updated on the wait.  After an hour fifteen we were seat. Waiter was extremely pleasant.We started with the antipasto (wood roasted vegetables, Sopressata, Bite of Cheese) and then ordered 4 pizzasMargherita - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil topped with cremini mushrooms, ROSA - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ PistachiosWISEGUY - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage and salamiBIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula and added Prosciutto di Parma (favorite)Service was great and the pizza well worth the wait
This review is for the take-out window at the original Red Devil restaurant. I grew up in this neighborhood and have come here since I was a wee lass. I remember begging my mom to get out of the car so I could stand in front of the pick-up window and "help" her carry the pizza to the car. I still come here because the pizza is amazing, they always have a large cheese & wings combo on special, they make their own super-chunkily-creamy-delicious bleu cheese dressing and the guys who work at the pick-up window are super-sweet (even when it's blazing hot outside, and inside, near the ovens). Sure, you have to remember a random number they give you at a moment where you'll never be able to find a pen or something to write with in order to pick up your order (like Carolina's), but it's still my favorite pizza complete with a chewy, delicious crust. Enjoy.
I love Defalco's.  I hate Defalco's.  The food is always fresh and I'm never disappointed.  The big problem is that the service is so slow.  It's  great that they have a market for you to look around while you are waiting for your food.  I know I can get quality tasting food but I have to here when I know I'm not in a rush to be somewhere.
We love 5th and Wine and recommend it to anyone that asks, the appetizers and wine specials for Happy Hour are some of the best in town. Let's start off with the fact that every glass of wine on the wine list, that's right every glass, is just $5 during Happy Hour from 3 - 6 pm.Did someone mention appetizers? Yep, 5th has you covered there too. Ever tried Fried Pickles? Love them! But I have to admit it took some convincing to win us over... thanks Scott! The fried pickles are thinly cut, fried to perfection and served with a creamy horseradish sauce for dipping.But what 5th and Wine is really known for at Happy Hour is their Bruchetta. They have 6 types to try but may we recommend this selection of our favorites: Apple and Brie; Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella; and the Steak and Horseradish. It's a great threesome! As someone mentioned last night, the bread is not too hard, very flavorful and toasted just right.Read the entire review here... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=680
I drove by last night and noticed the sign and decided I needed to check it out. So I stopped by for a late lunch and was the only one in the place which made for some nice time to chat with the owner and her mother, who was the one whipping up the great food in the kitchen. They've only been open since February and had relied on fliers and the painted signs on the windows to attract customers. While I was there, supremely enjoying the chicken curry roti, a few other people came in because they drove by and saw the sign. I couldn't decide between the jerk chicken or the curry for my roti, so I was given samples of both. I thought the jerk chicken was a little too hot for me, but the curry still was able to clear out my sinuses. Wow - slow burn! I was told they could tone down the heat upon request. I'm not sure I'd want to ruin the experience, though. The menu looked interesting - goat curry, oxtail - along with the jerk and the curry options. I opted for the guava nectar to drink (so yummy!). This is in my neighborhood so I'll definitely be back to try some more. The atmosphere was comfortable and I was encouraged to linger longer, but I needed to get on with my day. The food and the music piped in made me feel like I took a mini-vacation. Nice.
Tradition at it's most... er.... um.... traditional. Every time i eat here i feel like i have been transported to any number of old family owned steakhouses on the North Shore of Long Island, or Brooklyn. The plush red velvet, the dark wood and button tufted leather... The place just screams STUFFY BUSINESS LUNCH. My first experience here was with a bunch of lawyer friends who were dying for meatloaf or a steak with creamed spinach... The entrance is through the kitchen. That may seem a little odd, but I'd bet it sells dinners. Who can resist the wonderful aroma. By the time you reach your table, you crave rare beef, as red as the decor. It's the kind of place where you forgo the trendy drinks and have a Scotch with a splash,or a Rob Roy before dinner. The steaks are perfectly prepared, the garlic mashed potatoes are wonderful. I love the place. It isn't cheap, and admittedly, i have never paid for my own meal there. It has always been a treat from some friend who wears a suit to work, or some more traditional back easterner who wants to share their bit of meat and potato lovers heaven.
dragged my husband here because the menu online lists a particular kind of spring roll that i love. and when we show up, the menu was TOTALLY different. this place is geared toward your typical Arizona-white crowd. it's pretty watered down Viet food, and was sorely disappointing. and expensive. boo. go across the street to Mekong if you prefer better tasting, more authentic Viet food.
We chose this place for breakfast this morning because of the wonderful reviews on yelp.  I was certain it was going to be one of my new favorite places. We entered into a brightly painted orange restaurant and stood at the hostess stand for a few minutes waiting for the hostess to finish flirting with the server and notice us.  She clearly didn't want to be there and could care less where we sat, so opted for the table in the window.  We sat and waited and waited and waited.  Tables that were sat after us already had their drinks and they were not busy.  Finally I tried to get the attention of the hostess who was standing half asleep at the hostess stand, mouth open wide, eyes half closed.  A few minutes later we finally had a server.Our server was not very friendly.  I don't even think she said good morning.  We ordered.  Tables sat after us already got their food and we finally got our drinks.  She bought out 2 cups of coffee, but I did not order coffee so I made her take that back. Our food finally arrived.  We ordered french toast which came with strawberries, bananas and a cinnamon sauce, eggs benedict with crab cakes and two orders of country potatoes. Breakfast was pretty good.  I enjoyed my crab cake and the cinnamon sauce on the french toast was a nice added touch.  The potatoes were not good, they had WAY too much pepper on them, I couldn't even eat them.  Gary ate a few of his after he drowned them in ketchup.We never saw our server again.  We got a water refilled after we finished our meal.  AND THE WAIT BEGAN.  We waited and waited and waited for our check.  Tables that were sat when we finished eating had already finished their food.  We never saw our waitress. I guess we were her only table, if not I felt bad for her other tables as well. Finally some guy brought us our check and tried to drop it off and run, I said WAIT and gave him my card and said, "If I don't give this to you now it may be 20 more minutes before we see someone again"Because I didn't look at the bill first when he brought it back I didn't notice until after I paid that they charged me $12.05 for the eggs benedict when their menu actually said $10.50.  I didn't say anything...  I just left a sad tip.We were there for OVER an hour, they had lots of empty tables, and we only saw our server once.Gary and I always over tip, because he and his family owned restaurants in the Valley for 35 years.  He has spent a lot of time being a chef and serving tables.  We know that when food comes out wrong, it's probably not the servers fault, and things happen, so we still tip well.  TODAY, I felt like we were invisible and I have no idea where our server disappeared to for the hour.  We drove by Over Easy, La Grande Orange and IHOP to try this place.  We probably will not be back... unless we decide to give it a second try on jazz night... I do love jazz.
7/07/10Don't get me wrong, I still love JFG; I just didn't care for its BBQ pulled pork sandwich and fries.  The coleslaw was good, but not so fantastic that it's worth the pain after.  I thought that the pork had too much of the cloyingly-sweet sauce.  Wasn't so sweet when paired w/ the garlic toast points.  However, if you look at the included photo, you'll see that the two pieces of bread were under the pork, and therefore completely saturated w/ sauce.  I like accompanying bread to be crispy/crusty (love that crunch!), so all I had to enjoy that afternoon w/ the pork was the part that stuck out from under all that sauced meat!  What a waste (tsk, tsk)!  The boat of fries was just a complete soggy mess.  I should've asked them to sub sweet potato fries instead, but why must I pay extra to get a perfectly crisped product?  Then again, one (wo)man's treasure is another (wo)man's trash, and vice-versa, eh?Today wasn't a great day for me w/ regards to Mr. Johnston's two restaurants (see my "recent" Coffee Shop review).  I hope my next visit to a Johnston concept yields a happier adventure!
Bizarre. My family of 5 came here for lunch one day, to see what all the hype is about - and boy did Hana fall FLAT! I personally had no expectations and Hana still missed them. Before seating us at a LARGE table (there's maybe 10 tables in this joint), this obviously inexperienced hostess first looked unsure of where she should seat us (the table for 2 or for 4?) She then proceeded to rearrange the table for 4, and moved ALL of the chairs around the table to add 1, instead of just adding it to the empty space on the end of the table.... odd.And then our waitress.... was really abrupt and ungracious about things. My sister's accompanying salad was half covered in lettuce rust - and when she showed the waitress, all she said was "so do you want it?" Uhm, no thank you, I like my food fresh, not rotten, but thanks.The sushi was pretty much the same thing covered in different sauces. Annnd they were pricey. it was kinda sorta really unbelievably ridiculous. RIDICULOUS, i tell you! Not worth it. No way. I'm quite sure that the "crab" was imitation. And the fish wasn't even that fresh. Granted, we're in the middle of a desert, but still. The one redeeming quality of this place? The ramen. Although there were about 10 noodles in it, the pork was perfectly cooked. And it would have been nice if the chef had been a little less stingy with the ramen noodles. Would I come back? Uhm.... only if I had no choice and was craving ramen. But for sushi? Save your money, go to Yen and get muuuuch better quality AND quantity.
Decided to go for Round 2 for a light dinner this time.  I found the food and service to be superior to our last experience.The husband and I shared the mini mushroom pan fry, and I see why it is their signature dish.  It was so good that I will not be sharing next time.  We also had the dungeness crab stack.  This is pricey ($20) for a small plate, but it was fabulous.  We had the cuppa' red hot chocolate to finish.  It was a to-die-for dessert.  A chocolate pot de creme (custard) with chipotle crema and a chocolate chipotle cookie.  Spicy, rich, decadent, all good things.Our server was excellent from start to finish.  This time I am confident we will return, just maybe not at lunch.
I was a little skeptical when a coworker followed our bosses recommendation of  this place for lunch last week; what does a suit know about Mexican food? Our party of 3 arrived at 1145, a tricky time for Friday lunch. We were promptly seated to a clean table and I noticed the other tables were also getting cleaned quickly. Having worked in the industry for several years, I notice this sort of stuff and appreciate a quickly bussed dining room. Most of the staff are Spanish speaking but my gringo lunch pals had no problem getting by with their Spanglish and innocent, pleading looks. I scanned the menu and quickly spotted the "home make corn tortillas" for the quesadillas. I asked the server and she confirmed that this was only for the Estilo del Rey quesadillas. I'm a sucker for anything made in house- sign me up! She also guided me away from the pork and told me to get the chicken because it was better. I love having an interaction with someone who actually knows what they're talking about, so much better than a doe-eyed or aloof server saying "everything is good". When my plate arrived, I was really impressed with the presentation. The quesadilla took up half the plate, it was drizzled with crema, sprinkled with queso fresco, fresh cilantro and diced onion. It was served with a side of shredded iceberg and some lime wedges. I'm a firm believer in meaningful condiments, so if it comes with wedges dammit I'm using all of them. I juiced the limes and went to town. The steaming hot shredded chicken was perfectly cooked, sauteed with onions, spices and dressed with just the right amount of red chili. Slight warning- this is a little spicy but I would rate it close to a Valentino or Cholula-level. Coworker #1 got the Asada plate; the meat was bland and the beans were a little too creamy for my liking.  I quickly apologized to my quesadilla for straying.  Coworker #2 is a fellow foodie and had the shrimp tacos.  She was protecting her plate like a mother bear over a cub so I knew better and thought, "next time". I've since been back and tried desperately to look at something else on the menu but the chicken quesadilla Estilo del Rey kept beckoning to me.  Soon my love, we will reunite...oh- and the suit got mad street cred...
Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants!A friend and I went to lunch there last week and it was even better than I expected after reading the other reviews.  The menu is EXTREMELY extensive.  The b-fast all day long is a plus, but I wasn't in the mood for that this time so I stuck to the lunch menu.  I ended up ordering the half sandwich and soup of the day and my friend and I split a side order of sweet potato fries.  The eggplant and roasted veggie sandwich was really good, but huge and messy!  I ended up eating a lot of bread and then eating the insides that fell out with a fork after wards.  Delicious nonetheless.  The homemade chicken noodle soup was outstanding!  It had lots of other bits of veggies that are not traditionally in the soup (red pepper, green pepper, corn, etc.) and it added to the soup quite nicely.  Did I forget to mention it's a GIGANTIC bowl of soup?  There's no little cup o' soup here - come hungry!  The fries were delicious although we didn't even need them since our meals were "Hungry Man" sized.Some side notes:1.  Parking is awful for lunch.  If you don't mind creepily stalking folks in the parking lot and possibly engaging in an altercation with another patron attempting to park, go ahead and give it the good ol' college try.2.  I ordered a water with lemon.  I received a water with no lemon.  When I asked for some lemons for my water, they brought me out a small plate with SIX (yes, I really did say six) overgrown lemon wedges.  I tried to come up with a scenario where one person would possibly have a need for one entire lemon on steroids.  I couldn't come up with one.  There is no reason for one person to be in possession of that much lemon.  Period.3.  We walked in and staff #1 seated us.  Staff #2 took our order.  Staff #3 brought our drinks and later the pile of lemons.  Staff #4 brought our meal.  Staff #5 cleared our plates.  Staff #6 brought our check.  Staff #3 took our check and brought the receipts/change back.  Did it really take 6 people to get us through a weekday lunch?  I was mostly entertained by it - it almost became a game of "who will show up next and what is their task?"  It was still a little ridiculous.4.  Being a semi-health conscious diner, I loved that they had fat free dressings, made tuna salad with low fat mayo, and just had many, many more healthy options than the average restaurant.  I appreciate places that can fix a good meal without drenching it in calories and fat.  There are plenty of places to go for that sort of meal when you're in need.  No shortage there.  It's nice to have those options beyond the standard no dressing, burger wrapped in lettuce, or vegetable medley consisting of zucchini, carrots, and cauliflower.  A big up for Taylor's.5.  For a half sandwich with soup, half of the fries, tax, and tip I paid about $16.  It's not the cheapest lunch in town, but it's worth what you pay for.  Just remember that the portions are gargantuan so no need to order a lot of extras to fill you up.I will definitely be back again.  Enjoy!
I'm from the East coast, so living in Arizona feels like living in the land that Chinese food forgot. George and Son's offers the closest thing to "Chinese" food that I have found in Arizona (yes I know this isn't real Chinese cuisine, just look at my picture). PF Changs is not Chinese food, and that is the best I have eaten before I came here. All the other Chinese food that I have found is full of MSG, and makes me sick.The restaurant is cozy and relaxing, and the staff is very attentive. The sesame chicken is very good. I recommend asking for firecracker chicken. It is not on the menu, just ask for the firecracker pork, but with chicken. It has the right kick to it. I would NOT recommend the orange peal chicken. After eating 1/2 of my plate, I wan't to swear off anything orange for a month. I guess I needed something less sweet with a more varying taste. Last time I went in, I had the three amigos, which was very good. This is shrimp, chicken, and beef in a brown sauce, poured over a hot skillet plate at your table. I would recommend any of the three I mentioned.
In my effort to live and love local, I try to show Bashas some love since they are a locally owned chain. Everything about this Bashas is just OK. The produce, inventory and service are all par but nothing stands out. I recently bought several baked goods from this Bashas for an event. I was on the hunt for sugar cookies that Santa's little elves could decorate during a shopping crawl. They didn't have any out, so I asked the lady behind the counter. She told me they had cookies in the back for a dollar a piece. This was too high for my budget so I politely declined. Then a couple minutes later, she came back and told me they were actually on sale and only $.50, so I decided to buy them. Coincidence that I said no to cookies for a $1 and then they became 50 cents, or just oversight by the employee? Who knows.... During my visit, I also purchased some donuts. I need two dozen donuts and unfortunately they don't have donuts by the dozen pre-made so I ended up making my own. While this is good because you can choose your own, I think it would also be helpful to have pre-made dozens for those in a huge hurry (like I was that day). In summary, this Bashas is just OK, but I love supporting local so I will continue to shop here!
NOCA...  wow.Have you seen the outer limits show where the chef owns a device that when placed in a small room with a single person drives the person completely insane with fear but creates a liquid extract that adds complete and utter bliss to food.  That liquid is then added to  the restaurant's soup which is revered as the best soup in the word.  Limit 1 bowl per person...?NOCA must have gotten their hands on this relic.  Honestly.  This has probably been the best dining experience of my life.   Everything was delicious on its own, all together, or when combining just a few of the items on the plate.  Walked in and our server seated us.  They brought us an amuse-bouche that had a small amount of blue cheese, chorizo, and chives.  Was delicious.  Then bread was served. After that, our Bacon and Egg was served.  This was phenomenal.  A crispy perfectly poached egg with oh so tender pork belly....mmmmMy fiance ordered the butternut squash cannelloni and I ordered the duck.  Both were amazing.  The duck was so moist and tender but not greasy at all.  We then were served cotton candy as we waiting on our 2 desserts to arrive.  We had the donuts and the de-constructed cheesecake.  I had an espresso and my fiance had the vanilla malted milk shake.All of this was amazing.  My fiance wasn't in the mood for wine, so I delved into the beer list and low and behold, 90 minute IPA from dogfish head.... NOCA, I love you.
This place has it all. Fresh food. Vintage decor. Outdoor misting system for those uncomfortabley-sweaty summer days. Plenty of scooter parking. Beautiful shade trees (watch out for scorpions!). Oh and did I mention the food?My favorite item by far has to be the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich. Tender grilled chicken breast smothered in tangy wing sauce nestled between a toasty bun that has been smeared with blue cheese and crunchy celery. It's heaven in a bite.Coupled with a serving of Sweet Potato Fries, this is a party in your mouth and every taste bud is invited. (Even that anti-social one on the back of your tongue that doesn't know how to dance.)
Pretty good mexican grub in the 480.I had two carne asada tacos and a chile rellano plate.The meat in the tacos was tender, tasty and plentiful, accompanied by chilantro, onion and hot sauce - typical ingredients but done right.The chile rellano had a flavorful red sauce, the batter was not too soggy, the chile was cooked well (not crunchy/underdone, not squishy/overcooked) and the cheese oozed out when the chile was cut into.  This dish came with the standard rice and beans, neither of which was remarkable in any way shape or form.Minus two big stars for what they consider guacamole.  It wasn't thick, it had no taste and it seemed as though this vital mexican staple was merely there as a garnish.  No bueno.  If it ain't green, thick and tasty, you better hit the drawing board.Ya feel me?
I dig this place, I really do, but the portions are small. They do make up for it  by packing a straight kick to your man or woman pleaser with zesty flavors. I didn't dig the guacamole-too much salt, but loved, loved, loved the chips that came with it. The place is quite spacious and modern with featured art on the walls. I went for dinner so the lighting was minimal giving the place a sexy, urban feel to it. The kind of lighting that makes you wonder if the people are really this good looking? Or is the lighting really just this good??? The carne asada beef tacos were divine. Really moist and succulent with just enough spice to make your taste buds tingle. Two is hardly enough, so we also tried the fish tacos and well, I could smell the fishiness from across the table which makes me a little uncomfortable. I did try it, though and it was okay. Not too fond of anything that tastes or smells too fishy. Reminds me of unsanitized, dirty, dirty girls. (Haha, had to throw in a visual for you all!)My favorite plate was the ensalada cortada. I loved all the ingredients mixed in together, especially the corn nuts. Genius idea! For drinks, I had the la sangria. Fruity, refreshing, and light tasting. It was really good, but I passed it on to my date in hopes of taking advantage of him later on. Almost worked, but when we got to the normally secluded rooftop @ the Clarendon hotel, they were hosting a social gathering of some sort with lots of people. Damn. Should've drank my sangria. Oh well...another day since I will most definitely be back for some more Gallo Blanco. I can't wait to try their breakfast menu!
My niece and I were having that conversation...where do you want to eat...I don't know where do you want to eat when we drove past the Rocket Burger corner.  I turned around to try it because of good Yelp reviews and my curiosity regarding the variety of Soda Pop.  We both got a large hot pastrami sandwich and soda pop.  The price was reasonable, the food was good and the soda pop made it a nostalgic experience.  I brought home half of my sandwich.  Just reheated it in the microwave and enjoyed it again.  I'll return to try the french dip sandwich on the menu.  P.S.  The meat and secret sauce gave the sandwich a great bite.  It blows away the 'roast beef' sandwich I had last week at Subway that looked like reconstituted meat.
Tried to eat here Friday night for the seafood buffet. We waited in line for 90 minutes before finally giving up. Would have been much sooner but the drive down there from my house is almost an hour. They have three lines, tiered based on the level of player's club card. The diamond card holders waltzed right in and the hostesses would seat from that line until it was empty before anyone from the 'lesser' lines would be seated. At the end, we stood still... didn't move an inch... for 20 minutes. So no-one from our line was seated for 20 minutes while dozens of people waltzed right through in the diamond and platinum lines. What a fucking joke. Waster my whole evening trekking down there dreaming of crab legs just to be snubbed by them.Never, EVER again.
My new favorite Mexican place in Tempe. Love their tacos. Their menu only lists them individually, but feel free to mix and match. I usually go with one camarone and one pescado. The shrimp are small, but there are lots of 'em. And the chunks of fried fish are bigger than the taco itself. Portions are generous - I'd have to skip breakfast to be able to finish more than two. Service is friendly and efficient - easy to get in and out during your lunch hour. Also a great spot for happy hour.
Totally a locals hangout.This very unpretentious wine bar is a favorite.  The owner, Darlene, has a great selection of wines from smaller labels for you to try.  If you're not sure what to get they'll help you find a bottle in your price range.  They've got the cheap stuff all the way to the $80+ range (if you feel like spending some money).You can buy a bottle at retail, open it up at their bar and enjoy it with a nosh.  Lots of smaller appetizers (cheese and crackers, etc).  Or, order by the glass/flight from their bar.Checkout their website before you go.  Or if you live in the area, subscribe to their email newsletter.  There is something different going on every day (live music, tastings, specials, etc.)
Angry Bro Bar !  Please go here if you wear size smedium affliction shirts you will love it. The bar is lame. Kid you not there was not five minutes that went by where two people didn't try and fight each other.
Reasons to Heart: Breakfast All Day, Self-Serve Coffee, Modern Hip Decor, NYT, Cholula, Inter-generational FriendlyReasons You May Dislike: BUTTER PARTY, Small Menu, Awkward Market, Bizarre Combo of Self-Serve/Service that is NOT Apparent, Kid FriendlyReasons to Be Here: Your friends you lost to baby-making Suburbs, IKEA, You are Near the I-10 and Do Not Feel like Sushi, Ace Hardware, You want B-fest after 10:30am on a Weekday, Dad Wants Burger, you Want Organic Local yogurt/parfaitFirst time here with my friend's parents, as we walked up, I noticed an antique wooden bench with multiple kinds of newspapers, including NYT, held down by an old iron and an Open sign with neon on a skateboard. Whoa. What a liberal hip person coding of an entrance if I ever saw one! Inside, a bright modern airy space with concrete floors, exposed ceiling beams, bright green walls and exposed stainless steel industrial kitchen, I was super impressed by the brightness the huge windows gave the place as well as the cutting edge furniture. The menus are charming chalkboard options that have breakfast all day, kid's menu and lunch served after 11am. All priced between $4-$11, alas there are vegetarian options but this is NOT a butter free place. In fact, it is a fucking BUTTER PARTY. So get your LacTaid if you can do it!The slightly hipster staff (the guys look like that dude who played Keats in Bright Star) are amiable at the counter but after ordering my garden veggie sammie I was dismayed to realize they had pastry cases hidden in the counter (you just basically look up the whole time then realize after swiping your debit card your other options). Also the drink menu is awkwardly displayed to the far right of the main menus (um, I would've wanted a soy latte instead of coffee...). After paying at the register, there is the bizarre scramble of figuring out what you have to get yourself.There is a large bevy cooler that has wine, beer, soda, juice, water, etc and was a very healthy selection (not a poor one at all). Awkwardly placed is the water, iced tea and coffee station where people are trying to read the menu before ordering. Most tables are four person tables with two people seating around the windows and large community tables towards the L-shaped back, along with bar/counter seating that views the cooks station. Each time I went I ended up at the same four-person table near the condiment table stocked w/catsup, Sriracha, Cholula hot sauce (oh shit). My first experience I got ginger beer and a veggie sandwich. Now, as a vegetarian for over 12 years, and a lactose-intolerant for over 5 years, my expectations were way low. Instead, I was fucking IMPRESSED. The bread ended up soggy due to the herbs mayonaisse cream dill sauce thing with incredible local roasted veggies with really good bread. OMFG. I mean seriously, I can't remember much of the meal cause my brain went somewhere spiritual. I also got the fresh fruit on the side, and a great deal with fresh berries, grapes, kiwi, etc. I managed to fit it all in my tummy (and felt def. overstuffed-I should've kept 1/2 of it). My companions had the pulled pork sandwich and killed it, the other had pancakes.Today, I woke up and I wanted breakfest. Not Essence, Gallo Blanco, Lux, Wildflower, def. NOT Harlows, I wanted fancy pants American style breakfast I hadn't had a billion times before. Located right off the I-10, it's a fast drive from Tempe, and I didn't know what to expect for a crowd around 10:30 on a Tuesday. Turns out, Tim and I were def. the median age here. Mostly older patrons, couples, families, business deals, co-workers, moms with toddlers (they have plenty of nice high-chairs, btw). I had to get the pancakes ($6) w/fruit ($1) and side of potatoes ($3) and coffee. Tim got the rotassarie chicken with grilled corn and hand cut french fries (I think under $10). Seating was easy, food came out together within 15 minutes. The pancakes were delicate, almost crepe like, with a buttermilk taste but not too cinnamony and a little dry and thin (in a good way-sops up the butter and syrup). The serving of fruit on top was a little small, but all good quality, the potatoes were home-made style with sauted onions, skins still on.  His plate was huge with a grilled corn, the fries still had the skin on, and the chicken looked great and very greasy (which he killed). We had to remember to get our own utensils, napkins, and our own drinks but the staff checked in periodically and after finishing our plates, the dirty dishes sat around for 5 minutes, I believe due to the insane lunch rush that came in! Seriously, the place exploded! I was happy Tim had bought the cookies he eyed earlier so we skidaddled after using the nice, clean bathrooms. Now, eating yummers Blondie cookie and chocolate chip cookies that are greased through the paper bag, I think I will have to ride my bike here to justify the butter party celebration!
More like 3.67 stars, rounding up to 4, but not any more than that which would bump it up to 5. Yet.Let me explain.1) Rose & Crown - The Hours. If it is really meant to be a British pub and a new asset to downtown nightlife, it needs to strongly declare A) YES! WE ARE OPEN! and B) YES! WE ARE OPEN *LATE*! When you're turned away when you excitedly show up at midnight on a Saturday because they decided to close for whatever reason, you're not going to be too excited about trying to go back the next time. What's a British pub doing closing so early? I went out of my way to go here, to experience this new bar and enjoy its offerings, and was sent packing. Meh. So I was surprised when a bunch of Yelpers decided to make it a meetup spot a few weeks later. Well, maybe this time, at 10:30, we'd be more fortunate with it staying open. And we were. Rock on.2) Rose & Crown - The Setting. I gather that the business owners are extremely limited with how much they can change with the house since it's probably a landmark with stringent regulations on how much of the interior can be changed, but since I've eaten at Circa 1900 a number of times before it vacated the premises, walking in here felt exactly the same. Sitting at the EXACT same 4-top table I ate before. The room hadn't changed one iota when it came to layout or furniture. Even the angles the tables were placed at. That was a little odd. The only main changes in the front west room were the giant visages of the Queen and good ol' Winston glaring down at you. In any case, it was kind of hard for me to make the mental transition from "this is a sit-down restaurant" to a "this is going to be your local English pub" when it comes to the indoors. Was it nice? Definitely. It's really nice inside. But pubby? No. That said, the front balcony is a really great location to hang out on, and I can imagine how great it'll be around springtime. But the balcony's more an asset of the great old house itself. 3) Rose & Crown - The offerings. Standard selection of beers, including good ol' English standbys like Newcastle and Boddingtons on tap. Food menu not too big, but I thought the fish & chips looked appetizing, so I ordered those. I was skeptical, but to my surprise, the fish was great, as was their spin on the tartar sauce. Fries were also tasty, but fries are fries, and I'm going to devour them anyway because I was crazy hungry. But all in all, thumbs up on the food.4) Rose & Crown - The service. Was kind of there but more present at the beginning and then invisible near the end when were ready to leave, thus having to go back inside, tell the bar manager what we ordered since he didn't have the bill, and then pay him instead of our server. Kind of odd.So all in all, as I said already, 3.67 stars. I'm definitely willing to go back there and be open to editing my review and increasing its star wattage, but for now, it hasn't completely won me over. Definitely has a lot of promise, with its abundance of Britpop playing and proximity to Bianco, the sporting venues, ASU, etc., but they need to work on being consistently open late before I think about making this one of my definite go-to institutions.
Gross, repulsive, appauling, disgusting, overrated, dirty, should be shut down by the CDC.  You get the jist?
This place is all about the seafood.  Don't roll up to the Fish Market expecting a cool place to hang or a hip crowd.  No problem on the crowd...lots of folks in a pretty basic seafood restaurant, chowing on the best seafood I've had in the valley so far.  The hip is not here.  Not until I showed up with my wife Audrey W to meet Kevin H and Marian H.  You could actually see the coolness spread around the restaurant when we walked in...a subtle ripple, sort of like a gentle wave at a spring training game.So I arrived in Phoenix from Boston and have high standards for seafood.  I had been craving fish & chips for awhile and decided to give Fish Market a try.  I got a combo-fish, scallops and prawns.  The batter was light and not very oily...+1.  The prawns were very tender and done to perfection..+1.  The scallops were tender, sweet and juicy...+1.  The fish was done just right as well although it was not the haddock or even cod I am accustomed to in Boston.Everyone else was pleased with their food as well.  I will be trying other seafood places in the valley but I'll keep Fish Market in mind as a standby.
Conspire is independent, open late, and yummy. Everything I look for in a coffee shop. You'll be a fan if you miss Counter Culture or Willow House.The owner makes a wonderful latte. He steams the milk perfectly, better than most baristas in Phoenix! I just wish he had brewed coffee. Sure, the espresso is good, but it is not a replacement for a thoughtful, well mixed, drip. No, I do not want an americano instead. I want a cup of coffee!
Like Red Robin, Carraba's is my go-to Italian joint that I know I wont be disappointed in.  I love their bread and the yummy oil/herbs that go with it.  I do ask for butter as well, but they always seem to bring out this frozen ball of butter.  I don't get that.The best dish they have is their Pollo Rosa Maria.  It consists of two chicken breasts, stuff with fontina cheese and covered with a huge helping of sauteed mushrooms.  Make sure to get it with fettuccine alfredo.  It's a must!... if you don't like pasta, I dont know what to tel ya.  The combo of the two is a match made in heaven.They have great salads and their own special house dressing.  Heads up on your ranch lovers.  they do not have ranch dressing.As for their deserts, Im not much of a fan until they have their quarterly creme brulet.Good food!
The food was AMAZING...The service was mediocre.The hostess ruined our entire experience.
I thought I disliked brownies, but these are damn good. In fact, every flavor is delicious. I was pleasantly surprised. Holla!
This review is for the bar only.I had a date last week and was looking for a local bar to grab drinks at. I called Cycle on Wednesday and was told they would be open until at least midnight on Friday, and the guy was very nice. Friday arrives, and I take my date there, and when we enter the bar, the bartender makes a gas face and says they are closed for the night. I told her that I called just two days earlier and she just stared at me. No attempt at fixing anything, nada. One drunken patron at the bar yelled to open the bar back up, but I was over it. Well done cycle.
"Honey I Shrunk the Lunch Specials and the Restaurant, too!" is more apropos of a name for Thai Basil. Now don't get me wrong, I like Thai Basil.  The food is decent and the interior is nice, but the tables/diners seem to be squished elbow-to-elbow New York style. Spartan, but slightly upscale, this restaurant ALWAYS seems to have a wait.  The yellow curry here is my favorite with a delicious balance of coconut, spice, carrots chicken and potatoes.  I can't ever seem to get enough, and I really mean that.  The portions here are small, and while lunch portions are expectedly small, portions elsewhere (at Chanpen Thai, for example) are larger and less expensive. Elsewhere the Thai BBQ chicken comes with 1/2 a chicken, but at Thai Basil they give you three lonely strips like cheapos!  The massaman curry and pad thai are pretty good too, but I feel they're just OK.  I've had better.Service is hit or miss here.  One thing that's consistent: they always seem to be understaffed. Once when I was dining alone (at a 4-person table) they had the nerve to ask me to move while in the middle of eating, to a 2-person table. To me, Thai Basil is style over substance.  Not impressed.  Next.
While staying at The Pointe Hilton Tapatio, we decided to eat here for our anniversary dinner. To sum it up, I've had everything better somewhere else. Nothing blew my socks off. Hubby is eating mostly vegetarian right now (due to a health concern), and he did really like his "wild mushroom" rigatoni. We weren't sure what was so "wild" about criminis and portobellos, but the pasta was in a light sauce with plenty of other veggies. His French Onion Soup was better at Capital Grille, my antipasto plate was far better at Craftsteak, and my ribeye was far better at 1130. They did serve a neat wedge of au gratin potatoes- multiple paper thin cheesy slices cut into a triangle. The gins are standard, but Hubby had a nice Bonny Doon Riesling. The free anniversary creme brulee was on the runny side, the vanilla was indiscernible, and the sugar crust was too thick- Ruth's Chris still wins that one in my book. Did I feel dinner was worth $120? Not so much.The service at dinner was great, and it was fine at breakfast. Again, everything was decidedly mediocre and way overpriced. I've had a better Belgian waffle at IHOP, my bacon was limp, and the coffee not what I would expect from the Hilton. Hubby's BLT breakfast bagel was better.Come on, Hilton! Is this the best you can do?
Wanting to purge my guilt for constantly demanding one of my suburban friends to come downtown whenever we go out, I recently dragged another CenPho friend out to suburbia so we could pay him a visit in his homeland for once. San Tan Brewery was our chosen destination.Will I ever come out here again? No, unless guilt once again consumes me.  Would I come back if I lived in Chandler? Sure. (What choice would I have?) The food (an Aegean Stuffed Burger with fries) was good. The beer was even better. The service was annoyingly slow due either to understaffing or inattentiveness. The crowd was large and the place was packed when we arrived around 9:30, but at 11:30 (on a Friday night) it completely cleared out.
A new breakfast option in old town Scottsdale. The decor is superb and the weekend crowd is minimal. Juevos Rancheros and the Skirt Steak & Eggs are both fabulous. Prices for breakfast are reasonable.
Couple things.  First, I am reviewing a Delivery order that I placed.  (If you didn't know that they delivered... Now you do!)You start by looking at their website, which is modest.  It's a black background with White text.  Pretty much all of their food is available for take-out, except for the alcohol.*TIP* Make sure to look at their PDF Menu.  It has TONS of more choices than what is listed on their Website.  I wasn't even aware of this fact until I had ordered my food.At this point, they do not have online ordering set up, so you call and place your order that way.Cornish Pasty's (pronounced Pastie, not Pastey) are amazingly delicious.  They take whatever filling you choose (from the Chicken Alfredo to the Bangers and Mash), and they place it in a thin, crisp dough that surrounds it.  Think of a Calzone, except the Irish version.Now, these are very, very filling.  They are modestly priced (all of them are less than $10), and they are EXTREMELY DELICIOUS.Make sure you give them a try.  I will sure be eating here again!
Simply the best sandwiches I have ever tasted.The Mozarella, Tomato, Basil is perfect. The focaccia bread is perfectly crunchy and slightly salted to the consummate texture.I wish I still worked closer...
Best Thai food for your dollar in the entire valley. I'm no Thai expert, but I have been to at least a dozen here in the valley. Keep in mind - this is NOT a fancy place - just a simple, inexpensive, casual dining experience. WOW!
I've always wanted to go to Rokerij and when my date suggested it last night - I was all for it!  I was NOT disappointed.  We spent our evening downstairs in what I can only describe as "speak-easy" atmosphere reminiscent of my days spent in the DC area.  I loved it.  Decor was spot on with stone walls, a fire place with comfy leather chairs strategically placed in front.  A big bar took up most of the room with some comfy look booths placed around the outskirts of the room. Lots of great details in decorations and design.  Our bartender was friendly and efficient. His suggestions on wine (1/2 price bottle!) and the manhattan we had were spot on.  He checked in with us and was attentive, but not overly so, letting us enjoy each other's company.  We tried 3 of the small plates:  the roasted pepper bruschetta, tenderloin skewers and the bacon wrapped shrimp.  Honestly, I was expecting to be hungry afterwards and was ready to order something else in addition to that, but we held off until we received our food and I'm glad we did. The portions were pretty large and food rich.  Everything tasted great...the bacon and tenderloin were served on long plates that had 3 different sauces...a creamy queso (I think), a spicy red sauce and a green tomatillo-like sauce.  The red and green were really good - the white was a bit bland....but I'm also not a fan of cream sauces, so don't take my word for it.  The bruschetta was more of an italian style bruschetta (bread, peppers layered on top with melted cheese).  Tasted good, but my only complaint would be that it got a little mushy because there was so much topping on it. My date enjoyed it.Overall, a great experience. I can't wait to go back - especially when looking for a laid back, cool atmosphere. And I definitely want to try more of the food!
Newly opened Mexican restaurant tucked away in the Dobson and Germann area.  I would give the place 5 stars for decor, the owner has taken such great effort to make the restaurant look like old Mexico on the inside.The food was good but not great.  I did relish on the tomatillo salsa brought with the red salsa and chips.  The portions were pretty big, no room for dessert and had to request togo boxes.Ordered:Seafood Tacos (great with excellent presentation)Tia's Plato de Carne Asada: Tres Carnes - beef, pork and chicken (huge)Tia Rosa Burro (huge)I will definitely return and review, but overall I did like this place.
Cherry on Top is a rare example of design by market analysis committee, who couldn't decide on a unique concept so they decided to "borrow" from all of their competitors' styles, turning out at least as well as if not better than its individual inspirations.The result provides convenient answers to the following frozen yogurt questions:- Can't decide between tart and traditional? Why not both?- Can't decide between standard or high-end sweet? Mix vanilla, taro, green tea, cheesecake (but only at your own risk.)- Feeling constrained by four fit all sizes? $0.39/oz., cup weight subtracted.- Wavering on the topping healthiness spectrum? Fruit to sugar cereal to nuts to crushed big brand candy available.The quality is close enough to most of the relevant rivals (as long as one is not requiring the desert honey Sweet Republic tart variant) but, correctly and perhaps intentionally, the value proposition is that most patrons won't care about the slight dip, trading off for the flexibility of purchasing (only) as much yogurt and toppings as desired while satisfying Hershey's-acclimated children with a Frankenstein of saccharine flavors and junk toppings as well guests from the city pining for the nearest Pinkberry with original tart plus kiwi, strawberries, blackberries and pineapple.
Adorable bungalow building: CheckQuirky, cute, mismatched thrift-store dishware: CheckDelicious, buttery, flaky croissant breakfast sandwich: CheckSuper friendly staff: CheckI went here for the first time yesterday and thought it was great. My friend and I both ordered the croissant breakfast sandwich which was super delicious and filling. Even though I knew that I'd be full from the sandwich, I couldn't resist snagging a brown butter scone when I saw it was the last one. Definitely made the right decision on that one, I'm a sucker for brown butter anything and the scone didn't disappoint. My friend ordered the Iced Toddy which was really good-- spiced but mellow. I ordered a latte and didn't like it quite as much. The owner was super friendly and remembered my name for the 1.5+ hrs. my friend and I lingered in the shop. He even gave me a (delicious) orange-zest filled strawberry muffin on the way out! If I didn't live so far away, I would be here all the time. As it is, I'll definitely be back soon.
Oh Man. This is not the place I imagined I would assign my first 2-star rating. I woke up as sad and disappointed as I felt last night, leaving the legendary, old school Durant's after an evening of less than mediocre food and terrible service. Sigh.Honey had a great lunch there a few months back and was excited to impress me with dinner. We saw Durant's listed on Restaurant week and were excited for the excuse to squeeze into one of their comfy booths amidst the bow-tie clad staff and velvet wallpaper. The instant time travel type setting usually makes for an incredible dining experience. Shall I fault the poor rating to their efforts at succumbing to a prix-fixe menu? Perhaps.Our time at the bar proved to be the best part of the night. Watching the bartender mix the martini's the way my Pops used to was nostalgia at its best. I LOVED that they serve bottles of beer with a toothpick of meat and cheese. That is brilliant. It could transform me into a beer drinker after all. We met up with friends and continued on to the dinner portion of the evening.Moving on to the booth, our waitress was definitely in the weeds. Having been in her shoes before, I always try and accommodate the situation. We ordered an appetizer and a few cocktails and waited to order dinner when she seemed able. Appetizer of artichoke dip was yummy. Tortillas and garlic bread and warm, cheesy dip delivered promise.The limited menu was just that. Okay first course salad/soup options. Main course offered Pot roast, a small steak or chicken fried steak. Stewed steak, grilled steak or fried steak. Really? Your menu is impressive...if you really don't want to participate in Restaurant week, then don't. Honey ordered the chicken fried steak as a continuation of the old school vibe. I ordered the trout off the regular menu after C pointed out the fish option. J ordered the cfs too. Food took a bit, but we had good conversation flowing, so it wasn't a problem. Salads and soup were fine. Main course arrived and we were all a bit surprised by the size of the fried steak. I guess when you think of this meal from the past, it encompasses half the plate and is oozing with country gravy. This steak was the size of a burger and had a dollop of thick gravy-esque goo on the top. Garlic mashers were appropriately placed. My trout was supposed to be topped with a lemon caper sauce but instead it was slathered with a gravy that hinted at lemon and was all wrong for a fish. The trout was pain-fried and should there have been a light sauce, it would have been good. But the fried fish with the gravy was just so not good. The fried steak too, so not good. Mashers achieved an appropriate level of goodness, but you really don't want mashed potatoes to lead your dinner. We were devastated. The whole experience was so not what we came for or expected. I do want to give Durant's another chance and order a big, juicy steak and let them wow me like they do to so many, but it will be a while before our trek downtown includes a walk through their kitchen.
Long waits and teenage workers with bad attitudes...nuff' said.
I LOVE THIS PLACE I JUST CAN'T NOT GET ENOUGH OF NCOUNTER!the vibe is young clean and fresh. the good is so delish.. I keep telling all my friends to go here for brunch (:
i too came because of a living social deal, as it turned out it really didn't save us any money. the buffet is odd. lots of different kinds of food. onion rings, fries, chicken nuggets with baked cheese eggplant, stuffed grape leaves, hummus. i sampled a bit of everything.i liked the soup, very nice, i couldn't identify the spice, i don't know anything about mediterranean food. but i know what i like. i like 3 different olive dominated dishes, i wish i could cook eggplant that kept it shape this well. i liked the hot pita bread. i loved salad with big chucks of feta cheese. there where several tasty chicken dishes that were excellently seasoned with big chucks of flavorful chicken.the american staples, probably for the kids and unadventuresome guests was bland and a bit dry, expected for a buffet, where the food sits out under lights.advice:group the foods by origin, not by meat, vegies, salad.make up a route down one side of the serving table, greek, turkish, Lebanese. make it a learning experience, tell us which dishes use olives, what kinds of spices.if you want people to come back teach them a little bit about the food, share the culture, don't mix chickem mcnuggets with a tasty pulled chicken dish just because they both have chicken in them. tell me why this is good food, help me learn something the cook knows about his homeland.so i walk down one side and get a greek-turkish meal. the other side is another culture, then one side for the bland american food. as is everything was mixed up.now, i'm going back again. with my laptop and a notepad, and hungry. i'm going to taste each dish by label- if i don't know what it is, i'm going to sit down and google it. i'm going to learn where it's from and what spices are in it. i'm going to make my own learning experience. if the owners sit down with me and explain how their food expresses their culture, i'll rate it 5 stars next time.it's a family business, it's a huge building, it has a good talented cook(s) somewhere in the kitchen, it is good tasting food. it needs to be displayed and presented differently. it wasn't busy, a shame, industrialized food is always bland and busy.now, if you grew up with these dishes, you can leave a review about their tastiness and authenticity. that would help.
Been here a few times now so it's time for the review.  Walked up to the hostess on a Saturday night and she asked if we had reservations, I said "no" because I didn't think this place was like that but then spending some time here it kinda makes sense, or Sens. Haha.So one time ended up getting 6 (maybe a few more but the beers were going down pretty easy that night) different items.  Each one well thought out and fun to eat.  Yes, I said fun. One was cooked by us on a hot rock, and the others made us investigate each tasty bite.Yup, the portions are small, but they're darn good vittles I tell ya.  Oh yeah, and they have a DJ so they get a few extra hipster points.
After hearing good things about the Scottsdale location, I was looking forward to lunch at Arcadia Farms when visiting the museum for the Ansel Adams showing.  Unfortunately, it was a little disappointing.Service was painfully slow.  I'm not sure if that was the kitchen or the server, but in either case, I was not impressed.We started with the baked goat cheese.  For some reason, I envisioned the caramelized onions and roasted tomatoes atop the cheese, but everything was combined.  While it was quite good, only the bottom portion was hot.  The rest of it was only lukewarm.  I wondered if perhaps the dish is prepared ahead and refrigerated, resulting in the uneven temperature.We also shared the smoked turkey and warm brie sandwich with white bean salad.  They generously served each of us a full side of the salad with our half sandwich, which was more than enough.  Although the sandwich had just been grilled, the inside was still somewhat cold.  I also would have preferred just a little more apple, but overall, it was A-OK.The white bean salad with red peppers and possibly cucumber if I remember correctly was sorely lacking in flavor.  Salt helped, but not enough to save the dish.  If it was dressed with anything other than oil, I missed it.  Arcadia is just fine if you're already at the museum and looking for a bite.  Otherwise, I don't know that I would return.
I've decided to completely write this place off, and here is why you should too:THREE TIMES I have tried to go here and they have been closed, all the while their website and posted hours say they should be open. If one of you wants to drive all the way here from the suburbs, you'd better call first because this place cannot be trusted. I've wasted my time and spent hungry minutes walking here only to be disappointed. Vitamin T will fail, there I said it.
Fajitas is one of those places where you may go for an occasional, unmemorable lunch. Nothing is gross. Nothing is exceptional. Everything is just, well, there. I've tried different variations of the fajitas theme over several lunches (chicken, steak, veggie, etc.) and they were all ok. Not a big fan of their tortillas, though.If you work anywhere near there, then I'd say go ahead. It's a safe bet for lunch. You won't puke or curse the world. But is it a joint where I'm saying, "Dude, you GOTTA try this place out"? Nah. You've had better fajitas elsewhere...3 Stars.
I am with some of the others in not understanding these poor reviews. I am from Rhode Island and Italian food is at our fingertips, and in Arizona, there are few and far between authentic non chain Italian restaurants. I feel that although ambiance is important, I didn't see anything wrong with Lo Cascio's. There were no cheesy paper protectors over a linen table cloth, and there were no paper place mats with several business names, so not sure what the issue was there. And as far as the music....I would be annoyed too if I had to work there every night, but again, it only added to the atmosphere. In my opinion, some of the best Italian food does not come with yuppie atmosphere.  For the appetizer we had the fried mozzarella which my husband and I enjoyed very much. The marinara poured over it was on the chunkier side and I loved it because it tasted just like a sauce an old Italian friend of mine made. It was perfect. I had eggplant parmesan for my entree, and it tasted just like NYC Italian. The eggplant didn't have the shit fried out of it, and it had the finest light coating just the way I love my favorite dish. And my husband had veal milanese which was out of this world. It was in a sauce of lemon and wine, mushrooms and artichokes.  I also want to mention, we had the most Attentive waitress that I have ever had. Her name is Katie, and she was very sweet always asking us after each course if we needed anything and how everything tasted.  We will definitely be back here, we live down the road now in our new home and I am very happy there is a great little Italian restaurant nearby. I am also happy I didn't let the negative reviews scare me.
All I needed to complete my delicious meal here was a good Cuban cigar and some brandy!We had the Papa Rellena for an appetizer... very very good. Its a beef filled potato cake with a cilantro lime sauce.For entrees my wife and I shared two dishes... the Ropa Viejas (shredded beef brisket in a tomato wine sauce) and the Gallina Frita (crispy fried shredded chicken, onions, in a mojo garlic lime sauce....amazing!Both dishes were large...with tons of meat.Great service and really good mojitos make for a nice evening out at the Havana Cafe.For dessert we indulged on the "Best Of Phoenix" (Phoenix New Times) Caramel Flan.... OMG!!!! And the coffee was yummy too! We also found a 15% coupon in DineInAz.com.... saved us almost $7!As the sign over the door says... "Cha Cha Cha!"
Oh boy.. I usually LOVE LOVE Mucho Gusto.. but NO ME GUSTA today!We got a to go order, perhaps that was mistake numero uno.  I got the nachos.. really, you can't mess those up... Or so I thouhgt! I mean Filiberto's would have been a better choice!  Can you say cold soggy mess.. maybe that was my fault. I will accept the blame. I really should have known better. Mistake numero dos... What do you call Shrimp Cocktail with out the shrimp?? Bad Service! Lack of quality control....Really.. Really? You forgot the shimp? How do you do that.... Better question WHO DOES THAT?Mistake numero tres...lemme just say burned tasting chips (as opposed to my soggy nacho chips) and left an acrid taste in ones mouth and the most offending guacamole that I have ever had. Let me just say that my co worker and I eat here frequently enough that we can order for each other. We also know to order our guacamole with out the Grand Marnier galze thingy on top.  Mucho Gusto you mucho FAILED me today.  I hate leaving a bad review without first compaining to management so expect a phone call from me shortly.
I'm giving this one a 4 because I first ate at (and found out about) Lucilles at the Vegas location.  Over there it was spectacular - here its just amazing.  They give you so much food its unreal.  You can try anything BBQ you want or ever dreamed of.  You get these amazing biscuits with this butter stuff that is just like candy before the meal, and almost get full just with these.SO MUCH FOOD, go hungry and get ready to be amazed.  Some of the better BBQ in the area.  I look forward anytime I have the opportunity to visit a Lucilles.  Just can't wait till I go visit the Vegas one again!
Wow! Food was great! But the service was even better!!! We got there early so we didn't have to wait a long time.  Their computer system was down, so instead of asking for cash or taking our card numbers, they comped out lunch. So impressed with this place! And such a cool vibe!
Probably more worthy of 3.5 stars.  Damn the Yelp constraints!  Marketplace was pretty busy tonight now that you can actually go out in the evening without a gentle breeze feeling more like a blow torch in your face.  In spite of that, our wait to be seated was fairly quick.  But where was our server?  Outside listening to the band?  We need liquid refreshment!Finally our server arrived and apologized for the wait at the same time the manager arrived and also apologized and comped us an appetizer.  Wow!  We hadn't even complained.  We had the hummus which was very tasty but a little thin and a mango tandoori chicken pizza.  Nice combination of sweet mango, spicy curry sauce, and the grilled chicken.  Service was excellent once we got over the initial bump.While I usually don't plan to go to CPK, it's nice to know this one is there.
Update: they added a gorgeous new countertop (sans coffee wobbling mosiacs) and (ta-da!) a glass enclosed bakery display case! My friend Jefferson can now order his pastries with confidence.
The newly branded Red Dragon Chinese & Mexican Food is a shiny new facade on an old favorite.  (pics of new sign, and old sign by dumpster)Formerly known as Daily Buffet,  http://www.yelp.com/biz/daily-buffet-phoenix#hrid:3-lmRTZ9YDgPxf6I2WGfHA  they offer an extensive menu.  Whatever investment they're making in this new branding, their menu certainly looks impressive.(pic)Their buffet is quite well-stocked for it's small size.Whether you prefer Chinese or Spanish fried rice, they have it.  Have a few picky kids that can't decide between Honey Sesame chicken and Cheese Enchiladas?  They've got you covered.The Mexican buffet table offers rice, beans, enchiladas, taquitos, and other rotating entrees such as marinated pork ribs or a scrumptious chicken mole, if you're lucky that day.The Chinese area includes lots of chicken and pork options, noodles, egg foo young, etc  --  standard americhino fare.  The pork ribs were very good, if a little chewy, and the sweet & sour pork was done in the style I prefer: Instead of breaded, dry peices that you put your own sauce on, or soupy watery liquid with floating veggies and meat, this had mostly meat, maybe a few carrot and onion peices, with a crispy outside covered in thick, gooey, sticky sauce, that itself got a little crispy.  (it almost starts to remind me of a candy apple when it gets like this, which I'm sure the taste buds love, but the teeth hate!)All is prepared well, hot, not too salty or greasy, and well replenished.Discard Pile is usually present, but also usually small.There were some hand-breaded onion rings that were super thick!  This thing was the size of a small donut in my hand! (pic) They have a perfectly crisped outside, with an inside akin to a hushpuppy or donut.Mmmm, "donionuts"....The salad bar area left a little to be desired, and there wasn't really a salsa to dip my taquitos in.  I made a nice little concoction of ketchup, pico de gallo, and sriracha sauce which suited the task way better than I could have ever thought.Jello squares are the only real dessert option, but if you haven't stuffed yourself full of this yummy indulgent food by that point, you really don't belong in a boofay now, do you?
There's no doubt about it, both Mamma Mia locations deliver some great pizza on the cheap. This Mamma Mia is now the closer of the two to my house, and at first I was a little worried. I wasn't sure if both locations were going to be good, but I'm not worried anymore.Whenever I go there, I get slices. I also usually only spend about $6. To me, that's awesome when I'm craving some pizza pie. By the way, Mamma Mia serves good ol' fashoined NY-style pizza. Their toppings range from traditional (roni, sausage, veggies) to fancy (salmon, bleu cheese, capers). I have been known to order capers on my slices (and they were actually really good). Normally I ask for the slices well done, and I'd recommend you do the same if you like that extra bit of crispiness like me. The slices come out relatively quickly, and I've never been dissatisfied with what I've been given.I've yet to try their sandwiches or pastas, but in time I'm sure I'll get around to it. At $6 or less a pop, I feel like I've got a good thing going. If I'm in the mood for pizza and I don't feel like traveling far or spending much, Mamma Mia is towards the top of my list.
I don't think I have ever been to a restaurant where I have treated so poorly by the wait staff. I'm actually rethinking my Green rating because I sincerely think this is my worst restaurant experience.The one good thing I can write is that this place is really cute and it has an inviting patio. Lots of string lights and cute bistro tables. I really thought I was in for a great evening. Oh how wrong I was.My friend and I walked in and the hostess immediately sat us at a four top right in front of the door. Unless the restaurant is packed and the drafty table in front of the door is the last spot available, I do not want to sit in a place where incoming guests will constantly bump into my chair. I pointed to a seat in the back and after trying to convince me I didn't want *that* table, the hostess led us to the back. It's not the worst thing that could ever happen and that instance did not ruin my evening, it was just weird.We sat and were greeted by our waitress, who initially seemed very nice. We both ordered water to start and I asked her for a drink menu. Apparently the drink menu is on the back of the regular menu. It's just so small that I missed it the first time. She told me that Friday night is the $4 frozen house margarita night, so I went with her suggestion. By the time I finish pulling out my ID, my dining partner was ready to order. We got a queso appetizer, the vegetarian tacos with a side salad, and the machaca plate.While we waited, a few more groups came in, were greeted, and received their adult beverages. It had been ten minutes since I ordered my drink, so I tried to look for our waitress. She finally popped up five minutes later, but avoided all eye contact with our table. When she did see me, she quickly ran outside. I understand she might have had a few tables outside, but why have an inside section to wait as well? The table right next to us had an amazing server who brought them two orders of drinks in the time it took to get my water glass refilled. (Margarita was still MIA at this point.)Then, the queso came out, brought by two hipsters. It looked like an over-microwaved styrofoam plate in a skillet and tasted just as bad. My friend tried to make the best out of the situation, but I was ready to call the manager. I really, really regret that I did not. Nasty queso juice dripped all over the table and there was no silverware or napkins to be found. AND no wait persons or a hostess to ask for said items. (Twenty minutes after I ordered my margarita, it was still MIA.)Our waitress finally popped up and asked how the appetizer was. My friend cut me off and said it was different, but okay. He took rare this opportunity to ask for silverware. The waitress made an excuse that it should have been on the table already and went to grab some.  When she came back, I asked about my drink.With another lame excuse that could have been avoided if she ever check on us in the then-thirty minute absence, she finally brought me my drink. It was OKAY, not worth $4... more like $2-3. Two seconds later, the food came out. At least we had silverware?1) My veggie tacos and side salad were okay. Is it bad that the BEST part of meal was the white, iceberg lettuce salad?2) My friend's machaca was bone dry. Isn't machaca supposed to be tender, rehydrated, and edible? All in all, the salsa was the best part of the meal. Yet, one cannot enjoy a dining experience on salsa alone. This was sincerely my worst experience at a restaurant and I will not go back to Mucho Gusto.
We just moved from Florida and I was looking for a Restaurant with great food, service and a great view to celebrate my husbands 61st Birthday on Friday. It was suggested by a friend to try A Different Point of View... We are so glad we did... Let start by saying the drive up the cliffs to the restaurant was an adventure my Kia wasn't happy about but we made it.. AMAZING views... Greeted by a valet who had plenty of energy and was very informative. We picked the elevator to go to the 4th floor as opposed to the stairs... We were seated in a corner window table with views beyond belief! Greeted by our server , Larry, he wished my husband Happy Birthday and brought a passion fruit drink that was delish compliments of the Chef! Nice touch... Ask for Larry if you go.. he was right in tune with our special requests... We ordered their Signature Salad and I said we would share it... Larry had the kitchen serve it as a split.. Larry made the dinner and celebration very Special. My husband ordered the Rib Eye but my husband doesn't like any thing on his rib eye and doesn't like anything else on his plate with the meat.. Larry must hears this all the time and he explained exactly how it will be plated and assured him that no sauce or veggies would touch the meat. See pictures to see our meals. I held my breath until the plates came out and my Husband loved it- it was perfect. He ordered it medium rare and it came out perfectly cooked and full of flavor and it cut like butter. I ordered the Pork Tenderloin and it was tender and full of flavor the corn cakes were like little polenta pancakes they were delishish... The bread and the specialty butter and pesto and goat cheese dips were also full of flavor... The dessert was a Chocolate Espresso cake also very good. The sun was setting and the lights were twinkling-- Just a wonderful experience.. I can't wait to go back when it's a little cooler to sit outside...Don't miss this wonderful casual affordable piece of Heaven!
I like the Thai Hut because it is safe Thai eating. They have some of the more adventurous authentic Thai, and then they have what I ALWAYS get - The Garden Delight with beef. Just basically vegetables and beef cooked in a marinade. They always have plenty of servers on hand and I've never been disappointed. There's just some little sparkle that it seems to be missing.I struggled between giving it a 3 or a 4, but I settled on a 3 because they could definitely improve the atmosphere a little bit and parking sucks. They are really close to the light rail now though, just get off at McDowell/Central and walk one block east on McDowell.
Had a bad day yesterday and decided my health-conscious lunch would *not* cut it as far as getting me through my work day. I've always loved VSC & have had their menu at my desk but I hadn't been in a while. Put an order together w/ some co workers & called. I was read to go pick it up, but then they told me THEY DELIVER! I don't believe they did the last time I'd been there. Went out on a limb & tried the Dead Head wrap - soooo good and WELL worth the price b/c it's huge. I almost took off a star b/c their pasta salad is NOT what it used to be. I don't know if they changed it or if they are just inconsistent in making it, but it was kind of embarrassing that I'd told my coworkers how awesome it was just to have it come out not so great.
This reminds me nothing of the cafes I ate at while in Paris. Sadly, however, I wasn't in France, but Texas. Yes, Paris, Texas. My car broke down. I believe I had a cowboy omelet and a large ice tea while waiting for the repair. Here, at Zinc Bistro, I pretend I'm Paris, France. A glass of Burgundy with the French onion soup and some pomme frittes and I say WEE WEE! I've had good service here. Although I've seen larger tables having issues with flagging servers down. It's like they can't rememeber to ask for everything at once and the servers is doing some serious wind sprints from the kitchen to the table. The manager is way cool and always remembers me. I do love the bistro style atmosphere here and love hearing other peoples conversations when I dine a lone. I know. Shameful. But one couple was actually signing their divorce papers over a steak and a bottle of champagne.
I suppose you could just put me in the "box" with "Luis T" on 3.20.10...because if i didnt know any better, his could have been my entry.. So i was here this week.  Let me start by saying i have been giving Los Dos Molinos my  business for almost 20 years now, and each year that goes by i find myself saying that i am going to cease my patronage.  I will save the stories from the recent years and why i've been feeling this way, and give you just the specifics from my most recent visit:  If you want to make the rule that there are "No Split Checks" then can you AT THE VERY LEAST get with the current times and make the bill somewhat decipherable?  We had a large party, and were quite promptly advised there were no split checks, yet at the end of the night we were left with a ribbon of calculator tape with ONLY prices, and no correlation with actual menu items...so we had to cross reference the menu to figure out what the heck all the itemizations correlated to.   And by the end of it, we pretty much gave up and just guessed at what each person should contribute because the receipt may have just as well been in morse code.  Ok, im getting ahead of myself..Its one thing if you have subpar service and the restaurant is slammed, understaffed, there is a MLB baseball game or NBA basketball game, or concert going on...This was not the case.  We were the ONLY table inside the restaurant and the service absolutely sucked.  How many times must one flag down the server for (take your pick) A;  refill on chips B: refill on ice water and C:(most importantly since the drinks are marked up 300%) a FRESH DRINK!!! Oh yes and D: Check please.  We had to look over our shoulders for A , B, C, and D.  When our table collectively decided the service was ridiculous we decided the tip would reflect that, and then we realized an 18% gratuity was included...well no wonder.  When that is the case, there is NO incentive for decent service!! We brought several items to the attention of the bald headed caucasian man who may have been a manager of some sort but his severe lack of customer service skills merely resulted in him stating in a childish voice "They are complaining about the service" to an audience that didnt exist.  Damn right! and damn right we will take our business elsewhere.  Grandma Chavez is rolling in her grave! you should be ashamed!
Wow...  I regress into some sort of '90s Valley Girl stereotype when chirping in delight over how good Switch is! How I was missing  a review for a Short List restaurant that I recommend to ev-er-yyyyy one I meet who is new to Phoenix and even remotely cool!?Switch is reliably good food served in a reliably good atmosphere by reliably good servers. The combination of service, setting and grub makes Switch a go-to for affordable dining that has appeal for a wide variety of people. If I think that someone might be too uptight or too culinarily 'safe' to really enjoy Fez I know that I can take them to Switch, they can hone in on comfort food basics and I will still have an enjoyably awesome dining experience myself because all the basics are done with love, care and actual effort. I think I prefer Switch's menu to Fez's because of the combination of classic choices mixed in with flavor play and more diverse fare. And we end up at Switch a lot because they have awesome outdoor loungey space which works for friends who are smokers and for a quieter, more intimate chic and cool dinner-drinks and gossip night. It's really a gift to have this place in Downtown and a real gem in the Valley overall.We have on occasion had our asses kicked by the bar, specifically by the Drunken Italian Sodas which are so very, very good!
So. . . I think the name is very misleading. I have thought about stopping in before, but I also thought this place was a deli counter with the usual sandwiches and a little ice cream. I would have been surprised.  My sister talked me into trying it out for a quick bite before our Thursday night class.  This place is like a neighborhood pub should be.  The wood bar is warm and inviting. The Side Door is small - very small.  Even though this is obviously a neighborhood joint, we didn't feel uncomfortable grabbing a table. For every 70-something that was at a table, there was  a 20-something at the bar.The food was not amazing but it was decent and reasonably priced.  We split a Greek salad and a roasted veggie pizza.  The veggies were great, the crust, nothing to write home about, but could repeat.  I want to come back and try some of the sandwiches.  Somehow I have a feeling the Italian beef would be a hit. . .
Kind of surprised myself, but I have to give them a five.  Let's begin with the drink was excellent.  I had some kind of pom martini that was one of the best I've had in a while.  I ordered the sirloin steak cobb salad.  My salad arrived two minutes after the people I was eating with, and it was taken off the bill....they also brought us a free dessert and apologized...really?  That's good service.  They may have even gone overboard, but I didn't complain.  The food itself was excellent.  I loved my salad, and it was a nice size portion.  All in all, a great experience.
Let's talk about failure, baby.Hey, if your idea of salad is punishment via tasteless lettuce and mealy tomatoes splashed with the most generic, industrial vinaigrette, you've found just the right place to BDSM your tongue. Go for it!I ordered Capellini Checca, and I had it substituted with Spaghetti (I like more girth re: pasta).  What I got was the limpest pile of spaghetti that couldn't be revived with a lifetime supply of Viagra.  The DOA pasta was topped with a pathetic sprinkling of more mealy tomatoes (the menu says Fresh Roma Tomatoes- these had the texture and taste of a dying horse's ass moreso than fresh produce).  The faint, acrid garlic tasted like it came out of a shaker bottle and not a bulb- and motherf*&k, respectable Checca should have more than 1/16 teaspoon of microscopically chopped basil.  This place makes Old Spaghetti Factory look like fine dining, and I would rather starve than be even close to that chain restaurant of culinary doom.  Hell, this place is the  disowned, cracked-out junkie brother of OSF. It's really *that* terrible.I gave them the single star only because the management was incredibly lovely, and did not charge for the unforgivable disaster masquerading as edible food worth paying for.
OK, let's face it: there are better steaks in the Valley. As a matter of fact, if you just took the steak at face value, it might not even crack the top 5. But Durant's is not just about the steak, or even the food. Durant's is a classic in every sense of the word, the type of place that can rarely be found anywhwere in Phoenix. It's also a lively and classy night spot, something that didn't exist anywhere in downtown Phoenix for years, and as several new places have developed around Durant's overe the past few years, it has remained consistent and cool. And that's what Durnat's is really about. Yeah, the steak is pretty good. The seafood's alright. The bread with the hot garlic butter is awesome. But Durant's is just COOL. It's classic Vegas, Rat Pack-style cool, and you feel it from the moment you walk in.
After checking into our lovely suite at the Montelucia my hubby said he was in the mood for some chips, guac and a margarita. I think he had mistaken Scottsdale for Mexico and unfortunately the restaurant at The Montelucia (Prado) had none of the above. Instead we enjoyed a glass of wine (Riesling for me), a bowl of gazpacho and shared the snapper ceviche.  Service was a bit on the slow side, but the tasty food made up for it...We ended up back at Prado the next morning for breakfast- we were quite starving after hiking Camelback (or part of Camelback).  I was a bit disappointed with their breakfast menu. They had very few things to choose from besides the $25 breakfast buffet. I wasn't in a buffet kind of mood, but it didn't seem like we had a choice. However, I seemed to get the most out of my $25 after stuffing my face with an omlette, mini breakfast burrito, fruit, yogurt parfait, etc.  Our waiter did a bit of a disappearing act, but fortunately we didn't need him much for the buffet.They do have some good food, but they could use some more options...and better service.
I am a sucker for a theme restaurant. I have been wanting to visit this place for a while because of their whole gimmick. When you arrive a nurse checks you in, gives you a hospital wrist band, and dresses you in a hospital gown. Seriously, I love a gimmick more than the next person but the Heart Attack Grill is 100% gimmick and only 60% good food. The menu consists of burgers which vary only in the number of patties, french fries fried in lard, shakes, pure sugar coke, and PBR. They have a strict no sharing policy which completely bummed us out because we wanted to order the huge 20 patty burger and split it 3 ways. We ordered 2 single bypass burgers (one of our trio boycotted the burger because of the no sharing policy,) all you can eat lard fries, a vanilla shake, full sugar coke and a PBR. The burgers were ordinary, the fries were ordinary, and the service (aside from being dressed as naughty nurses) was ordinary. The only win was the delicious butterfat filled vanilla shake. The bill came to around $30, which is a bit pricey because remember only two of us actually had food. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I get it. It is a gimmick. Heart attack, fat, lard, waitresses dressed as nurses, cook dressed as doctors, sugar, beer...whatever. It gets old pretty fast.
I have heard great things about this place and I had purchased one of those online deals to try it out.  I was not disappointed.  The only reason, I didn't give it 5 stars was because I was freezing.  But I had a small chocolate milkshake and the special of the day, philly cheesesteak.  My husband had a cheeseburger slider, chili cheese dog, and french fries.  We really liked the food.  If you want the sliders, make sure you order at least 3, I would say, because they're kind of small.My husband is from Illinois, so walking into Chicago Hamburger Co, was amazing.  There is so much chicago decor, it's ridiculous, but since I've only been to chicago once, I liked reading all the signs and seeing pictures of former Bears players.  We will most defiinitely return.
I liked the concept. Staff was very nice. Food tasted like it was warmed up in a microwave and cold on top and warm on the bottom. After we watched our  movie we wanted to purchase tickets a week in advance for another movie. We went to customer service and asked them if they knew if TinTin would be playing on Weds. (we were there Saturday night). They told us they did not know and we would have to check on Weds. Whaaat? They don't know what movies are playing the following week? I was ticked off... their website is no better. It is confusing and hard to order tickets. I searched for tickets for tomorrow and it says showtimes not available. Sure seems like they don't want anybody to come see any movies. After spending $100 for food and movie I think I will try a different place.
First of all, if you go here, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make sure you check your bill when it comes!  honestly.  We went here 3 times.  all 3 times we were over charged....  either the menu's were out of date, or we were "past happy hour time" (BS)... oh and the other excuse... we just changed our menu.  blah blah blah  Pthen they always have to "get a manager" to come to the table, which takes forever!  (I am sure they hope we leave)  PLUS! THE SERVICE SUCKS ASS!!!!  this is a definitely bait and switch!1st time it happened we just dealt with it, and was like, whatever...2nd time it happened, my daughter who just got back from deployment (Navy) wanted to do something special for us and took us all there.  My husband looked at the check and noticed it wasy CRAZY over what we thought as we were there for happy hour.  The waitress had to get the manager which took over 20 minutes, (gimme a break)  finally we took a 30 dollar gift card because we were so sick of 'arguing about it.  We discussed it about 20 minutes and we were finally like, whatever...3rd time...  took a friend there.  again we ordered devils ale.  on the menu it was listed at one price... when we got the bill, it was almost twice as much.  We waited for our server to come back, she never did, she totally ignored us.  I gave her a dollar tip (which is NOT like me, i tip very well, too well)  and I wrote on the recept why she got such little money as a tip.  If you are looking for a fun time go caddy corner to San Filepe's  that place is fun and the staff are friendly and fun.  We much prefer there, we wll never go to Caddilac Ranch again.  They say 3rd time is a charm, Well, it is... its a charm to know you are overspending and its a big gimmick and they dont give a crap!oh and if i didn't have to give a star, i wouldn't have.
Yummy!Worth the wait. Yes, it is all the hype so get a drink, enjoy the scenery and munch on some fabulous pizza. Not one thing I wouldn't order. Have fun and have a slice for me!
I've only been to Postino's twice, both times for breakfast. And both times, I ordered the same thing: french toast. I'm not a big french toast kind of guy, but I absolutely loved them both times, and I look forward to the next brunch opportunity there. Might want to get here early though - we arrived at 9:30 on a Sunday and there were only a couple of tables still open. By 10am, there was a significant line.
Introduced to D'lish today by a friend. I'd already had breakfast (although the menu looks great, lots of delicious sounding, healthy options) but he suggested a Chai coffee. I don't usually like Chai Tea, but I thought I'd give the Chai coffee a chance based on his recommendation.When I ordered, the server suggested a "Sexy Dirty Chai", which as lurid as it sounds means adding vanilla. The Sexy Dirty Chai Coffee over ice is hands down now my favorite coffee drink. The place is tiny, has a really cool, funky interior and also has a drive thru- a true local gem. The service is friendly and energetic and I plan to start my day here again soon :)
It is almost impossible to find a great sandwich shop that actually has good grinders and sandwiches.  Well my search is over.  I stumbled across this little shop and felt right at home in New England.  Being from Connecticut, I was so excited to see all the great food on the menu.  I had the Vermonter and it was bliss at every bite.  The owners are extremely friendly and you can tell that they want you to be very happy with their food and service.  Great food and great service, you will not be dissapointed....
The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market is the bantam weight of farmer's market's in the valley.  "Weighing in at 113 pounds, in this corner of the valley we have MILL mill AVENUE avenue FARMER'S farmer's MARKET market!  Let's get ready to haggle!!"When we arrived around 9:45 am there were about 8 stalls, one with produce.Diminutive comes to mind.  "The Mill Ave. Farmer's Market was reported to be rather diminutive, with only a smattering of stalls and little produce to be found."Petite.  The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market would need a little padding to run with the college girls, know what I'm saying?Pee Wee.  The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market had a very good game today at the Kiwanis Rec Center and is now celebrating over Gatorade and granola bars in the picnic area.You get the idea.  We left to get some coffee and returned about a half hour later to find 3-4 more vendors.  There was a honey vendor, hummus, cookies, produce, a couple sandwich places, flowers...and the one place with produce.I'll give it some time as they are new.  I'm hoping in a month or so they will have a better turnout of vendors.
5 words....HAPPY HOUR ON A SATURDAY!!!Yes, every day actually! from 3-7pm and a late night happy hour too starting at 10pm!! How can that be true??? Well I guess in Arizona they know how to party! $11 pitchers and $3 pints, yes it could be a little cheaper, but hey it is a happy hour every day of the week! And their beer is really good! AND they will give you FREE samples of all of their beer too!!! This is like brewery heaven!!!To top it off, a group of people came here in Crank or Drank shirts on their first ever biking and drinking tours and this was on their tour for good reason! Their Hefe is awesome, complete with lemon wedges of course, and their Sunbru was so so refreshing on that hot day in AZ! Adriana and I definitely had our fair share of pitchers, along with an order of their beer battered fries and their specialty ice cream cake! Well, that was actually roopas, and just an FYI, oreo crumb crust and Hefe don't really mix......so save the cake for when you are done drinking ha haBut the waiters here (the ones that don't look like they are 15!!!!!) are helpful and friendly and nice, and you will definitely get carded here, even though literally I actually felt old here since all the girls look so young! Some of them must have had workers permits I swear!That aside, as long as they can bring me good beer on happy hour prices, I am sold.
Tucked away on a side street off a main drag, we found Mosaic. Surprisingly fancy and expensive, with an elegant feel, almost like it's your parents kind of dining experience.Loved the different options for the tasting menus. Focus on seafood and meats. My husband loved the 'What the Foie??' appetizer which had excellent presentation. My sea scallop appetizer had a monstrous scallop that could have easily fed a family of four.Feeling fishy that night, my better half's halibut was surprisingly salty with a heavy sauce. My steak was good, but nothing special..in fact I was disappointed I'd gotten it. Extensive wine selection, Dutch cheese plate and chocolate hazelnut custard for dessert. Overall, a pleasurable meal with wonferul service and presentation, but for the price, they could really up the quality of the food. We had a dinner elsewhere a few nights later for the same cost that was much tastier from a food perspective.
I've now tried Thai Elephant three times.  My first two experiences were solidly mediocre -- nothing was awful, but aside from one delicious dessert (black sticky rice with pumpkin custard), nothing stood out, either.  As a recent Bay Area transplant, I admit to being a bit picky, but in my 6 months in Phoenix, I've found several places that more than satisfy my rather frequent Thai cravings (Swadee in Chandler, Thai Lahna in Arcadia, Sala Thai in North Phoenix, and, in a pinch, Thai Hut in Central Phoenix).  Until now, Thai Elephant hadn't really done it for me, but since the restaurant is literally 40 feet from my office and since other Yelpers seem to have had positive experiences, I was reluctant to give up on Thai Elephant without giving it another chance.On Friday, looking forward to a relaxing night at home, I called in an order for Pad Thai with chicken, Panang Curry with beef (extra spicy), and Spicy Eggplant with tofu (spicy, which I thought would be automatic given the name, but apparently wasn't).  I got home, meted out ridiculously oversized portions of the three entrees, and sat down to enjoy my feast.Wow.  I don't know quite where to begin, but to say that I was disappointed doesn't begin to cover it.  The Pad Thai was about on par with the Taste of Thai boxed dinners you can pick up at the grocery store, only less flavorful; marginal at best, but edible.  The chicken didn't stand out as being of particularly low quality, but the noodles were some of the worst I've had at a Thai restaurant (some bites were underdone to the point of being crunchy, while others were seriously soggy).Sadly, the sub-par Pad Thai was the high point of the meal by a wide margin.  The Spicy Eggplant was a bland stir fry of soggy, overcooked vegetables and limp tofu.  The tofu appeared to have been fried as a large block and then sliced, and a few small pieces of eggplant were thrown in for good measure.  The Panang Curry with beef was even worse.  Though I ordered the dish "spicy," the curry tasted like straight coconut milk with a few drops of red food coloring thrown in.  The beef was the last straw for me; it very may well have been the worst quality, most gristly meat I've had at any restaurant I've ever been to.  I tried several pieces, and all were similarly inedible.I really, really want to like Thai Elephant, but after the experience I had, I don't know if I can bring myself to give it another chance -- especially since I've found so many other good Thai restaurants in the Valley and since the second-worst Thai meal I've had since moving here was at Thai Elephant's sister restaurant, Thai Basil in Ahwatukee.
Thanks to Amy D. for also introducing me to this quaint joint.The smell of home cooking lured me in, Great menu selections with sandwiches salads and hot dishes too, along with the daily specials which I think is one of each (sandwich , salad, hot meal).Sandwiches come with fresh potato chips and a pickle spear,I decided to try the Tuna since they don't put onions in it ,Hallelujah!(see pics)You know what it was pretty tasty, I even ate all my chips and the pickle! My only complaint was the bread was a tad dry, but hey it happens.Tucked into a commercial business park I never would have found this on my own, but I have fantasized about going back next time I'm in the area, Maybe Amy D. will take me out to lunch again :)
I lived in AZ for a year whilst at JP Morgan. One of the few great experiences i had out there (back in LA now) was, going to their Good (yes, capital G) food places, they were really really, really Good...certainly on par with eateries I've experienced in London, NYC, Paris, et cetera.I finally found a neighborhood that had (gulp) personality: the Roosevelt district. I was so happy and comfy in my hundred-year-old guest house with hard wood floors, huge pre-air conditioning windows, a sizable green backyard, and an unobstructed view of the teenytiny Phoenix skyline. And just down the street from my extraordinary little residence was the absolutely amazing, wonderful and perfect Tammie Coe (the person AND the bakery) who had just opened their venerable doors.I was there every morning for their exquisite breads, cheeses, sweet things, perfect euro-standard coffee, lovely attendants....I miss it so much.It reminded me of Patisserie Valerie in London, or any good bakery in Paris...with a cool, fun and welcome American twist.I shall always go back to Tammie when ever I find myself in dreary Walmart-ized Phoenix. Tammie, you are an artist. My only hope is that you will consider opening a location in Los Angeles. Eat your heart out, Nancy Silverton!!!
Here is my honest assessment of Los Reyes de la Torta.  It's a three-star place.  The atmosphere is a bit dumpy.  My apologies to those who think reviews should focus strictly on food, but atmosphere is what I notice when I walk in the door.  Plus, despite the fact that the place was mostly, we were led to the table closest to the restrooms.  Seriously?  The star of the show here is obviously the tortas.  I tried the egg one, which had cheese and a very generous serving of sliced avocados.  This torta was delicious and a great value.  The other one I tried had chicken, onions, and some other stuff.  It reminded me of what they have at the Great Steak and Potato Company.  Not that that's a bad thing.  For the tortas I give 5 stars.  Other stuff:No alcohol.  'Nuff said.Greasy potato chips as a side?  That was kind of a bummer.  I was craving tortilla chips or fries or anything a little more exciting than potato chips right out of the bag.The flan was really dense and tasted like it was prepared forever ago in a huge vat.  Skip it.  You probably won't be hungry anyway after the tortas so don't get tempted by the pictures on the menu.
Never been in - but I get pizza delivered from them now and then. I am a New Yorker and to call me a pizza snob probably doesn't go far enough.The crust is crispy, thin, and foldable, the outside edges, crispy and bubbly. Great mozzarella. I have never been disappointed by a topping. A little greasy, as it should be; it reminds me of NY pizza, and that's a big compliment coming from me.We don't have a Ray's in Central Phoenix... but we do have Mamma Mia's. Yo! Tony! You make a good pizza.
Had lunch at Zinc for the first time recently right as they were opening.  Considering they were not yet busy, we had pretty mediocre service.  To begin with, we were not offered bread.  Since it was our first visit, I wouldn't have necessarily assumed we would get bread, but I noticed other tables had it, so naturally I felt slighted.  And then the cardinal sin of serving.  I was maybe 25% through my meal, when our server appeared with our check and asked if we would like dessert.  Well, I don't know.  I haven't really eaten yet.  My husband wasn't even finished, and he eats like he's still in the military.  Needless to say, I just took the check and short-changed her tip in return for short-changing the time I was apparently allotted for eating. As for the food.  I had the macaroni au gratin with smoked ham as well as their up sell of parmesan truffle fries.  I liked the mac and cheese.  Not the best I've had, but pretty good.  The fries were okay.  But I've never understood the concept of dressing up plain 'ole french fries and serving them with ketchup.  If I'm not going to get a nice aioli or some other special dipping sauce, I'd rather just have the fries sans all the other crap.I wouldn't necessarily object to a return visit if I'm in the area, but I won't be breaking down their door.  Just as well, I doubt they would care.
Holy frijoles- this place lived up to the hype. I'm surprised how how good the pizza is here in Arizona. Very tasty, and definitely some of the best pizza I've had in the valley. The only downside is that there is usually a long wait to be seated, and then once your seated, it takes a longer wait for your pizza. The prices are average, the service was so-so, but the food was excellent! Nice location too, right in Old Town so you can have a drink at a nearby bar while you wait for your table. Cool place for date-night, or to have dinner with family. It's fairly casual, but charming at the same time.
::Sigh::I love places like this.  It is adorable and unique and intimate and perfect.  The outdoor patio looks like a great hang out spot (but obviously it is too hot for any of that just yet) and the interior is small and intimate.  I was surprised when I walked in as it was much smaller than I thought it would be- but who knows where I got the idea that it would be a gigantic place.  Our server was hilarious and fun- he happened to be from Ohio and informed me he was a Buckeye (I'm from Michigan, but I'm not a Wolverine so Buckeyes usually don't hate me) and was pretty cool about taking my fun jabs at his home state.  He was super attentive and even was nice enough to give me directions home (horrific sense of direction). I kind of wanted to be best friends with him.  Anyway... I had the one organic glass of red wine on the menu (he brought me a sample first) and the Pasena.  Both were great beverage choices.  I also got to nibble on the tomato/mozzarella and flaked tuna bruschetta and was pleased with both.  I'd go with the original.I dream of the day that I find such a cute little place on the West side (feel free to suggest one if I'm missing it).  The atmosphere rocks, and the unique booze options only add to the charm of this place.
Over-priced, over-salted and thoroughly unimaginative. Package those adjectives up in a pretty little nutshell and you've got Arcadia Tavern. Arcadia Tavern is a family-friendly, bland and inoffensive, if not overpriced, alternative to Applebee's or TGI Friday's. I was seriously enthused when a tavern opened up within a five minute walk of my house. I like drinking and I like walking. Combine the two and you get stumbling, which can also have its high points, ripped jeans notwithstanding. But Arcadia Tavern is no tavern. No self-respecting tavern can commit the cardinal sins of happy hour and retain their integrity.Cardinal rule #1: Thou shalt not end happy hour before 7 pm. Seriously. What is it with places trying to redefine Happy Hour as the hours between 3 and 6 pm? I understand that from a price point perspective the 3-4 or 4-5 pm hours are much cheaper than extending food and drink discounts to the 6-7 pm crowd. But I consider that the same as shining up a turd and calling it a custom made gift. Ooo, you offer three hours of happiness? Pity I can only make 15 minutes of it. Bottom line is 5 pm's whistle blowing time, gridlock makes a girl crave a drink and 6-7 pm is the prime hour for getting that drink on. To end happy hour before 7pm pretty much guarantees happy hour barflies will not frequent the establishment.Flipside: Three dollar Dos Equis, all day, every day. At least there's that.Cardinal rule #2: Thou shalt offer more than frozen food and canned items as appetizers, and if offering cheap frozen crap, it shall be reflected in the price. Fries, tater tots, onion rings, wings, mozzarella sticks, chicken strips, and the ubiquitous spinach and artichoke dip? Whoa. Don't strain yourself, TGI Friday's. My main gripe is with the monster nachos. Maybe I'm just taking crazy pills, but the chips, seasoned shredded chicken and nacho cheese were all wicked salty. We're talking mouth-puckering, tastebud-slaughtering salt laden nachos topped with canned pickled jalapenos (gross), black olives (more salt) and black beans (respect).  I'm also biased against the unnatural plastic consistency of nacho cheese. It makes everything soggy and is a tacky substitute for the real deal. Cheese should crisp up around the edges and pull apart in delectable strings, not ooze sadly over a mass of chips and overpower everything else on the plate. I will say that the guacamole and pico de gallo that topped the nachos were delicious, tasted homemade and were a saving grace, but they were also woefully underrepresented compared to the macnasty nacho sauce. Flipside: The three mini sliders (albeit meager) and grilled veggies platter with hummus showed promise. Cardinal rule #3: Thou shalt provide affordable drink and nosh.So what's that nacho monstrosity going to run you? Twelve bucks. Don't blink. You read right. Twelve dollars for salty garbage. Mozzarella sticks? 7. Dozen wings? 9! Completely unrealistic. Shave a couple bucks off each appetizer and you're in the reasonable price zone, particularly considering the cheap tasting ingredients. Taking that first impression into account, I don't think I'm going to shell out 10-12 dollars for a hamburger (without fries) when I could go to Delux and have my socks blown off with flavor for cheaper or to the Chicago Hamburger Co. for pennies in comparison. Flipside: There is no positive here. For the caliber of food offered, the prices are completely unrealistic. Even the desserts are overpriced. Six bucks for a root beer float? That's a big middle finger right there.Arcadia Tavern, as a representative of the Happy Hour enforcement squad, I hereby declare you undeserving of your title. Four Peaks is a tavern. The Vine is a tavern. Icehouse is a tavern. Hell, even Carlsbad Tavern does it better and they have plastic bats hanging from the ceiling. I regret that I shall never again spend a happy hour in your warm embrace. Although you may still win me over with $3 you-call-its on Thursday after 9 pm. Particularly when accompanied by a little goldfish racing. I totally hate goldfish, too. At least share that in common.
The cool name of the place is the only good thing here. The burgers are below-average and unenjoyably (is that a word?) messy. Fries, too greasy. Seating, not comfortable. Skip it!
This Mexican restaurant has the best burritos in town!  This is not your roach infested 24 hour drive through kind of burrito joint either.  Here are the reasons that make La Tolteca #1 and one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix!1-Full bakery with mouth watering fresh pastries2-Fresh ingredients and great prices3-Also serves beer if you feel like having a Corona with your meal as opposed to take out4-Little market has the best prices in town on citrus fruits and just enough of everything to cook up a little Mexican meal (Ranch Market not needed!)5-Make your own pico/ salsa bar, make it your style and get as much of it as you want:)So, if you are downtown looking for authentic Mexican this is the place.  Of course it is super casual take out or seat yourself kind of place so don't  try to flatter your date here! But get there early, I'm pretty sure they close up shop by 9 or 10...
i like the ooey gooey cupcake! the chocolate cake is soooo moist and cooked evenly in perfection. only it's served chilled? it's weird. their cookies are good, too. I bought a tub of their easter sugar cookies and they are so stinking cute! they're very sweet though so it's impossible to eat more than 2 per day but soo good. anymore than that you'd need insulin. :)
For a boba drink fan like me, it is still rare to find a tea place that has authentic tea (and not just milk powder), hot or cold tea choices, and boba and tea that taste great individually or separately.I ordered an iced chocolate chai (yum! such a difference from plain old Oregon Chai used at most coffee houses) with boba.  The only negative is that the drink was $4.91, but it was well worth it!  Mmmmmmm love this place!
I initially visited Daily Dose about a year ago after a night out.  I was only able to stomach some coffee and a few bites of breakfast nachos that morning, so I wanted to come back for a real (sober) meal.  Alas, they made a better impression on my first visit, headache and all.My recent visit was on a Sunday, around 11:30am, and surprisingly there wasn't a line.  We had a 5 min wait though, so we helped ourselves to water & coffee from the pitchers outside.  When we were called to our table I was a little disappointed - the table was tiny and squeezed between the door to the front patio and a server's station - but I let it go.  My son knew he wanted a cheeseburger and I finally decided on the Ancho-chile corned beef sandwich with sweet potato fries.  Yes, this was going to be a cheat day!Our waitress seemed.... off, and lacking personality.  She didn't take our menus after we'd ordered and there was no where to put them on the tiny table, so they ended up propped up against the window.  Same thing with our paper cups we'd brought in from outside - they sat next to the menus the whole meal.  The wait for our meals was a little long in my opinion - about 35 minutes.  During that time, our waitress was completely MIA and our drinks sat almost empty.  Thankfully, the guy who finally brought out our food was nice enough to refill them.  So, I thought corned beef rubbed with ancho chili spice and topped with sauerkraut on rye was going to be a bomb of savory, tangy, spicy flavor!  But.... not, not at all.  What in the hell do you do to sauerkraut to make it BLAND?  How do you make these yummy ingredients just completely flat??  Frankly, I was PISSED I wasted so many calories on this sandwich.  I ate half because I was really hungry but didn't even bother to take the other half home.  On a more positive note, the sweet potato fries were excellent.Feeling unfulfilled, I decided to try my son's cheeseburger.  Even though it was from the kid's menu, the burger was ENORMOUS and they sure didn't skimp on his fries either.  Sadly, the burger was also really under-seasoned and I honestly wondered if they'd seasoned it at all.  The pretzel-bread bun was the most flavorful part of the burger - it was yum!About 15 minutes after our food came out, the waitress finally came by.  I asked her for a box (for my son's burger) and the check, which she brought to us at the speed of light.  I was very surprised to see I'd been charged $2.50 for a glass and a half of lukewarm, weak iced tea.  If I'd known that, I would've ordered a Tecate light for the same price.  Anyway, I got the distinct impression she wanted us to leave so her table could be re-seated with people who would drink and rack up a bigger bill.  Her loss, as I usually tip very generously when I'm out with my son. Overall, I was just totally bummed with Daily Dose's food, service, and value - and bummed my 100th Yelp review only deserves 2-stars.
I've spent more time than I need to remember in hotel bars and restaurants, and they all kind of fade into a blurry, nebulous, mass. District, however, stands out.From their pork sliders and bacon wrapped dates on happy hour, to their cold and juuust right gin martinis, I don't think they hit a flat patch the whole week I was there, and I stopped by at least once a day. The bartender I had, Matt, was funny, smart, sweet, and made me feel like I had a friend in Phoenix. The experience was more than I could have asked for from a hotel restaurant, and if I stay in the area again I will definitely go back.
This review is mainly for the bar and a few light (ok not light, but small) snacks.  Met with a couple people during their soft opening and there was absolutely nothing soft about it.  I got there a few minutes early and posted up at the bar to grab a Manhattan.  This drink is usually my boozometer when I am trying a place first.  Ok, we've got something here, this drink is tasty.  Started talking to the bartenders and got a really comfortable feeling from them.  When was the last time that you sit down to the bar and  they ask your name, tell you their's, and then shake your hand?  After the manhattan the rest of the group showed.  The bar was a little too busy to fit the three of us so I took my second drink, sazerac, to the table.  Sazerac was tasty as well.  Rest of the table ordered some drinks and nothing negative to be said anywhere.  We each had around 4 or 5 drinks and every last one of them was delicious.  We were comped a few bar snack and all were delicious but the stand out was the warm nuts. (twss)  Mixed nuts warmed with Herbs De Provence and a little bit of chili flake I believe.  Soooooo good.  As for the style of the place it is fantastic.  Feels cool but not cliche.  The Palomar staff did a fantastic job of designing this space.  As of now this is the one place in City Scape that is worth while.
I came in here to order to get takeout it was 19.99 For 2 cheese pizza's ummm not so cheap. They only use 1 type of cheese the pizza was not great I wouldnt go that route again but I am willing to go back and try the Veggie pizza. I surprised my brother with some suicide wing's I dont eat meat but I did try the sauce and ate some w my pizza it was HOT. He loved them all 20 were gone at the end of the night. They said they were SO HOT but the boys just couldnt stop eating them. They said they were very good meaty and not too vinegary. An extra star for making the boys happy with the hella hot wings that night. FYI they probably use hydrogenated oils here by the way but I didnt ask!
It seems like dine-in theaters are popping up all over the Valley these days. Studio Movie Grill in north Scottsdale recently opened.The theater has a far less luxurious feel than the AMC Esplanade 14 or even iPic Theaters. Instead of comfy reclining seats, you're stuck sitting upright, and you won't get any blankets to keep you warm. The inside looks the most like a traditional theater that I've seen at a dine-in theater-and my companion mentioned the lobby reminded him of an airport, and the theater itself, a bowling alley.Like the other two places, though, ordering food or drinks from your server is as easy as pushing the button at your seat. They'll come and grab your order (the menu is full of American food, similar to AMC Esplanade 14), and they'll deliver it to you throughout the movie.Movie tickets are $9 Sunday-Thursday and $11 Friday's and Saturday's, which is way less expensive than iPic and around the same price at Esplanade. I heard people are arriving up to an hour early for weekend movies, so be warned.We drank and ate during the movie. We got a pitcher of domestic beer for $15, which I thought was a good deal considering the two of us drank two beers each from it. For food, I ate a grilled cheese sandwich ($6.25), which came with French fries. I actually really liked this grilled cheese sandwich, since the bread was thick and there was lots of cheese, and the seasoned fries were thickly cut and tasted great. Some regular movie theater concession stand items at non-dine-in theaters are just as expensive, so I thought the food prices here were really reasonable.Though the food and prices were satisfactory, based on the less comfortable atmosphere, I'd still pick AMC Esplanade 14 out of the now three dine-in theaters I've tried.
Dilemma: where the heck to find a nice place to eat near AZ Fairgrounds/Grand? (Shiverrrrrrrrrrrrr)Promblem solved!  Found the answer @ Fez!Candace was super speedy, always had a smile, and returned to our table about a dzn times in the 90 mins we were here.Gazpacheo & Grilled Crustini was OMG good!  (problem was it only came with 3 tiny pieces of bread, had to ask for more, got few pieces of pita, still had 1/2 left bowl of gazpacheo, asked for more bread - cuz like what the heck are you going to do with a bowl of dip otherwise? and they charged us for the extra bread?  x 2 ?  not cool).Cheese & Garlic Fondue was pretty good.  So was the Chicken Strips.Really good drink specials (unfortunately, had none as their specialties are mostly tequila based - not for me!  nor am I a beer drinker, and I did not like their house wine).  But I did have a nice bottle of Sav. Blanc from New Zealand.Anyhow, this fit the bill at having fabby Nom~Noms before heading over to the Coliseum (~ick~) at the Fairgrounds to see the Roller Derby Girls - Whoop~ Whoop!
everytime my sister comes to town we go striaght from the airport to Karsh's.our intent is to buy bagels and we do, but we can never stop there and wind up with a variety of goodies. all that we have comsumed over the years has been really great. as for service, always with a smile and friendly attitude.we used to go here all the time when we lived on n. central, but since we moved to the other side of the world it has become a special occasion place. so please open one near us too.
I took a cooking class with Chef Eddie Matney (Eddie's House Restaurant) and his recipe called for Vanilla bean olive oil from the Olive Mill. First off, what he made with this recipe was phenomenal much thanks to that smooth vanilla olive oil in there! I decided to google this place only to find out that Chef Beau Macmillan acclaimed a the kalamata sandwich from there as his "bad boy favorite." I don't know what a bad boy favorite even means but it has to be good especially since I've had his food and was quite impressed. I decided to make the 45 minute drive from Scottsdale out there on a Sunday afternoon to get my olive oil and try this kalamata sandwich. Such a cool atmosphere inside. It's like a trader joes/gift shop/paradise bakery all with a rural, kinda on the farm feel. You could easily kill an hour here just looking around at all the stuff for sale.  I couldn't believe the kalamata sandwich! If you go there and order anything else....you're wrong. Freshest ingregients I've ever tasted. I feel like the pork could have just been butchered 5 minutes prior to me ordering it and the vegetables just picked from their garden (which they do have there). Pretty cool how you can sample the endless flavors of olive oil there. Got myself the vanilla bean and the blood orange as well. Make for some unstoppable pancakes. Tried the gellato and wasn't all that impressed. But in all due fairness, I'm not exactly sure what real gellato is supposed to taste like since all I've had is gelleto spot and grateful spoon.Definitely worth the drive! Great place to bring the family.
This dairy sells fresh milk, straight from the cow.  That's what they're licensed to sell.  They use organic feed (dried grasses), hydrogen peroxide for cleaning certain things, and iodine to clean the cows' teats (just like many dairies used to).  They want the cows to be out on pasture, but they need a bigger piece of land to do so.  If you know of a piece of land in the area, please suggest it to Jackie Calamos.  I love their milk.  As of this date, milk is $10/gallon, the true cost of the milk (or maybe even a little low).  Most of the milk you buy in the store isn't worth the price.  Forcing more production out of cows with hormones comes at the cost of quality (and your health).  SYD's has all the good stuff (the proof is in the taste).  It's never made us sick, and we've been drinking it for 2 years.  It's a miracle that this metro area actually has a dairy willing to sell fresh milk to the public!  Thank you, Save Your Dairy!
Way old school. I did the lunch buffet, $6 and change including drink.  It was actually pretty good.  Yes there were a few times I asked myself "exactly what part of a chicken is this from?" but the flavors were good. I'm guessing about 15 different items on the buffet.I'm guessing this place has been here for 10+ years, maybe double that.  Red cheesy Asian interior as you would expect in a place like this.I like this place, so what are you going to do about it?
Beautiful ,wonderful and very romantic ambient setting sets the tone for a romantic dinner with the one you love .We first experienced El Chorro back in early April ,and were so enchanted with our patio dining experience ..beautiful view of Camelback MTN. lovely flora and landscaping ,and their adorable organic garden area. That we have returned a few times ,and every visit has been wonderful -impeccable service and delicious fare.Dinner High-lights ;Niman Ranch Steak ,twice baked potato ,asparagus.Free Range Chicken, mashed and peasChopped salad and the Chicken Cobb salad both fresh and delicious.Veggie pasta with shrimp .Drink High- lights ;Honey pot ( jack daniels lemonade drink)Mojito ( strawberry and Jalapeno) sooo good!The sticky buns are just sick !! we always take an order home .Fabulous ! every time.
I really like this place... they have great wine... try the tasting... it is 10 bucks and you get 5 tastes... they make almost all of the wine in house (i know the almond champagne is not made there)... i have not found any wine that i don't like... my favorite is their porto and chocolate port.the other thing you can do is have a bottling party.  i recently purchased 30 bottles (at a great price!!!  cheaper then the wine stores).  they make the batch for you and then you have a party to bottle and label it.  this is a great and fun different party for you are your friends.  despite it location it is a great place for a date...
great service, efficient bartender, the place was packed and he flew around that place serving brewski's nonstop...awesome outdoor patio and great view of camelback...happy to see this little gem and will be back
So far, I have been to Lola twice (a Saturday night and Monday morning). Saturday night was very quiet compared to the super busy Monday morning. Free Wi-Fi, coffee, baked goods, and awesome location...you can't beat it. The morning we went, we had a Monterrey Jack scone that was really good. I laughed when I got my latte in a "So I Married an Axe Murder"-esque cup. We sat along the high tables facing Central Ave and I really enjoyed surfing the internet and looking out towards Central. There are various types of seating as well as some outdoor tables. I really loved this place but worry that it will be one of those places that will be so popular, you'll never get to sit there. That is why I stopped going to Lux because it eventually got so crowded all of the time. My favorite part of Lola coffee is being right on Central and watching traffic and the light rail go past. Love it, love it.
Not too much to add. But must try nevertheless. Second time here, well technically third but the first time it was on a Sunday at 3pm and it was closed. Closed, 3 pm Sunday? That made me a grumpy mumpy, but on the second time/third time when it was open, I was pleased. I mean, Sunday at 3 pm and closed, YIKES!! Where will hipsters look cool and surf on their Mac Books for free or students study for hours while only spending $6? Went yesterday (third time) for a little of the old in and out, or in some circles known as a spot of coffee. Nice coffee shop, I didn't eat anything but had a lovely triple skinny vanilla latte and picked up a bag of their espresso. I love coffee art and my skinny vanilla latte had a touching and semi-inspiring flower shape on it. I immediately rushed home and scoured You tube to learn to make coffee art with my espresso machine. Oh, they make it look so easy, we tried it and are beginning to make progress, (I made the shape of an ink blot on my latte) oh to think some day my latte will have intricate bird shapes and strange Aztec images on our homemade espresso drinks, alas inspired by Lola's. PS. Coffee art is a lot harder than they make it look on You tube. To sum it up, I found it to be a nice caring touch that you don't see at many other coffee shops. The shop itself is really set up nicely and in perhaps one of the best central corridor locations possible. Off the light rail and in the heart of Cen Pho, it is strategically perfect. The down side you ask? The hours are Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy. One would expect later hours with a central-downtown-hip-urbane -Coffee shop of this caliber? I think the hours are indicative of an inherent conundrum to what ails Central Phoenix as a whole (although improving). Things are just not open late enough to be considered a World Class City. Hopefully, they will have longer hours as time goes on? Otherwise, I am a fan of Lola's!
ABC is the Home Depot for the baker or kitchen gadget junkie. They offer unique cake molds, cake toppers and my favorite- solid color cupcake liners. They host a number of different Wilton cake decorating classes.They close by 3:00PM.
I will never know what the food tastes like because they were so so rude, I will not go back.  We came in and were given a table, menus were practically thrown at us.  And then we waited, and waited and waited.  We asked a woman working there, and she apparently did not speak English and indicated a man at the front would help us.  But he was too busy talking.  We got up and left.  No one even said a word when we left.
I met some friends last night at Cadillac Ranch and this was my first time going. The space has a very odd layout, but there are two bars (one inside and one outside on the patio) and both have plenty of TVs to watch. There is also a very cliche mechanical bull, but unfortunately (or maybe fortunately) no one rode it while I was there.Service at the bar was really good, but when our group moved to a table, service became spotty. We had two servers for our table of 11 and one would take a drink order or would be asked for something and then not deliver it or something would get missed...the two servers just didn't coordinate very well. Luckily we weren't in a hurry and were a pretty laid back group. I only ate the Cadillac salad (mixed greens, tomatoes, cheese and croutons) and it was a nice size for $7.95. However, and maybe this is just a pet peeve of mine, but I hate when restaurants put the dressing on for you! I prefer for it to come on the side, as it does in almost every single restaurant I have ever been to, so I can put on as much as I would like. I did try a few of my friend's fries and they were good...not oily and for fries, they were actually pretty light. As a note, for groups, they put an automatic 20% gratuity on the bill, not the standard 18% most other places do.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place as a lunch or dinner destination as I was not impressed by the menu or the entree prices which seemed on the high side for what they were. However the three stars I am giving Cadillac Ranch are for their happy hour:$2 domestics$3 imports$3 Fat Tire bottles$3 Flavored Smirnoff Vodka drinks$3 Margaritas$4 Rum (Captain Morgan)$5 Vodka Martinis$3.50 to $5ish select appetizers (there are about four or five)I'm always happy when I can get Stella drafts for cheap. Also, according to the bartender, one of the margaritas they serve can only be purchased a maximum of 4 times by one person because it is so strong. One piece of advice: If you start at the bar and move to a table, close your tab at the bar even if they offer to transfer it to your table. We had a huge mess last night and some people overpaid and some of us underpaid.
Yard House seems to be a good place to meet a group of people because of their huge menu, beer selection, and atmosphere conducive to talking... this location can get crowded, so depending on when you go, be prepared to wait.I'm typically not so much into chain restaurants but I've been to Yard House more than a handful of times and it's pretty consistent so I don't mind going every once in a while... the thing is, I now have a favorite item on the menu, it's the miso glazed sea bass.  When we went the other night, they were out... bummer!Our server was fine- not the most friendly, but took decent care of us.  We were a party of 6, and I wasn't the only one planning on ordering the seabass... my aunt and I were both disappointed, but what can you do?  I ended up with the shrimp and vegetable terriyaki bowl and my aunt went with the tuna tartar appetizer and edamame.  Others at the table had the scallops, the turkey burger, a steak salad, and scallop entree... Few of us were drinking that night, but we managed to have a good meal.The manager, Clem, came over to apologize for being out of seabass - that was appropriate; obviously, we knew it wasn't his fault, but the gesture was nice.  In thinking about writing this review, I have to say that I lingered between 3 and 4 stars... I ended up giving just 3 because the Yard House has become just another chain restaurant in my eyes... nothing special, the same thing every time, just plain old average!Sure, I'll be back for group meals, but I won't be rushing over on my own or on a date anytime soon. Go for a beer, go to watch a game, go to listen to some classic rock and have an average meal... and if you like seabass and it's in stock, go for it!
We got here around midnight last Friday... the place was dead. However, they were still serving food and we enjoyed some well made pub grub. Service was friendly, quality cocktails were served, and the atmosphere is derived from an old Uno's, which certainly works for a sports bar. It being located in a somewhat commercial area, I can see why it's empty so late on a Friday. From what my friends tell me - this is a great spot for happy hour, and it stays relatively busy thru 10pm.*UPDATE - Great patio for day-drinking on the weekends!
Not being a big fan of chain restaurants, I wasnt super excited to eat here last night. I was however, starving and craving mexican food and wanting to try somewhere new so we ended up at Manuel's. OMG I loved it! The salsa's (especially the hot!) the chips, the cheese crisp with green chiles and onions, and most of all: the chilaquiles!! I LOVE chilaquiles so much and had mostly seen them only served at breakfast until I opened up Manuel's menu and there they were, just how I like them! SO good I wouldve licked the dish they were served in if I wasnt so full afterwards!JD had a rolled quesadilla that was fantastic too and we both needed to be rolled out of there when we finished eating. It was so good though that I'm craving it again today. We will definitely be back!
very nice setting, right next door to Joe's Farm Grill (previously reviewed and raved about). Friendly, cozy and crowded. Great, huge sandwiches and good coffee. I am picky about coffee though. A lot of places have coffee that tastes good but for some reason makes me very thirsty. Such was the case here, but it was ok. The absolute standout for me was the peanut butter scone. Never had one, or even heard of one before. It lived up to my hopes and I enjoyed every moment I spent eating it. Added bonus, the fresh dates were out at the farm stand. However, the plastic thing on the wall that was supposed to hold the cash for the honor system was empty of envelopes. I asked at the coffee shop but they didn't know. Said it was a different place. Well, ok, I went back. Stuck my money in the plastic thing. Figured even if someone else took it at least I did my part. It wouldn't be on my conscience. Had to have those dates. All of Joe's stuff - you're great - I hope you stay in business forever! or at least a really, really long time!
Eh.... 2.5 stars, maybe? 3? Not sure, yet.After looking at the menu online, I really wanted to like this place. The menu has some creativity to it, unlike the template-North-Indian-restaurant-menus you find at many of the Indian restaurants in the Valley. Aside from offering things like korma, kadai, vindaloo, etc. with a variety of options (chicken, lamb, paneer, shrimp or fish for each) they also have some other more unusual choices, like one of my favorite dishes, mattar malai methi (creamy fenugreek and peas). And dahi vada in the appetizers... I couldn't wait to check it out.Unfortunately, three friends and I went at lunchtime on a Saturday - and there was a buffet. So I didn't get to try any of those tempting dishes.The restaurant itself, while  decorated a little haphazardly (Chinese paintings?) is bright and clean. There's a TV on a wall, which happened to be playing one of my favorite Bollywood movies...so I was still excited about the place.But...after tasting the food...meh.The buffet was all right.. but nothing to write home about. Pluses? Once again, it had something different..fish curry as well as an Indian-style Chinese dish or two. So that was cool. But the food was just so-so. I was there fwith three other people - one of them said the cuts of meat, especially the chicken, were of higher quality than most Indian buffets. But he didn't like the sauces so much. One other friend said he liked the tikka masala, but that was about it.As for the vegetarians, well, we didn't have a lot of choices. Veggie manchurian (which was pretty good), a very bland chana masala and some pea/carrot thing that reminded me more of baby food than anything else.The dessert was just all right, too. And the rice was very bland.So, overall, I wasn't impressed. But I don't want to judge the place too harshly based just on the buffet. After all, Curry House was packed on a Saturday afternoon, so I'm thinking maybe it's got something better to offer me.. I'll have to go back for dinner and see what their non-buffet selections taste like before I totally write this place off my list.
I was a regular at the Nello's on 48th st and Warner in Awhatukee, so I was pretty interested in trying this location out.  They are all owned individually so I expected it to be a little bit different which it was.  Still good, but I think I like some of the selections of the other Nello's better.  Not that big of a deal because I have already been here twice over the last 2 weeks, but I liked the soup of the day and the panini's they had at the one in Awhatukee.  Still a great place!
If we were able to give 0 stars... I would ask to give -1.I live nearby, and am sad to see that a coffeeshop that sells coffee this horrible is still in business in my neighborhood.Not only was the breve mocha that I ordered disgusting, so was the process of watching the barista make my drink.They use hershey's chocolate from a dirty nacho cheese style pump with chocolate sauce dripping down the sides, and coagulated into a thick cap at the tip of the nozzle.  *Disgusting.  The espresso shot was made without care, or concern for the fact that it was done way too quickly, and with espresso grounds that were ground way before I walked in the door.  Possibly way before the barista started her shift.   *GrossAnd finally.  The milk.  She steamed the milk with the automatic steam wand.  This was a huge red flag.  Those are notorious for burning milk and making disgusting drinks.  Well, both were accomplished. The steam wand was tinted white from lack of cleaning.  And the worst part was that near the end of the wand was a DARK CHEESE that had accumulated from burning milk and not cleaning the wand after every use. Which is FREAKIN - DISGUSTING.I wasted 5 bucks on an overpriced small mocha, and threw it away after taking a sip.  Hundreds of businesses in the area close down every year, and there are more realty signs in strip malls in this neighborhood than actual storefronts.  AND I really don't understand why this place hasn't joined the many defunct businesses and starry eyed entrepreneurs in the unemployment line.  If you own a coffeeshop.  Coffee should be your passion.  If you own a bait shop.  Fishing should be your passion.If you just want to open up a business that mirrors a nearby popular chain (short, tall, grande), please stop wasting space in the strip mall and get a day job in a cubicle.Never going back, warning my friends about this place, and am probably going to contact the health department on Monday.
The food was decent, however I am writing about their underhanded business practices.I ordered a travelzoo voucher for $69 that included 2 3 course meals. It said "Regularly $140". What we ordered, if had been ordered off the regular menu would have been about $100. However, we were charged tax on the full $140. Second, even though on the voucher it says "PLEASE TIP ON THE FULL VALUE OF THE CHECK." (which implies tip is not included and we get to choose the tip amount) and nowhere mentions automatic gratuity, 18% gratuity (18% of $140, even though we ordered $100 worth of food at the most) was automatically added to our check.Third, even if you had ordered the most expensive options, the highest possible amount it could be worth is $120, not $140. It is mathematically impossible to have the voucher be a $140 value, but that is what they add tax and tip to.Fourth, after we told our waiter we were using a voucher, he seemed less interested in the service level of our table, which i later realized was because he had a guaranteed 18% (of $140) tip.I just noticed today they have another travelzoo deal "$79 - AWARD-WINNING FRENCH DINNER FOR 2 W/WINE, REG. $165", I am posting this so hopefully if anyone is thinking of buying that voucher, they will read this first before they purchase it.
Drunk people go here. Service is good depending who you get. The Burger according to one Arik B can not taste his burger. When ask the server, how come my friend Arik b can't taste his burger? Why?You had to be there to laugh. What a fun night!!!!Don't order the pancakes, they are not very good. The chicken strips were a-ok.
The food at Beaver Choice Scandinavian Bistro is delicious; a little unusual, but easily understood. Hearty and reasonably priced. You can find out all about it at azcentral.com in an article by Howard Seftel. Then, after reading this survival guide, you should go and try it.     Things you will need: 1. An afternoon or evening with no commitments other than your meal. This could take a long, long time. 2. A pen and a piece of paper on which to write your order (along with an alternate choice). 3. Dining companions who all enjoy the same foods and are willing to eat off the same plate. 4. A snack to tide you over until your food arrives. 5. A sense of humor (but try not to laugh out loud),     Here's our experience:     Four of us entered the small, 20 seat restaurant at 12:10. There were six other people seated at the minimalist glass top tables. A large, and very appetizing looking catering order was taking up another table. We were given menus and told to order at the counter. There were many, many choices of entrees (a few warned that they would take between 20 and 35 minutes to prepare - we avoided those), and each one came with a choice of four side dishes. You can see why a paper and pen might come in handy. Ken went to place our order, but he had to wait for three other people who had arrived before him. It took a while.  Then he was told that my entree choice was not available because they had run out of gravlax. I came up with another selection, and Ken went back to the counter - where another group of people had taken his place and were ordering. Another wait, then my second choice wasn't available either. The sauce had to be reduced and wouldn't be ready until Tuesday. I figured I'd be safe with a third choice of Swedish meatballs, so I yelled over to Ken who saw that each of our orders was being written on a separate piece of paper. Odd.     We settled in to wait for our food. Our drinks were brought to the table. Sena's eyes popped when she sipped the pitch black coffee. The waitress said it was always that strong and that there was no milk or half and half available, but she could bring out some heavy cream. I noticed that food was coming out of the kitchen painfully slowly. One dish to one table, a while later, one dish to a different table. Companions were left twiddling their thumbs. It so reminded me of Hell's Kitchen - I could hear Gordon Ramsey going ballistic: "Shut it down you &*#$%!!!!" . At about 1 PM my Swedish Meatballs were delivered. I put the plate in the middle of the table and invited everybody to dig in. Luckily the servings are large. We finished that off and waited another ten minutes before Sena's chicken schnitzel arrived. That too was shared. At about 1:35 Ken's entree was brought. That left Leon, who had ordered Tilapia. We flagged down the owner and told her that we had a 2 PM engagement and would like our remaining dish. She said she'd look into it, went into the kitchen and was not seen again. A while later another staff member came over and told us that there had been a large catering order, that they had only a six burner stove  and that 2 employees had called in sick. I mentioned that I didn't think it was right to serve some people at a table and not others. "This is the way we do it, we're not going to change it, and Howard Seftel thought it was all right", was the emphatic reply. More waiting. At 1:50 a different staff member came over and said it would be a few more minutes. To our disconcerted rumblings he said - and you're not going to believe this - "The fish has to be defrosted slowly because of the parasites...."  At this point, I'll confess, I started to laugh loudly and somewhathysterically. It may have been rude, but I couldn't help myself.      We were out of time, so Leon decided he'd take the fish to go. Ken went up to the counter and gave one of my Valley Vittles cards to the "parasite" staff member, saying that the food was great but the service terrible. At which point the staff member had a melt-down, yelled at Ken to get out of his restaurant, then went slamming through the kitchen kicking something on the way out.      This was truly one of the oddest dining experiences I've ever had. Very Alice in Wonderland. But if you go equipped with the five items mentioned above, you'll have some excellent food.
Sadly received this email today:Sabatinos is ClosedYou know we have been experiencing a lack of sales which we can blame on the economy, new restaurants opening here in the valley (most likely for much less cost than us original places), we tried to work with our landlord, but he would not budge on lowering our rent. We just could not afford the 5500.00 this month and were afraid we would lose everything in our place to a Lockout, which was threatened to us already.We just wanted to say goodbye to all of our loyal customers, we really enjoyed having you come in weekly and keeping up with your lives as well as you keeping up with ours. We will probably be leaving the Az area and starting over fresh. God Bless Kevin and Sheri
Have you ever had the Lean Cuisine chicken enchiladas? Have you ever been to a super obnoxious sorority party, where all the blonde bimbos are tanked and dancing on tables and such? Have you ever been totally ignored by wait and bar staff even though you've doused yourself in lighter fluid and set yourself on fire? Well. Then. You've been to San Felipe's. Lower than mediocore food. Except for the grilled fish tacos. Thus 2 stars. Not 1. When I lived at DCRanch, I thought this would be a less expensive, less formal place to hang out. Hmmm...other than grabbing a quick beer here I'd sooner stay at home, eat Doritos and watch a sorority slasher film. What do Kristin and Pierre say? Meh? Yea, that's it. Meh!
This particular restaurant is not set up well.  There is a section of 4 soups all clearly labeled, but further down, there is a black kettle of another soup with a tiny little label that you have to pick up and read. In the center of the counter, there is a bread bin, you have to lift the plastic door and hold it open while you retrieve your bread.  I was fascinated to watch other people's techniques for bread retrieval while I was eating.  There are tortilla chips in this bin and then you have to go to one end of the counter for taco meat, then to the other end for cheese, lettuce, sour cream, etc. Poorly planned and smaller selection than Sweet Tomatoes, I would rather pay a few more dollars for a better selection.
I have to admit that I can't stop going to Carly's even though I KNOW I shouldn't!  Good:  I can't get enough of the Cape Cod salad! It is really somethin' special, that ain't no lie.  Also the soup is always flavorful.Bad: Has nothing to do with the food. It is all about the atmosphere, which is oppressive in an I'm-so-unique-and-talented-and-you-are-smelly-dung sort of way. Staff is pretentious and lazy. They think they must be pretty lofty individuals for working there but that doesn't mean they LIKE to work, for god's sake....  The owner. She is somewhat friendly, but beware. She is the person who created this environment, and it becomes easy to believe once she starts bragging about how well-off she is.  So congratulations everyone! We support these immature little weasels who scorn this gross human ritual we indulge ourselves in: being a customer, AND apparently we have made the owner a rich woman but shhhhhh! She's still the kewlest of the kewl.UPDATE: Received an annoying email from the owner (the husband) who instructed me give " *constructive criticism* " and not make a personal attack or be petty. My review was neither of those things. I do not know John, nor do I know Carla. I only know what I experience when I have lunch at their place of business. The staff was rude and lazy. The owner DID brag. The food I always order is good. Get a grip buddy.I was honest about my experience for OTHER PEOPLE who are considering spending their cash on food there.  I am not in the least concerned about the owners or the staff personally, but apparently John thinks I ought to be.  I ought to see how great Carla is. In fact, he goes into detail about how great Carla is.  It's nice to witness a man standing up for his lady. It would almost cause me to add a star up there, but sorry, no can do.  His improper use of the possessive apostrophe SEVERAL times canceled that out (okay, now that was petty -my bad).  I'd advise John to concentrate on things other than trolling around yelp, chastising his own customers, whose business supports that fancy paint and the famously zombie-like staff.  Maybe the staff is just following John's lead when they don't focus on creating a positive experience for their customers?Honestly, I remain puzzled as to why John would bother to bother me.  I go into a small restaurant to find the owner bragging. That is part of my experience and I will continue to post reviews featuring owners, and how they carry themselves.As for the "personal attack" on Carla, I will not retract what I said just because John is butthurt and whines about it. I will say this: Carla has probably been in the restaurant several of the many times I have dined there, but I perceived the bragging only one time. I doubt anyone who read my review would label this person a braggart based on that one experience of mine, and as I said before- it did not and would not stop me from going back.I will be back. I will order the food and enjoy the food, but since that's not the only part of the dining experience, I will tolerate the negative things because the food I regularly order is consistently good.
I will begin by saying that I've been wanting to try this place for months now, simply because they have a salad that bears my name. Which reminds me of my high school days, when the internet was new and I spent an afternoon with a friend visiting websites that also had our name. Most ended up being adult sites, but tonia.com* was an Asian company that had my name written in a fantastic logo. I wonder what it means. Anywho, not only does the salad live up to its given name, but Moto is now on my backup sushi rotation. Reasonably priced and of good quality, I was extremely full by the time I ate only half of my dinner. The Tonia salad I actually had for lunch a day later, and was very filling and delicious. I can only imagine what it would've been like eating it the same night. Had it not been as great, I would've never came back and written to the owners, demanding the salad change to a lesser awesome name, maybe one more common or boring.My to go order was ready exactly when they said it would and I was in and out the door in minutes. I'll be back.*I have no idea if this is still the same site anymore. I am not responsible for where the link leads.. now.. or in the future
The place has a nice little vibe going on and they have some unique items but the reason the rating is so low is that there really aren't a lot of options that don't involve faux meat.  Aren't these people vegan?  Don't they hate the idea of poor little animals being our food (even though that is the only reason they are alive)?  Then why so much FAKE MEAT?!  I will never understand the meat envy vegans and vegetarians have.  I go to a place like this to get a dish that uses vegetables in more creative ways, not to get some overly processed soy products that aren't nearly as healthy as fresh lean meats like chicken and fish.  FYI, I love meat but every once in a while I like to grab a vegetarian dish.  Another negative is nearly everything is fried.  Guess they bust the myth that people are vegan because it is healthier.  Frying things is the cheap way out of actually creating a healthy AND tasty meal.  I'll give them a 2.5 star because what we chose was quite tasty.  But with nearly every option involving faux meat and tofu it really is a disappointment.  If you want legitimate vegan fare try out some indian places or Ethiopian places.  They are very creative and using spices to flavor a vegetable dish. The fake cheeses and meats are for Vegans with meat envy, not for Omnivores that just want a good meal.  Keep your expectations in check and you should be okay.
Since I was in AZ area for the weekend with my gf for pleasure we decided to visit one of my friends in the area. She picked this place and we decided to get seafood instead of steak or a meat house. First of all, I'd suggest making reservations otherwise DO NOT COME HERE. We showed up at 7pm but weren't seated until 845. Good thing we ate a really good lunch otherwise I'd be starving and complaining like a baby. At least this gave us time to have a few drinks before dinner in the LARGE outdoor waiting patio area. I think it was so crowded because it was the weekend before Fat Tuesday. This place kinda reminds me of Bubba Gump or something similar. It seems fun and they do have a large bar and waiting area. We ordered alligator and frog legs as an appetizer. LOVED IT!!! We wanted the fried alligator and frog legs but the waiter absolutely loved that he worked here and HIGHLY recommended that we order it grilled instead. Since he worked here, we figured why not? I was thinking to myself that the cooks were a bit lazy and maybe they didn't want to prepare it. Lol. To my surprise, it was good as he mentioned. I have had both before but not for a few years so I was pleased. My gf ordered the crab stuffed shrimp which was really good. I ordered a  combination seafood plate which was good but not great. There are way too many things to order on the menu. A lot of fried food so if you are trying to watch your diet/weight then don't come here. I would definitely come here again but I wouldn't be in any rush. Great for a lot of people and groups, but PLEASE make RESERVATIONS.
Yummy pancakes made from special house batter were perfectly golden, light/airy & spongy in texture, and had a subtle maple flavor even without the addition of their syrup.  Pancakes are their flagship breakfast entree, though you can choose from the many other items including omelettes, french toast, or the common 2-egg with sides combos.This place has a local owner with a family member as the chef named Dean that is admired by most patrons.  Oh, and he's the one who makes the delicious pancakes of course.  Atmosphere is clean, sterile, and almost like an old hospital cafeteria from decades ago (notice the operating room blue colored booths).  Patrons are almost exclusively senior citizens and the feel is relaxed, comfortable, and really is a throwback to casual breakfast spots were in the past.  Location is on the north side of Peoria just before 99th ave., not far west of the 101.  It's an older strip mall with ample parking, but down't be thrown off by the modest exterior (restaurant is to the far right when you enter the lot).I really like this place because of the overall vibe, friendly service, and pancakes.  It's also a nice getaway from Millennials.
Oh Chelsea's your a tricky little spot, you have tasty tuna tacos (by far the best fish taco I've had in phoenix) but that little tuna delight cost 18$ which is no big thang except that I work within walking distance of the place and 18$ for a lunch taco dish is straight baller status. The outside patio is great and the service is what it is, Its a good corporate lunch spot but stay away when it comes to dinner, its kinda boring, OH YEAH IF YOU DRIVE BY THIS PLACE THEY PUT SOME CRAZY TASTY SMELLS IN THE AIR SO BE STRONG AND KEEP DRIVING YOUR WALLET WILL THANK YOU.
So i'm not here to buy spices or shop for sheesha, i'm here for food. Lots and lots of food. Luckily for me, Haji-Baba is known for tons of food at decent prices so I have a promising evening of stuffing my face without breaking my wallet. God, I sound like a really cheap buffet commercial.But really, to be truthfully, super blunt, honest-to-go-honest truth, Haji-Baba's food is not the best in the world but it is 1) fresh, 2) good quality, 3) tasty and 4) cheap. I am sure you can find better Mediterranean food around town, but this place is really good on your wallet and fits my needs just right. And hey, 215 reviews can't be lying. THE PEOPLE LIKE IT. They like it a lot.I ordered the gyro deluxe (gyro with raw onions and feta cheese), a side order of hummus, Babaganoush (eggplant dip), tried my friends lamb tongue and a pistachio  baklava. If you are feeling adventurous and want to try the lamb tongue, lemme tell you: don't. Really, don't. There is nothing tasty about lamb tongue. It tastes slightly like roast beef but the texture resembles congealed liver patee and the big chunks are really scary. The only positive about eating tongue? Infinite pun jokes about talking about it forever. Get it?The gyro meat was pretty standard in the Gyro deluxe sandwich, the best thing about it was the creamy fresh salty feta cheese. Its the freshest i've ever had and they really DO slap it on that sandwich, like a boss. The babaganoush was also very very tasty with the pickle and the black olive- however- i would have liked bigger pieces of roasted eggplant than a hummus-like texture. The hummus was just A-OK, it needed more of a PUNCH of flavor. Last but not least, the baklava is my favorite dessert in all the land.. so obviously I enjoyed it. Heavy on the honey and not very crispy on the nuts, but pretty decent nonetheless.In conclusion, only use the tongue in your mouth and not the one on the menu, get as much feta cheese as your body can process and buy a desert to-go. BAM, lunch is served.
"Are you kidding me Laura?!?!""OMG we are going to get shot!!""Dude this is a fucking double wide."This is what I heard upon entering the parking lot. "Hell yes we are eating here I don't care what you say!!"I like it no matter if Veronica R (my sister) did not like their green chili. Its a taco place order the tacos!! Yes the rice was overcooked and a bit crunchy hopefully its not like that all the time. The beans were FANTASTICO they tasted like the ones my Abuelita used to make. The salsa was not for the weak its nice and spicy just how I like it. I had the shrimp tacos as my entree see pics, they were delicious I cleaned my plate!!Cheapest beer ever I had a Bohemia for $2.50 they are $6 anywhere else!! We also took some Horchata and a Mansanita glass bottle to go mmmm. This place was clean and reminded me of Mexico inside, if I am in the area I would not hesitate to stop in here for a bite.Shout out to Danny S for recommending! TY!!
Having gone to the now-closed location on Shea, I didn't expect to find myself at the new The Herb Box anytime soon.  My one visit was fine, but didn't leave me wanting more.  However, when Deb L hosted a recent UYE, it was the perfect opportunity for great company at the very least.  Well I'm happy to report I received even more than great company....great food, great service, and comfortable, yet beautiful surroundings were also on the plate.  I began the evening with a glass of their house-made sangria.  I could drink this light and fruity beverage all day.  In fact, I think it would make a fine substitute for my morning OJ.  I did have a hard time choosing an entree.  While I was tempted by the pear and gorgonzola flatbread, I chose the goat-cheese chicken instead.  The shoulder cut chicken was perfectly cooked, but the meat itself was perhaps a little bland, although admittedly I do prefer chicken to be well-seasoned.  The goat cheese stuffing and the fig jam, however, resulted in an overall quite tasty dish.  I loved the mushroom risotto cakes served alongside!!The Herb Box also graciously offered our table a variety of sweet treats at the end of the meal...a slice of fig bundt cake (my favorite), a couple different cupcakes, a whoopie pie, and a passionfruit cake.  While all were enjoyed, none of these wowed me.  I do think these may have been pastries available at the market, and not their dessert menu items.   So thanks to Deb for giving me a reason to try The Herb Box.  I'm sure I will be back again!  I didn't get a chance to browse the market!
"I totes spent half my paycheck here while making out under a palmtree that's no longer there and eating tofu and sauce with my girlfriend/boyfriend/person i needed to impress/first date/ex-boss/lover/landlord/twitter pal! It's edgy and modern and makes me feel like my $80 blouse was worth it and that I'm worldly and cultured and blah blah blah blah blah...". There's no fighting what looks like a small legion of wanna-be hipsters and pseudo romantics who can't get enough of this place or it's food. And who apparently feel great about dropping $50 to $100 for 1.5 ounces of food. VERY impressive. Good for you.In my opinion, it ain't all it's cracked up to be: first, pay attention to how many fried foods are on the menu....fried tofu, fried quail, fried wontons, fried chicken wings, fried pork on sugar cane. Yeah - it's a LOT of fried items. They even fry some of the shrimp in their salad items, i'm told. Hmmmmmmm. Bit overpriced for what you get. Some items are either smothered in gobs of soy sauce (duck breast), or have so little taste that they NEED the sauce (spring rolls - lay off the Anise!!). So....basically you're paying higher prices for gussied-up, MSG-ridden, fried nibbles - even if they ARE tapas. Funny how many people write reviews of this place stating that they were WASTED when they went...maybe because we naturally desire greasy food when we're drunk?I've had friends go and love some items(lime mint beef, red curry tofu, miso) and dislike others (fried pork, gyoza, overcooked fried wontons). I've also had friends tell me they've seen everything from cooks picking food out of their teeth with their fingers behind the counter to death looks from Chu because they clicked their chopsticks together too loudly, or asked for their food to come out on time. It seems he's not the little "darling" that some make him out to be.The music  (on some nights) can be occasionally good, but also gets repetitive and loud. Sometimes this place tries too hard to be New Yorkish - while existing in the remote patchwork of dirt lots making up the roosevelt district (or as some call it, "Cenpho". still looks like a lot of empty dirt lots to me).And occasional HOUR wait times?! What is this: Matt's Big Shumai? It's small food! Get over it!Looks like a lot of people "need" this place to be something it just isn't, for whatever reason. You are a fickle, mysterious and too often Lemming-esque crowd, my dear phoenix.
Cafe Lalibela is my absolute favorite Ethiopian resteraunt in the greater Phoenix area. Located in a small shopping plaza near downtown Tempe, this humble little place packs a whole lot of flavor with their authentic Ethiopian fare. I love their braised meats (particularly the beef and lamb dishes) and your vegetarian friends will rejoice with Lalibela's amazing selection of veggie sides. My mouth is watering just thinking about their potatoes, carrots, and cabbage dish as well as their carrot and green beans. Their spicy lentils are probably my favorite lentils ever, and their injera (thin spongey bread, sort of like naan) is absolutely perfect. The super nice family that owns and operates this place are great and they even offer some great Ethiopian coffee, tea, and beers. One of the only things I really miss about Tempe.
For opening night, there was a giant wave of people coming through the door.  The bar was dimmed in red and purple lights.  The bright new white dining tables were ready to be eaten on.  All new upscale posh furniture in the bar, dining area, and patio.  We were not able to get dinner but we'll be back.
I really adore this place. They've got some of the best lentil soup around and all of their chicken dishes have been perfectly seasoned and very, very juicy. I recently got the kabob plate and it came out so tender and juicy it was falling apart on my fork. Their hummus and garlic sauce are both very good as well and the service is quick and friendly. Last time I was in, I noticed they expanded their dining section so the place is a bit bigger now, probably to accommodate the increase in customers from the park-and-ride light rail station right in front of their restaurant.Do yourself the favor. If you're heading on the light rail and feel hunger strike, stop off here and enjoy a nice meal. They have good lunch specials around $7.50 for a full plate with meat, hummus, garlic sauce, pita, and tabouli. Mmmm!
This place was a disappointment.  I'm a big fan of a good Italian Beef sandwich.  I was introduced to it when I lived in the Chicago area in 2001.  Since I've moved back to AZ, I am always in search of a good one.  Lately, on my way to Anaheim for a little family fun, I stop at Portillo's in Buena Park or Moreno Valley.  This is a must.  Needless to say this is what I compare Italian Beef sandwiches to.The Italian Beef sandwich at Al's just did not compare.  Not only was the beef dry even though I got it wet, but it just tasted different.  It was definitely an unexpected taste for me.  The rest of the family agreed too.  The hype was there but did not deliver or meet my expectations for me.To top it off, the service wasn't the best either.  It took a few times for the cashier to get the order right.  And even though the order was right they still managed to screw up one of the items we ordered.  Though they did rectify it.  And to top it off, we ordered a "chopped" salad.  The lettuce wasn't even chopped.  What?  Not chopped?  It's the little things.We ended up leaving disappointed.  It was a bust for us and definitely not worth the trek from Chandler.
Ive eaten here twice and I dont think Ill ever eat here again. I ordered the lettuce wraps and the food smelled like horrible BO. It made me so nauseous I couldnt even eat it. The salad is decent but I still cant get over that smell!
I hate to give this place 1 star but my recent experiences were horrible. I use to dine at this restaurant often with my family. The more we go, service decreased. Our water cups never get filled.The very last time I was there, I found a gnat in my pho. Although I have eaten about 50% of the medicore pho, they asked if I wanted another bowl. I said no; I was there on my lunch break. No time to wait for another bowl. I got up to pay for my bill and to my surprise, there was no discount or any sort of accommodation. I am disappointed with them and will not be back.
I forgot they built a bunch of FF places along Deer Valley Rd over the last several years, until my bro Daren C reminded me (shout out).I've been making the rounds to various area Arby's using the shit out of the free BBQ Bacon Cheddar Roastburger (arbys.com/coupon and today's the last day!)I thought I'd try out another store to avoid wearing out my welcome on Bell Rd., and I'm glad I did.This is a clean, efficient operation.  The building's pretty new, with a large dining area full of a variety of walled areas and nooks and crannies, giving many of the tables a private feel.There's even a big atrium window, and a real, live 15' or so ficus tree growing indoors out of the floor in the dining area.  Great atmosphere for this kind of place.The service was quick and friendly.  I could tell that the young guy at the counter thought the manager barking orders was being a dick, but he took it in stride, smiling and saying "yes, sir" the whole time.  "richard" the manager was only doing what it takes to keep a FF store running smoothly, though, and young guy will someday get a job selling cars or something, and look back thankfully on all 'richard' taught him about  upselling and add-ons, smiling and being friendly. Bad on Arby's for getting rid of regular french fries, though, as they now only have curly or potato cakes (which are great, but i always appreciate variety).btw BBQ Bacon Cheddar Roastburger kicks butt.
A huge disappointment.  I had been looking forward to getting to Iruna and experiencing what I thought would be an experience to all the good food, service and times once had at Sol Y Sombra.  Joke was on me and my friends!  I would give the service 1 star, but because a few of the dishes were very tasteful, I am giving two stars.  The waiter was nice, but did not belong in the service industry.  He called us "dudes" (I wasn't on the beach and he wasn't wearing swim trunks, no need for "dude"), he kneeled on the table bench directly behind us, basically breathing down my neck when he talked (gross), never asked us how the food was, even when we didn't touch more than 2 pieces of the calamari (that was saturated in oil and desperately needed a few squeezes of lemon).  He took dishes away that we were not finished with.  The food was good - some dishes were great and some were not good at all.  The romesco sauce served with the croquettas was delicious! I could have eaten just a side of the sauce alone.  It has just enough spice and the flavors were spot on.  The trout was another delicious dish.  The fish was cooked to perfection and everything on the plate hit the palette in all the right places.  The calamari was awful.  It was over fried, and instead of serving with a lemon wedge, was served with a citrus aioli - the concept would have been great if worked with the dish. Even after taking the lemon from my water and squeezing on the dish, it was not appetizing.If you check them out online and want to go try them for happy hour - sit at the bar (maybe on the patio, I didn't ask) but we were seated in the actual dining area and then told the HH menu was only available at the bar.  No biggie, but not the best way to attract repeat customers.  The space itself is very nicely decorated, it was comfortable and had a lot of details that worked well with the rest of the decor.  Overall, I think they did a great job with the space, if they tweaked just some small things with some of the food items, they could make them much better and as for service - contrary to popular belief, just because you're in Scottsdale, doesn't mean your staff should be wearing Ed Hardy t shirts and calling customers "dude".
The worst Thai food I've ever had! This place was recommended to us by another couple, and wow was I disappointed!Everything was completely blase and tasteless, the only exception being the extreme spiciness of my fiance's entree(probably to make up for the lack of other spices)...don't bother with this place.
Got to give them four stars, Above the crowed, cooked to order food here is simply great.Yes butter burger is a fun time but the real mean is their entrees Fried Chicken and Fried Cod, they keep their fries clean and use a great breading recipe,  try it you'll be back for more.The beef is ok, sometimes a little salty.  mixers,not the biggest fan but they hit the spot when you need to.  be creative and make your own mixer.  Service,well its ok, they do bring it to your table and when you do a drive thru don't expect this to be Wendy's, it will take some time depending on what you order.  Your given a number and a nice high school student will bring some food to you.The service seems to be young here, they just like hiring someone looking for their 1st job or so.  No this does not create the best service but creates, our local future.  giving a younger kid a job is not easy to do and these kids will move onto another job and keep working this is good karma for Culver's Phoenix  and shows an investment in the town.  I choose to review this location because it has been around.  I used to go out of my way to find a Culver's.  now they are popping up around town.  As a Midwest person this is great to see.  This is mid west food, comforting a little greasy but dedicated to a great meal.  kevin
I was working in Phoenix and was told that I had to try Delux, as they had the best burger and sweet potato fries I would ever have.  The fries were pretty good, but I don't think they were anything above average.  The burger, though, I thought left a lot to be desired.  It was juicy, but I would actually call it more grease-laden than truly juicy.  I like a moist burger, but I don't want grease dripping off the bun.  That was my major problem.  That may be what some people like, but I didn't.
Let the attack of the Blue Hairs begin!  You simply cannot eat here without being shoulder checked by retiree's from Sun City West & Sun City Grand.  They must get to the scrambled eggs before you do, because YOU may take all of them.  The food - yeah, it's basically OK for a buffet.  The selection is pretty good, the food is hot, and some of it is even tasty.  The tables are jammed in to make more room for the elderly and to maximize profits.  And it is your typical buffet decor.  Did I mention that the old farts are like professional hockey players when they get near a buffet?  It is like in a room full of food suddenly becoming afraid that you won't get what you want to eat.  It is ABSURD!Go if you must, but bring some attitude and some shoulder pads.  Watch out for old farts.  Wear an Obama shirt, that should really get em pissed at ya.
3.5 stars! I must say, I'm a total fan of their Zipps Golden Wings! Gotta love their reverse happy hour! Ordering their wings on medium is smart move, their wings are already so flavorful and sweet, that its a shame to go any hotter, since you'll mask the inherent, crisp, and juicy flavor. I'd say pass on the Fish Tacos, and if you're in a burger move, order the Jalapeno Burger. Sampled their beer, not bad! Breakdown:Zipps Golden Wings ~ a MUST get!Fish Tacos ~ Yawn...Sweet Potato Chips ~ Could do again!Jalapeno Burger ~ Delish! Overall, this is a chill spot with your better than average bar food!
I absolutely love, love, LOVE the ambiance and decor of Modern Steak. It's beautiful. Came for Arizona Restaurant Week 2010. I would have never, ever picked this restaurant based on it's name. I do not eat steak, nor will I ever eat steak, but my friend wanted to go so I agreed since there were non-steak items on the Restaurant Week menu. I'm so happy we did! For the first course, I debated between the crispy shrimp and the chopped salad and based on the waiters recommendation, I ordered the chopped salad with avocado, crispy vegetables and parmesan. Loved the huge chunks of avocado in it! For the second course, I ordered the tortelli (a version of tortellini). It was the perfect size, not too big, not too small. Enough for one person. It was delicious! It was stuffed with artichoke and cheese and was heavenly. I wish I had the recipe so I could attempt to make it at home. The dessert of Peanut Butter Cup was equally delicious. It's not what you'd expect it to be: it's smooth and creamy with a hint of chocolate, but it's damn good! I was so full from my meal and couldn't finish all of it so I asked the waiter to scoop it out into a to-go box for me and he laughed, but happily packed it up. I didn't wanna waste any of that peanut butter goodness! I'm so surprised in Modern Steak. I'm glad I gave it a chance, despite it's namesake. I'll definitely go back and tell all my friends about it too.
Went here for lunch a couple weeks back and told myself I would write a review...i completely forgot! :( But today I drove by it and it reminded me to write a review. First thing is...Value.....You get a ton of food....for basically nothing....they have daily specials that are always good but their burritos that can stuff a horse are like 3$....Be warned however that they dont tell you this....so when you order a burrito and 3 tacos because you think it cant be much food due to the low price......you'll know. I got a burrito with pork and it was delicious...too many beans for me but thats easily correctable next time....by time I got half way...I knew there was no way I was getting to taste the "famous fish tacos" if I kept going. So I stopped with the burrito and moved on to the fish tacos....yum...they were very good....I still prefer the burritos..but as a lighter meal you can do the tacos and be very full and very happy. Again...beans were a bit much but Ill just ask for light beans next time. They also make these flavored lemonade slushis there that are pretty tasty. All in all a very friendly place with friendly owners who live up to the name of the place and they make great food for VERY affordable prices. When I was there they were Cash Only...I dont know if that has changed...but bring cash just in case.
Was I there on a bad day or what?  I showed up 15 minutes after they opened and EVERY item I tried was either luke warm or cold.    They have 15+ items on the lunch buffet and I tried a bite of all of them.   Gross and bland.   I felt sick to my stomach after I left because I kept thinking how bad the food was. Yuck!
I had never been to Dominick's and I like trying new restaurants so I was excited to check it out.  We had a reservation for 8 pm on Saturday night and when we showed up the restaurant was busy.  It definitely is catering to those that want to be seen and show off what they have.  As we were walking up they had 6-7 of your finest vehicles backed in right next to the front door.Calling it a front door is a little misleading however.  I found it interesting for such a nice restaurant to have a revolving door as there entrance.  Once inside the door you are greeted by what is a darkened "Liberace" type decor.  Think big chandeliers and crushed velvet.  We were seated promptly for our 8 pm reservation.Top line the food was mediocre.  We between the 4 of us we ordered the  Scallops, Halibut, and the Ribeye as our entrees.  For our sides we ordered the potatoes, gnocchi, and creamed corn as our sides.  The main issue that we all had with the food was that it was very salty.  At one point my buddy across the table asked me " does yours taste really salty?". I answered yes and everybody else chimed in that theirs was quite salty as well.  I don't know if the chef was having a bad night but if not he needs to pump the brakes on his salt usage!Finally this place isn't the cheapest place.  I am not one to complain about prices and I eat at fine dining restaurants on a weekly basis as part of my job.  Our bill for the 4 of us was $500.  We did have a couple drinks a piece but the price we paid did not match the quality of food we received.My advice is to check out the bar for a few drinks and enjoy the people watching.  Think Phoenix Open.  Otherwise if you are looking for a good steakhouse head across the street to Ocean Club.
A friend of mine in Ahwatukee is very annoyed that I've become snobby about moving downtown (I deny this, for the record) and never go out anymore in Tukee where we were once neighbors. Tanked Fish to the rescue! I will now drive the irritating 15+ miles out of my way to eat here on a weeknight, whenever he can break free from his wife and two cute little kids (he wouldn't approve of the way I word that, for the record). I'm concerned that the high ratings this place has gotten so far will lead to false expectations. I love Tanked Fish for two very simple reasons: I always have a great time, and I always stuff my face with sushi until I can eat no more. One night we came here, ate more sushi than we needed to, had a large beer or two, and the bill for all of this... two of us... came to TWENTY SIX DOLLARS. I'm sorry folks but there are very few places on earth where this is possible. [Note: This was during a weeknight happy hour special]A snooty sushi connaisseur would probably tell you that something is wrong with the quality of the sushi. I can't. It tastes good. It has some large tables and would be a great place to bring a large group (6-8 people). As for the vibe of the place, although it has some nice trendy decor it's still more of a neighborhood bar than a destination unto itself, I would say. So don't walk into here expecting Ahwatukee's answer to Nobu (and then whine about it on Yelp and complain that Phoenix is not as cool as, say, Chicago). If your needs are very simple, and they are to stuff your face with sushi and have a good time shootin' the breeze with your buds, Tanked Fish will meet them.
Was here on a Saturday afternoon.  WOW, the place was popping!!!  It is bright, colorful, and clean.  The menu is on the wall.  There are so many things on it.  I settled with a Thai Iced Tea Slush + boba.  The bobas were soft and a good texture.  I am interested to try the other items on the menu.
I am a BIG fan of chicken and waffles and I will try it just about anywhere it is served.  I especially love it in the morning; when everyone else is ordering a light breakfast, expect me to go for the fried chicken.Lo-Lo's was just alright for me.  I liked the chicken, but I was not fond of the waffles.  They were a little too... thin?  Light?  I dunno how to describe it, but I like my chicken AND my waffles to have a little crunch.  And there was kind of an interesting taste to the waffles.  I can't put my finger on the flavor.I liked the atmosphere okay, but I probably won't be back.I know Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe is not for everyone, but honestly I prefer the feel there.  It feels less "affected" by its customers, I guess.  For some reason I am finding it hard to come up with the words here, but Lo Lo's feels like it is the more popular cousin of Mrs. White's... you know... the one with the Letter in Football.Anyway, I am glad Lo-Lo's is thriving...  Maybe I will try the Scottsdale location sometime to see if they have a different spin on things.
1 word. PIE!!!!they have really good pies here, traditional, and some not so traditional...but still really good. food is ok. nothing that will blow your socks off. i find it better in my freezer section then in the restaurant. pot pie is pretty good too
On my little trip around the city I drove over to Sweet Pea. Very cute store and great personable staff.Nice selection to baked goods and great taste.What nice find in the downtown area. I've got Wicked Bakery up north and Sweet Pea downtown... North and South is covered for those sudden cravings... now time to find something on the on West and East sides of the city.
Mi Patio is a solid 3 star restaurant. Some days the food tastes better than others. And some days the entertainment value is better than others. But it's not a chain, it's within walking distance and has very affordable margaritas.There's no bike rack (ugh) and the taquitos are basically a carne asada taco with no toppings (which I happen to like).
I'm no regular here, but on occasion I get a craving for an Iced Mocha that tastes like chocolate milk. Tully's has that down. That's the only thing I've ever ordered here (I go elsewhere for my usual espresso needs), so I can't speak on the rest of their drinks. But, I don't imagine the rest of their drinks being bad; their Iced Mochas are very enjoyable.The service can be spotty. There are a couple ladies that work there that are sweet and take good care of the customers. But I've also encountered a couple of employees that aren't friendly and/or are super slow. Whatever; Tully's isn't my usual haunt. But it's good for what it is: fast-food-coffee.
Bye bye Phoenix Houston's, hello Phoenix Hillstone!I've been a huge fan of Houston's for years, and had mixed emotions when I heard that they were closing the Phoenix location and opening just down the street under their parent company name, Hillstone.  But after one visit, I'm sold... Hillstone has the same favorite dishes that Houston's had (spinach dip, grilled artichoke, veggie burger, fresh vegetable sides, fries, desserts, etc...) and they have a huge wine list as well.  Service is attentive and sweet (thanks McKenna who was our waitress last night).  Thanks also for going above and beyond and creating rootbeer floats for our table upon request!The Hillstone group did a fabulous job building this new restaurant - it's got a great outdoor seating area, a huge bar, an awesome wine cellar, and comfy booths inside as well.If you still want the old name (Houston's), the location in Scottsdale / Hilton Village is still open, but I highly recommend checking out Hillstone to change it up just a bit.Welcome to Phoenix, Hillstone, and yay for me... first to review!
I just thought I'd post an update.  I planned never to go back, but was with a friend who really wanted one of their breakfast items.  I skipped ordering ANY food whatsoever and merely ordered coffee and watched her eat.  As fate would have it, she had a BACK HAIR in her scrambled eggs (we are 2 for 2 now).  My gag reflex is going off as I type this.  My husband, friends, and I have renamed this place the Black Hair Diner, and we've decided they have actual black bears cooking in the kitchen, since they can't seem to keep black hairs out of their food.
-Inexpensive produce.-Fresh sausage and other meats.-$2.99 freshly made to order sanwiches.-Decent prices, cheaper than Whole Foods.-Parking is convenient.-Employees in the produce dept not so friendly. -Cashiers are usually friendly.
Looove this place!  I loved the sexy, yet simple atmosphere.  I felt as though the air was cleaner somehow just walking inside.Let me first say that Happy Hour prices were outstanding!  I have to admit, I think my favorite Happy Hour spot, StingRay, has just been outdone!The food was delicious!  All of it!  ALL...OF...IT!  From the cucumber salad to their famous appetizer, the mustard leaf wrap, it is flavorful and fresh.The service was pretty good, but there was some confusion I think more than once, so it delayed the service a bit.  When I have to stop and say, "Hey, where's my [fill in the blank], I know the service is lacking, although I would say not enough to keep me away!I was really, really happy when I left here, might have been my company, but we all loved it so that is what mattered!
I'm not sure if Safeway is a national thing (let's just say I've never seen one of these babies in Manhattan), but it's definitely needed in Phoenix and Tucson.I would drive around the city, looking at all the strip malls and low-end manicure chop shops and wonder, "Where the hell do people go grocery shopping?" And while Trader Joe's is GREAT, I'd be hard-pressed to do all of my shopping there.So thank God for Safeway, right? Although Safeway is generally a little more expensive than other grocery stores, you can pretty much get anything you need there. This particular location was so clean it was beaming! Or was that just me?It had everything you'd expect from a Safeway--from a lovely floral department to a mini-Starbucks to a sizeable deli counter.Yay for Safeway and chain shopping!
We came to Half Moon Sports Grill to watch the UFC Fight. It's a nice big place, yet we had to get there early since it filled up quick. The place is fun, the girls wear short skirts and knee socks. They have a full list of local beers in bottles and on draft. They boast a monthly special, which July's is a burger for 1/2 price if you buy a drink. That's almost $4.50 for a giant burger with fries. Unfortunately I was full from lunch and did some light snacking with my beer drinking. First up, I wanted the Watermelon Wheat - Perfect for any hot Arizona day (which is most of them) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#MrdXI7O_NSKVvqgGTcIYOAThen, the Dirty Guera Blonde Ale, because I love blonde ales and cute names. It was great and encouraged us to visit Nimbus the next day! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#5nzmTTMOmGj_sVIxkTM51QIn between, we ordered a couple appetizers, a gigantic pretzel that was served with both queso and mustard. I love to dipp! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#lMQuuVAuKQAL-RKfEYkPWg And my guy ordered the Prime Rib Sliders (4) served with carmalized onions, french dip sauce and horseradish. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#seP7cR-l6f3xjnJtzFQIxA That was a meal in itself, really. For Dessert, I ordered the White Chocolate Ale which was by far the most dessert tasting beers I have ever tried. It was so much like a sweet white chcolate, you really need to savor every sip. If you see this anywhere, order it and thank me later. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#1jzaMBgdEa9YyVasa8rukQAfter all that, I needed a couple sugar free Red Bulls to snap myself back in action. We had a fight to watch and I was not going to be the first to TAP OUT.
Chino Bandido is a staple for my sister and I. I'm not going to lie, when describing this place I feel the need to mention that while it's not much to look at on the outside--inside it delivers some of my favorite guilty pleasures.I encourage anyone who is trying this place for the first time to take a few minutes and allow the staff to guide you thru what they have to offer. With their complimentary taste test , you can try a few of their most popular dishes and learn how to order off of their moderately challenging menu (but once you get it, its super easy). I ALWAYS go for the combination of double jade red chicken, refried beans, and plain fried rice.The snickerdoodle at the end is perfectly baked. Every time. Love this place.
Only went to the downstairs bar, but cannot wait to return!  Very cool with the rock and copper features and leather couches.  We sat at the bar and were served drinks that you pour yourself.  Is this a new trend?  He gave us little glass bottles of tonic and coke with little spoons to stir our drinks with.  Those little spoons were so cute I was almost tempted to put them in my purse.  If another couple hadn't been hogging the fireplace the whole time, we would have sat there.  Maybe next time.  We'll try to food too.
I'm a pho snob, my hitlist is impressive. In Olympia, I ate pho literally every single day. Test me, wannabe purists...Nam Sao is the best. The guy always working and seeming to make the food is so quick and super sweet. Great service, my drink never goes empty, and the table is set in traditional pho-joint style: a metal caddy with spoons, forks [...], chopsticks, napkins, and all the delicious condiments.The menu is enormous, so if you happen to be in the mood for something other than their glorious, never-watered-down noodle soup, you can try something else. The spring rolls, I love them. The boba tea is great too, I've had it thicker and more rich at Pho Hoa in Oly but I like the less creamy variety served at Nam Sao. Fast service, cheap filling meal, wonderful server.. I literally cannot think of anything bad to say about Nam Sao, except it's so small it's kind of hard to find if you're new to the spot. Just go to the right of Fry's and you'll see this little piece of heaven with its lights on, welcoming you in.
So I started getting a cold yesterday and wanted some more soup it was late already 8pm so hunny went off on the search for soup since it was Mothers Day n' all. He ended up at Manuels dont ask me why!! Our white neighbor loves eating here, he had heard from somewhere or someone that they had the best albondiga (meatball) soup?! Well it was wayyy tooo salty other than that it was ok kinda spicey not too hot though. I don't eat meat but the kid liked the meatballs it looked like they had rice in them anh herbs too who'd a thunk. Chips were a tad too greasy and the salsa wasn't too bad good heat, beans were good rice was alright. If it is necessary and in a pinch again I'd go again but prob not.
I'm a little shocked how high this place is rated, to be honest.  I'm not disappointed easily, but I've given this place three chances to impress and they've consistently disappointed.   I live nearby and was very excited for a new, trendy place to eat & drink. The first time we went there, we sat at the "outside" bar. The male bartender was not personable at all-he was actually quite rude. When I politely asked him if he knew the price of a liquor off the top of his head (and not to worry about it if he didn't, I was just curious), he snottily replied with, "well, there's not a button for it so I don't know." He then rolled his eyes and walked away. I was astounded at how rude he was but shrugged it off. I actually felt bad because I thought somehow I offended or embarrassed him because he didn't know the price of this particular liquor, so I apologized to him, and he proceeded to made another smart comment about how he charged me the well price but that the next time I come in it might be much higher, again being very snotty and rude. My boyfriend was actually pretty upset at the way he spoke to me but chose to let it go because we just aren't the type if people to be confrontational or to complain.  After our meal and about an hour before close, he told us he was leaving and that another girl would be taking care of us. When she showed up all she did was clean the bar in preparation to close (even though that wasn't for another hour) and didn't even introduce herself or say hello. I waited for her to notice that my boyfriend's Blue Moon was empty but she was too busy cleaning so I asked her myself. She asked me what beer he was drinking, I told her, then watched her pour the wrong beer and give it to me as if I wouldn't notice. (Not all alcohol is available at that side of the bar. For instance Blue Moon and the liquor I was drinking are stored at the main bar, another point of annoyance for the original, rude male bartender. But how is that my fault? I didn't know that.  And clearly this girl didn't feel like going to the other bar to pour the correct beer for my boyfriend, even though she specifically asked me which beer he was drinking and then lazily poured whatever wheat beer they had in tap at the bar we were sitting at.) That was the "straw that broke the camel's back" for me. We paid out and went to Darcy McGees (in the same shopping center) where the staff are always pleasant and helpful.We have since given the Lion two more tries but been severely disappointed with the service. The food is excellent- but just cannot make up for the terrible service. The second time we tried this place we sat at the main bar (as to not inconvenience the bartender at the outside bar), and all of the bartenders were too busy talking amongst themselves to notice that both of us were empty on drinks and hungry with no menus offered to us. I'm sorry to say that we won't be giving this place another shot.
Let me first start off by saying I was skeptical.  I had no idea what to expect and after reading a ton of reviews, we thought we would give it a shot. Located in an old converted home in Heritage Park right across from Pizzeria Bianco the place is small and intimate and just an experience in and of itself.Now for the food.  Where do I begin?  Tapas (small plates) style, and community (share) the experience is in ordering from each section of the menu.We started with the Kimci and Nasu.  The Kimci is a Napa cabbage cold plate that will rock your world; a little sweet, a little spicy it was a great way to start.  The Nasu is an eggplant with a bacon marinade of sorts on top and while I am describing it poorly it was truly delishous.  Amazing!!Next was the Yellowtail Ceviche.  This WAS OUT OF THIS F'ING WORLD.  Inexplicable but so, SO GOOD.  Next was 2 off the menu plates, chicken and Wagyu beef short ribs.  The ONLY REASON this place does not get 5 stars is 2 of the 3 different types of chicken were mediocre.  The wasabi grilled chicken was pure wasabi on grilled chicken.  The 2nd was a panko fried chicken, which was moist and delishous but nothing amazing, HOWEVER the 3rd chicken was an orange peel fried chicken that way just so good beyond words.Lastly, the Wagyu beef short ribs were so so so amazing, I mean, I never wanted the taste to leave my mouth.The service, very good Juan (our server) was very attentive and very helpful as it was our first time there...but it most definitely will not be our last...oh and THEY VALIDATE FOR PARKING ;)
The quintessential Brewery with a wholly fantastic kitchen. Best spinach artichoke dip in the valley, period. From fried to gourmet Four Peaks has it all. Beerbread sandwiches are always excellent, fish and chips, bavarian pretzels, french fries, daily specials, I really haven't had an item that I didn't like! The weather is perfect right now for a sunny patio lunch or fresh air dinner. Let's not forget the beer. My favorites are the Oatmeal Stout or the Peach. Their peach beer is legendary with low sweetness and a crisp refreshing taste. If you think cider is too sweet but like fruity flavor, this is your beer. The oatmeal stout is thick and hearty with no bitterness. Seasonal beers abound, pumpkin porter in the fall, I've seen an orange blossom, belgian white, barleywine, etc.Parking close can be a challenge on weekend nights, best to ride your bike if you're close enough. http://www.fourpeaks.com for a complete menu.Just go there already!
Lack-lusterI have been disappointed the two times I have visited Houston's.  Their veggie burger is soggy and grainy at the same time (I am not sure how they managed that)...not an appealing taste.  Their "famed" baked potato was dry and was nothing out of the ordinary.  Frankly, I could have made something better for myself and saved the money.  The redeeming factor was that the service was decent and the restaurant was semi-attractively decorated.  Overall I would not come back unless I have to (aka my friends drag me along)*** Was informed by a fellow yelper that the place re-opened down the block under a different name, HillstoneI hope the new name was followed by a new menu.
Love fondue? If so you've probably already tried one Melting Pot or another. I've been to my share, but this was my first time to this one just tonight. They've only been open two weeks - and they are off to a GOOD start! We had great service - very helpful and attentive, but not up in your face and of course, I love the food. Yeah, so it is obviously a chain and some people don't like it for that reason, but I think as far as chains go they do a nice job and the food and presentation is quality.Sure, it isn't cheap...but it's not that kind of place. It's the kind of place you go when you are not in a rush and expect to pay more for the whole experience. It's a good place to go and linger over the food and conversation. We usually get : cheese - tonight we tried the special one, but I typically recommend the Wisconsin Trio, house salads or whatever the special salad is, the vegetarian entree, the extra veggies they give you and a dessert - tonight we did the S'mores. It was all tasty as usual, the service was really excellent and the atmosphere at this location is nice and quiet. It's in a random little strip mall-like place so not too many people know about it yet.
In response to a recent thread about Boba drinks in CenPho, I said that Rainbow served at least 1 flavor- chai- which my husband found to be "just ok." When Hubby asked me this morning if I wanted to "taste the Rainbow" for breakfast, I asked him to check on the Boba situation. It turns out that Rainbow listened, and they now will add Boba to any of their drinks. The woman behind the counter said you can call ahead so you don't have to wait. Hubby's vanilla and my strawberry frap that he brought home today were still "just ok." The donuts are still really good, and they finally have some stable hours, 4 am to 8 pm.
Coming into the Phoenix area for a family party, we stopped off at Los Sombreros for some margaritas and Mexican on an otherwise cooler night in the valley of the sun. I was told they are very picky about reservations and, if your party isn't complete, no table. So our 6pm reservation was now in jeopardy because the last two of us (me and my fiance) were running late due to issues on the ramp at Sky Harbor airport, obviously out of our control. But they still didn't want to seat us...  additionally, I overhead on the way to the place that they would only "try" to do their best to accommodate our party, making it sound like they were booked up solid until closing....typical Scottsdale always trying to look more happening and hot than it really is. Moving on, we somehow "lucked out" (go figure) and had a table no problem, so all the stress caused by the hostess was unnecessary and, in my opinion, pretty unprofessional, especially since the restaurant was empty by 8pm, again, typical Scottsdale. The menu was brief, and I almost had to double check I wasn't looking at an appetizer. Most of the items are typical Mexican staples with a bit of a Southwestern American twist to them making the food a hit or miss if you ask me, some items were good, some were not. But that's really anywhere I suppose. The one thing that stood out for me was the Guac. I will say this was flat out delicious but Guac is pretty had to screw up. The margaritas in my opinion reminded me of something you'd get more at Chilis, a little too sweet for my liking but definitely drinkable. The fundidto appetizer we ordered left the table empty twice and well I'm not really one to combine seafood and cheese, this blend seemed to have a harmony with others and I'd recommend it to a first timer, +1 if you request to add spinach. Finally moving on to the entrees, different contraptions from the kitchen filled our table with vibrant colors, assortments and sizes. I myself ordered what I was told is sort of the house specialty ,call it carnitas mixed in a chipotle sauce with veggies type of deal. While it was tasteful and was more than enough to get the job done for me, the flavor of the pork wasn't really there, at, all. I browsed over a couple other reviews and noted the same complaint but hey that's what hot sauce is for I guess. Overall it's an alternative to the chains hoarding Scottsdale road.
This should be called a speakeasy coffee shop. Why? Because you really have to be told about it to really know it's there! The shop has minimal signage on the exterior and it's housed within a urban multi-use warehouse on Roosevelt with different vendors and an art space. I can only imagine how cool this building must be to visit during First Fridays! Once inside, I was pretty surprised that the coffee shop is more spacious than I would have figured. It's pretty sparse inside, but there were plenty of seats to do some work or have a meeting. The coffee here is strong and delicious. After drinking my non-fat iced latte, I had to refrain myself from bouncing off the walls! It's definitely coffee with a kick if you need a wake-up call. This coffee shop definitely exudes the epitome of cool and I will definitely keep it on my list for a caffeinated visit in the future.
I love this Gelato! My favorite combination is the panna cotta with the mint chocolate chip. Weird but wonderful. I am rarely down this way, especially since I've moved, but I still fantasize about digging in to this deliciousness!  I only ever had great service, and fantastic product here. So far it is the best Gelato I've had, although I hear Arlecchino's is pretty fantastic as well. I miss visiting Angel Sweet, I will have to go back soon.
I love Pizza-A-Metro and so does Joe Arpaio. I am quite certain it is the only thing we have in common.This is where I take my foodie friends because they are usually so busy eating they shut up for a while. (I kid, I kid...) I have never had anything here that I don't find super delicious and crave-worthy. The first time I went here my party was personally doted on by Maurizio, who was over-the-top gracious and seemed to truly love what he was doing.  While I don't see him every time I am here, the service never suffers.The calamari is crisp and light, which is a nice change from heavy, fried calamari that is so ubiquitous in too many Italian joints. Hands down my favorite item on the menu is the Frescolina. The combination of the arugula and prosciutto makes my mouth water even thinking about it!So next time you are at Pizza-A-Metro, my advice is don't loudly discuss if the portly man next to you is Joe Arpaio. Don't look him up on your Blackberry and pass the photo around to get the opinion of your fellow diners. Don't bring up that his mother died in childbirth, and how that potentially explains a great deal of the man's 'politics.' No matter how much wine you have had, do not forget how small this restaurant is. Because in the end, after he and his bodyguards leave, the server will tell you- Yeah. That was him.
Upon our overnight stay at Econolodge a few blocks down, the live lit sign along side of the street attracted me to try this restaurant.  I remember the menu vaguely, however did not forget the amazing breakfast special the other half and I ordered.  $6 for a plate of thick cut bacon, 2 eggs made your way, hash browns, and toast (white/wheat/rye, etc.)  Customer service was great, the hostess and waitress made us feel very comfortable!
I will have to disagree with many of the previous writers here.  I have been to Michael Minna in San Francisco, which is way more famous and crowded but this one is better.  Let's begin with something that impressed me.  When my partner and I sat down, someone came over and immediately handed her a black cloth napkin.  Sounds simple, but it's nice when you have nice black pants on and don't want white crap all over them.  Second, the food was great.  The duck fries were really good (and free)... I had a great corn chowder with cilantro and a small grilled cheese sandwich which was perfect. (I never eat those). My main course was a skirt steak in a fantastic sauce.  My dessert was beignets and creme brulee.  The beignets were great and the creme brulee was good.  (My gf makes it much better)...we each had two drinks, a pear martini which was excellent and an even better white cosmo.  All in all, the food was tasty and the appearance of the place was nice and swanky.  It's about time Scottsdale started opening restaurants that can compete with S.F. and NY.
Is it illegal to have good Chinese good in Arizona?  We went tonight having high hopes of having high quality, fresh Chinese food and we were sorely disappointed.:(We opened our take out bag and the white rice had been left off of the order...we were going to give them a pass for that...but on the flavor issue...there are no excuses...The Peeking Dumplings were wilted and flavorless.  The sauce that went with them could not revive them.  The Chinese mustard was in little packets and had no heat...Viagra needed:(!The Mongolian Beef was so salty it tasted processed.The snap peas were stringy and overcooked.The General Chow's Chicken...it tasted old like it was off an all you can eat buffet.Honestly...Panda Express is better...as least you know what to expect in a mall food court.It wasn't cheap...and I'm not a food volume person but the portions were small...I was fine with it because who would want more of this plate of shame!I hope they can get there act together...but I fear the owner may be in over his head...Isn't there a Chinese Chef in town who needs  a job!
Oh.  Mah.  Gawd.Let me get this out of the way.. the ONLY reason I'm dumping a star on America's Taco Shop is because they charge extra for chips and salsa.  I HATE that.  Charge me if I ask for extra salsa or something, but otherwise, come on.  Now.  Said chips?  Perfect.  Salsa?  Perfecter.  My taco?  Made me cry a little bit.  I am picky about corn tortillas, but these were brilliant.Go to America's Taco Shop.  I will see you there.
Found this place through Yelp and a Yelping buddy so there you have it...the power of Yelp because we absolutely LOVED this place.  Tucked into a neighborhood you have a very cozy, eclectic little joint.  From the start to the end we received extremely friendly service. We of course tried the foods suggested in previous reviews and by the server.  The pasta fries were unique, light and paired with great tasting sauces.  A definite dish you have to try.  We also tried the figs stuffed with chorizo.  Also very good & savory.  But the ABSOLUTE FAVORITE of the night were the chicken and waffles!  My gosh is this the dish to come to the Tuck Shop for.  The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.  The waffles were served with a butter that seemed to be whipped with possibly honey and the syrup was just the right sweet.  All the flavors seemed to work with just the right amount of sweet and savory.  The grilled fresh green beans were the perfect side.  I think I would get this dish over and over and over again.  Then I would go back and get it again.  Great place we will frequent often.  P.S. They make their own tonic.  Yep, their own tonic.  GREAT tasting!  Try it with the vodka they serve (haven't heard of it before but was very pleased).
Red Velvet, CheckParking, Valet for Free, CheckRatpack ghosts, CheckFun People, CheckStrong, yet good drinks, CheckGood happy hour place, CheckBeen Around for Ever & Deserves it Rep, Check
Pretty damn nice!I made reservations for the Compass via OpenTable and upon arrival, i was greeted by first name.  We were seated promptly and thank God I didn't pre-drink too much because the restaurant spins at a pretty steady pace.  It's a great concept and for all the theatrics, the cost of the meals were very reasonable.  I had salmon and opted for polenta with my meal instead of mashed potatoes and I'm glad to see that both grits and polenta were mainstays on their list of sides.  The only miss for me was the chili cornbread which I didn't find to be that great, although my comrades seemed to like it.  Service was prompt and consistent and I must say I enjoyed my meal and the whole spinning experience.
If you haven't been to this place - go! Seriously. It's amazing. It's the best little hole-in-a-rundown-strip-mall you can find. And it's cheap!Nestled between stores like Big Lots and some electronic place with Mexican ranchero music blasting, this tiny place is hidden in the corner. The owner is from El Salvador, so don't expect it to be Mexican food -- there are many similarities, but the dishes themselves are different.Walking in, you can smell the homemade pupusas -- seriously, it smells like the roadside stands along the bus routes in central America. It's amazing. There are only a couple waitresses, and I don't think they speak much English, but the menu is in pictures, as well as in Spanish and some English, so you should do just fine.Get the pupusas - they're like thick, hand-made tortillas stuffed with either pork, cheese and beans or, my favorite, cheese and loraco flower, which is some green and edible plant that tastes a bit like asparagus, to me. It's definitely the best one. These things come with salsa and some coleslaw (if they don't, just ask for the salsa) and are very filling!The other dishes are really good, too. For a low price, you can get an entire plate of things like meat with rice and beans - and this place doesn't skimp on the fixin's. They put slices of fresh tomatoes, avocado and all kinds of other stuff on the plates.I honestly LOVE it here. If you want to avoid the crowds, come at an off-hour... then you can just sit, relax and watch the telenovela on the TV in the corner. For dessert, pick up a piece of the cheese pie near the cash register.I can't recommend this place enough!
Went to Pho Avina (which I could easily recommend to anyone) a few weeks ago with my 2nd dad and he spies the Korean BBQ place (note their signage all says Korean BBQ and not Chuhgajib) and he grabs a menu and we make note to ourselves to check it out (of course, not until after I checked out the other reviews on Yelp)So we head there for lunch today.Now, I know this about Korean food...I ate kimchi made by the mother of one of my daughters friends and it was good. Beyond that, I know that when I flip on LPGA on television to watch the hottee Paula Creamer, some Korean chick is depriving her of a victory and I am none too pleased but it does appear that they understand food...but I digress.Lunch specials $ 4.95 - OK...I'm suspicious. Includes 3 pieces of california roll, salad, rice, vegetable and entree. Too cheap. We order gyoza and egg roll appetizers. Evidently gyoza in Korean restaurant is different than Chinese restaurant but is scrumptious nonetheless. Egg rolls more typical to my expectations and very tasty - I'm optimistic. Tea is in big weird cup with no handle and waaay too hot to actually pick up but tea bag says Liptons...I'm still suspicious.Salad, underwhelming but I am impressed with silver chopsticks that work well for me.Comes the lunch platter...- California Rolls, AOK - big mound of white rice, perfect- pickled vegables, tasty and interesting- sweet/sour vegetables, tasty and interesting...wishing someone could tell me what it was I was eating but hey, it's all good.- meat (I had bbq pork but forget the name) mildly spiced, nice, a little dry but that may have been intentional...my knowledge of Korean clearly fails me here. 2nd dad got bbq beef and it was very tasty, not spicy, much more moist.We left stuffed, happy amazed that lunch could be so good and so cheap.Place was packed and it's obvious why. Inexpensive, tasty, no disappointments and very clean.Woman who ran the restaurant wears sneakers and reminded me of a track star because she handled a packed restaurant but hardly seemed to work up a sweat and handled a bunch of to go orders as well.I have to say...49th Avenue and Thunderbird, two excellent Asian restaurants practically side by side and you can't go wrong at either place.You can gorge yourself for $10 here. You could drink water and have a $6 lunch that puts a Big Mac to shame.
Whoa! This is the kind of laid back, homegrown, down right delicious place I expect to find in Seattle - not Phoenix! What an awesome surprise. Came here for brunch on Sunday and was so impressed that I can say I will make it a point to come back! All the breads and desserts are made in house and I was told everything is made with fresh local ingredients when possible.The atmosphere is great. We sat outside and it was nice with prompt service, casual vibe that reminded me of Seattle or Portland, and the FOOD.... Wowie.There were three of us... all three did omelette's of different kinds. I recommend the Local Breeze, sans prosciutto. So good! You can get potatoes or spicy cottage cheese as a side - I went with the cottage cheese and it was delish. The bread is also amazing. Nice thick slices for the toast. Best whole wheat bread I've ever had in Phoenix.Speaking of the bread - they have a killer menu of different french toast options. If I had not been on carb restriction, I would have had one for sure. NEXT TIME. The PB&J and the Nutella sound especially good. Our friend got a half order and it looked terrific. I cannot stress how good everything was. But I can only give them 4 stars and not 5 because the coffee was really bad. A good brunch should have good coffee to go with. I will be back for brunch for sure and would also like to give them a try for dinner or lunch sometime. Give this place a shot in downtown Phoenix!
Corporate... Juice... PIMPS!!! I lurve me some corporate pimp juice! I've been a fan of Jamba's juices for quite a few years... but over time, I had forgotten about the joys of Jamba until my sister (Reylynne W.) We went and I got something with oranges and strawberries in it... i unno what it had... but damnit it was good! :) Nice, clean and fresh, I loved every thick sip. :)
I'll put it this way -- this place is not worth $55 for lunch for two.Two burgers, an order of fries, a Manhattan ($10), a beer = $55 with tip. Nice little spot, but hard to justify the cost.The burgers were decent but not rave-worthy, the glass seemed underfilled with the Manhattan - though what was there was tasty.If you like over-spending, this place is good. If you're more value oriented, skip it.
This cute little neighborhood breakfast/lunch spot just opened up, and is the sister restaurant to Tuck Shop.  The menu is small with super reasonable prices!!  Not much in the way of vegan fare, but I managed to find a tasty dish: The Red Flannel Hash (beet, potato and root vegetable hash sans eggs).  It was very tasty and had a nice amount of black pepper in it.  I also ordered a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice for a grand total $8 and change.  Not too shabby for brekky.  My dining cohorts ordered a frittata topped with sour cream and chives, a Portuguese doughnut and biscuits stuffed with some kind of meat (I forget the name of this dish) and were equally pleased with their meal.Not sure about parking, as we walked over (so awesome!) from their house.  This is a quaint little gem with indoor and outdoor seating.  They also have booze, so you can add a little pizazz to your wake up call.  Great place, can't wait to come back!
Wow, this was one of the best dinners I have had in a long time. I definitely have my favorite spots but it is rare that I have an entree that knocks my socks off. For me, this was the gnocchi dish with the shitake dijon cream sauce. My husband was surprised that I ordered this, since I don't like mushrooms, and luckily for me, the extent of the mushrooms were some medium ones in the sauce. The gnocchi were very tender and the sauce was rich and creamy. I felt like I was eating a delicious mac & cheese with some soft foccaccia bread. OMG. We also ordered the porteguese style mussels that were a fave of my husband's. They were just okay to me but overall, were decent. We also ordered the chorizo and manchego risotto that I really liked. We each had a glass of wine. Our server was kind enough to let me sample the prosecco before I ordered it. Good thing I did because I didn't like it. The server asked what kind of wine I liked and then brought me a taste of their white blend which I enjoyed. Overall, before tip, our bill was $50. Very reasonable for three plates and two glasses of wine. This place is extremely small inside with 4-6 small table inside and 3-4 tables on their patio. There were two servers and on a busy Fri night, service was slow. But they were very nice and apologetic, so I gave them a break. I noticed the kitchen staff worked extremely efficiently which is a plus for such a small space. I was very impressed. I cannot WAIT to come back here as there were several plates that looked amazing.
Sushi is not just a meal, it's an experience...Everything from the way fish looks to the crisp green of the seaweed is art.  The smell of the sake and the sound of crisp sizzle on the grill create an environment conducive to stretching the palette.  Yasu's does this like no other sushi place...The fish is pristine, the rice like air, and the flavors intense and varied.  My wife and I live a stone's throw from this place you would never see it if you didn't know it was there.  It's like a little secret that is starting to get out...All I can say is that it is hands down the BEST sushi in Phoenix, period.  Get the fried oyster rolls, get the grilled mackerel or trout...just try it!
The Vig Uptown is on my list of very favorite places to go in PHX! I'll keep this one simple: great food and awesome atmosphere that's chill, not pretentious, but still super cool keeps me coming back to The Vig Uptown.Sweet Central Phoenix vibe and location. I like it that this place is close enough to the Central corridor but also close enough if I'm headed over from Scottsdale or other PHX hoods. Happy hour is a great deal with half off all appetizers, 5 dollars for any burger and fries on Mondays after 4pm to close, and a stellar menu of comfort food that's still inventive. I adore the wings aka "vings," the artichoke dip, the salads, the burgers, sweet potato fries,and anything I've ever tried here. Other good things: nice patio area that's really indoors for hot PHX days, fireplace area, a bocce ball court, the fact that it's in a repurposed 1950s bank building with a retro feel, and the Vig Rig: on weekends they will pick up/drive home if you want to drink a bit!Only knocked them a star because: sometimes the service falls off when they're busy - I've waited way too long more than once just for a salad, etc. If it was only once or twice I wouldn't have knocked them a star...but they're usually busy and the service usually isn't very good. If they can fix that a bit, 5 stars for sure.
I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in and saw that Country Market had a deli here. I picked up a roast beef sandwich and some potato salad. When I was eating it my friend said it sounded like I was having a mouth orgasm because I moaned after every bite! If  you live in the area and haven't been here yet try the sandwiches they're great.
2 stars for the drive through.  Everything else about this Starbucks leaves you wondering, "why don't you just get back in your car and drive down to the other Starbucks on Daisy Miuntain"...
4 stars for the place itself and it's food/coffee.0 stars for the service, or lack there of.  My business partner and I were in town for a convention.  We heard we should check out Lola.  So we did.  We were excited.  The lady (I use the term loosely here) who took our order was LESS than patient OR helpful.  We asked a few questions.  She barely answered us, then when we had to repeat the question she was nothing short of annoyed.  An example.  We asked where we could get a glass or cup of water.  She mumbled something about the bar/table.  My partner walked over and saw no cups.  She came back and asked where the cups were.  On the table came an exasperated retort.  I walked over to inspect for myself.  There were no cups on the table.  So I kindly asked her if the cups should be on the table, if so there appeared to be none.  She said they are on the table, but *sigh* I'll go check, but I know they're there!  10 seconds later she comes out of the kitchen with a tube of cups.  IMAGINE THAT the customer was right.  I watched this lady serve other customers.  It appears that regulars are treated with a smile and courtesy and patience.  Newcomers or people she doesn't like are treated worse than the dirt on the bottom of her shoes.My suggestion to management, adjust her attitude or get rid of her!  She is not good for business.
Very good noodle shop.  I got referred here on my second day in town by the folks at Fujiya.  They were right.  I went for lunch and I almost could have missed it, tucked away in a little corner in a shopping plaza.  But the outside appearance belied the cute interior. I am waiting for it to get cold out (or even mildly less than scorching) so I can go in for some Ramen!!  Real Ramen - nothing like it.  This trip I had Tempura and some cold noodles. - Good stuff.
I do love rum and should review the Rum Bar separately but both the Rum Bar and the Breadfruit restaurant are equally awesome! Great recommendations from the waiter... Brown Stew Chicken and Jerk Chicken are really good... really spicy on the jerk chicken but thats somewhat expected and perfect for me! I'll take my plantains baked over fried any day! SO GOOD! Really great place to go for not so typical food! The entire place is quite small in a perfect intimate way.  Their seems to be a lot of pride in the menu, environment and service, which is rare to see in restaurant employees. Not to mention a perfect location ... very walkable to other nearby bars and easy to make a whole night of downtown phoenix!
I like the lunch better than the breakfast at "First Watch", which is a bit ironic I suppose. Perhaps it should be named Second Watch?But on to what I do like...The "Not Guilty Your Honor" veggie wrap is good. It comes with a side of hummus, fruit and potatoes. Big meal!The "Burrito Vera Cruz" breakfast burrito was pretty good. The Vera Cruz sauce is a mixture of salsa and hollandaise. I've never had it before trying it here and it was actually pretty tasty!Mango iced tea is good! And they'll give you some to go if you ask!Somethin about the potatoes just doesn't cut it for me though... And as I mentioned earlier, the breakfast just isn't my favorite. I just don't dig their omelets much.Sign up for their email club to get a buy 1 get 1 free meal coupon.Note: If you're vegan, order the veggie wrap and substitute avocado for the feta cheese. Get a side of salsa too.
I don't get the hype, but then again I am not a regular. The beer selection is top notch, the sandwiches are worth the prices, the cheesecake really shouldn't be drowned in chocolate syrup but who cares, it really is a nice people watch place. I appreciate the well composed menu and not much more can be said. It has reliable service and sandwiches, hipsters and good beer. The lack of surprises make it a good place to take out of towners to see downtown and introduce people to First Fridays if you wanna brave potential waits, noise levels, and lack of parking on busy nights.
Four Peaks baby.  This spot is awesome.  Great place to meet up with a crowd, grub, and pound some craft brew.  The food is great: dope appetizers , rockin' burgers, decent pizza, and daily specials.  The beer is fantastic, hop knot being my fave.  They have happy hour everday from 3-7 and 10-close with dollar off beers, a light night menu, TV's, and a pool table.  I've gotten mashed here more than a few times.  Sunday brunch is killer, and may I suggest you try the Stout milkshake, a little known secret, but good for the sweet toof.  Don't miss out on the Peaks.
Eh, this place is okay.  I was not super impressed.  The food was okay.  I was not blown away.   After being seated, we sat at the table for a good 15 minutes without anyone noticing that no one had been to our table once.  We had to flag down a server.  Once we actually did have a server, the service was good.  I can forgive the glitch.  Everyone has a bad night.  But the food just lacked the wow factor.  Even though I have a twenty dollar gift certificate (to make up for the initial service issue) I have not been back.  I guess that about sums it up.
Really pulled a douche bag move by coming here at 9:45pm when they close at 10:00, but everything was closed except for fast food places, in which we didn't feel in the mood for. The hostess didn't give us any attitude and sat us...It was super dark, but had comfy booths. Andy was our waiter and he had such a great attitude, we apologized for coming in so late, but he assured us that we were fine. The salad was good, but kind of small, the buttery croissant that accompanied it, however is tasty. Hubs got porkchops and I got the chicken soup. Not bad, we ended up talking and laughing with Andy about the restaurant industry...too bad the bar was closed, I wanted to see if he wanted to drink with us.
4.5: The only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is the location. The view from the patio is pretty much parking lot and the backs of buildings. But, holy cow! The wine selection is VERY good. The staff are friendly and helpful and make excellent suggestions (thanks for the zinfandel tip! YUMMM). The prices are fair too!And, as much as I love green chile, my new fave is the fig and gorgonzola app. Still a pannini... I didn't know blue cheese could get that creamy when it melted!Man, I wish this place was closer... I'll still be back!
I'm a gelato purist, so Chill is right up my alley. You don't have a million flavor choices, but the ones they have are classics done right, so there is no need. The same lady is always working when I go, and she is very friendly and upbeat. They haven't yet perfected the multi-flavor ratio in one cup, but I'm sure that will improve, and I'm a huge fan of anything with a punch card. So far my favorite gelato spot in the Valley :)
Been going to Don and Charlie's for years now.  It's kind of a family tradition.  A sports hangout, you may see some players and coaches during the off season as Scottsdale is a big place for spring training.  (This delighted my single girlfriends who took every opportunity to flirt the entire time I visited with them).The bar is roomy and comfortable, with more than ample stools to accommodate my generous tush. Say hello to Shelley who is mi favorito bartender!  You are welcome to dine at the bar, but the dining room is much more comfortable, with a great deal of banquette seating-  which I adore.  I often have the veal chop, or a nice, big NY Strip.  Twice baked potatoes, creamed spinach......you know the routine in the "good old boys' steakhouse."  The best part is the house made chopped chicken livers which are simply to die for.Valet service rounds out the numerous reasons to choose this place over others in the area.  I almost forgot the comprehensive wine list, including wines by the glass.A must stop when you are in Scottsdale!
I've lived near Old Town Scottsdale for years and in all that time I've never really taken to the streets by foot, aside from a weekly visit to the Farmers Market. At first glance you ask yourself how many Indian jewelry shops can the area possibly sustain? Well the answer is, the turquoise market in Old Town seems to be doing quite well. So it was on a recent exploration trip that we happened upon David's Hamburger's and Mexican Food. So for me the idea of killer burger and tasty Mexican good is a match made in heaven, were talking major food groups here. Tucked between 2 galleries, David's is a blink and you'll miss it kind of place, very unassuming and humble. Inside you won't be wowed by the interior design but what they do have is functional and comfortable. With TV's at both ends of the hall like space, you'll be entertained by performance videos of 50's era rock 'n roll. I usually don't write much about soda pop, well never, but in this case the Cherry Coke ($1.95) was kind of special. When you order a Coke you can ask them to add a number of different flavorings from lemon and vanilla to chocolate and of course cherry. David's version is wonderfully fizzy and cuts through the richness of the upcoming meal. Of all the ways Mexican style meat is prepared, the grilled taste of beef is my all time favorite. If you enjoy this as much as I do then Id suggest the Carne Asada Nachos ($8.59). A massive pile of crunchy tortilla chips is covered in grilled beef strips, melted cheese, guacamole, sour cream and pico de gallo. While basic, I ate most of them myself leaving my partner to scraping the cheese off of the plate. If you'd like salsa on your chips, be sure to ask them to bring you bowls of green and red salsa. Now who doesn't like a big juicy hamburger? David's doesn't disappoint with David's Single ($5.99), say that 2 times fast. A 1/3lb patty topped with the usual suspects, then dressed with David's creamy sauce which to me was a thick version of Thousand Isle dressing, adding a layer of tangy goodness. Along side you have your choice of fries or you can choose to upgrade ($.99) to a mix of large deep fried onion rings and golden French fries. For dipping I a side of David's sauce did the trick in lieu of ketchup. The Patty Melt ($7.25) is classic diner food. We're talking thick ground beef patty, melted cheese and grilled onions on your choice of grilled sourdough or rye bread. The wholesome grease from the beef patty and grilled onions is absorbed into the bread creating a creamy like texture, for me this is what a patty melt is all about. Of course the Guacamole Burger ($6.25) with its pepper jack cheese, bacon and guacamole is the marriage of Mexican and American influence. If you're an early riser, David's also serves breakfast like Bacon Pancakes ($6.75) and Coconut Waffles ($6.25). Someone please pass the syrup. My only question, where is the breakfast burrito?
Received two more messages from "Iolanda" this morning.  Thought some of you might get a kick out of reading them.  I'm definitely never going back to 98 South.  Hope this info helps some of you...  BTW, don't you just love orangeheads??  Doling out insults are so much easier when hiding behind a mask!19 minutes ago: Obviously rebuttal is not your friend but jealously is your neighbor......9 minutes ago: Thought the drink was for your gentleman friend but your the one that had to abandoned it.....You really shouldn't have your picture posted ......pug!!! I mean easy target....Lets go west side .............yeppie!!!
I want to make love to a cream puff sundae.  Maybe even marry one.  They're that good.  Other than totally awesome desserts, this pace is a dump. The g-damn flickering fluorescent lights give me a headache.Go there for dessert, inhale it before the flickering lights give you a seizure then run before you get sucked into a shit-hole linoleum time-warp.
Totally excited to try this place out, my grandparents, my mom and I (4 of us) came here for some Korean food. It wasn't too busy; just pairs of people from nearby offices coming in and out. Unlike other Korean restaurants, their lunch special selection is very limited. Special A  consists of a sushi roll with a soda, special B = teriyaki beef/chicken (no soda), or special C, Korean BBQ Spicy Chicken. As we were looking at the "lunch special" board, the lady behind the counter insisted that we should look at their full price menu instead. Here comes the awkward part: she then asked my mom "are you Chinese?" Even though she is, my mum looked at me all puzzled as in "what does that mean?" The lady proceeded by pointing at the "seafood pancake" section on the menu and saying "I don't know why but you Chinese like this pancake a lot." Good thing my mom didn't hear what she said.. or else... So we got the Spicy Chicken lunch special ($6.99), a bulgogi ($6.99), and a beef yakisoba ($7.19). The cool thing about this place is that it has a mini "kimchi" buffet bar, with trays of marinated tofu, potato, bean sprout, kimchi, broccoli and some other vegetables. It also has this delicious house special hot sauce. By the time we finished a dish of kimchi, the food came, so it didn't take long. The spicy chicken, came in a bowl about the size of an instant-noodle bowl (but slightly deeper), was tender, with rice underneath it. The chicken was definitely marinated well; however, the last couple of pieces had tendons and big chunks of fat... what a bad way to end it. The bulgogi also came in a bowl, with rice underneath. The beef was definitely not marinated fully. The color was super light and the beef was close to tasteless. The biggest disappointment, food-wise, was the beef yakisoba. The noodles, occupying most of the Styrofoam lunch box, were sweet. Then there was an ice-cream scoop of rice, topped with 3 pieces, I kid you not, THREE pieces of dog-tag-sized, super-dry meat. In the end, we just decided to bring the barely-touched yakisoba home for my younger brother (well, teenage boys tend to eat everything...). While my mom transfered the noodles to the plastic bowl (since the Styrofoam box was lidless), I went to ask for a plastic cover. This is the best part: the same lady, stared at me, pointed at the salad bar and said "you can't take that home". I thought there was a miscommunication, so I asked again for a lid for the noodles. Again, she pointed at the salad bar and said "you are not allowed to take the kimchi home". Wow seriously? Just b/c my grandparents are Chinese you assumed we were stashing kimchi in a bowl and trying to sneak it out? "Look, I just want to take my noodles home, ok?" She hesitantly gave me a lid."Hey, hey you. we chineness peple no steal kimchi becuz Confucius say 'no stealing kimchi'"... only if I said that to her face...Oh, and when we got home, my brother, aka our food dumpster, took a bite of the yakisoba and never touched it again.  Conclusion: If you want amazing Korean food and friendly customer service, please just go to Chodang. Chodang is WAYYY BETTER, hands down
Don't get me wrong, White Chocolate Grill is good and definitely a place I will go back to, but there is something that just doesn't click. Everything tastes good and the service is fast and efficient but it is more of a relaxed dinner that a meal you get excited about. I can't say for everyone I really don't like waiting a half hour for a table. Call me impatient I don't care,  I really do not think many restaurants deserve that title even on a Friday night. I do love that they have an entire menu for gluten free diners. It's so hard to find gluten free in restaurants don't even mention an entire menu! I was impressed! I ended up splitting artichokes with parmesan (ask for no bread crumbs) with my mom and got myself a chicken caesar. Both were decent. We did end up ordering a gluten free chocolate soufflé (make sure to specify that you want it gluten free because they had a normal version as well) which was amazing and I would definitely go there just for that. Overall a good family weeknight restaurant that is that is above average meal. Definitely a place to go if you have celiacs or are gluten intolerant.
Just a quick update.... Took my parents here for lunch today, and now I have 2 more converts! If anyone is still sleeping on this place, shame on you; you're really missing out. Why? DELICIOUS food made from QUALITY ingredients and FRESHLY prepared hot to order. Good stuff all around!
I am always on the prowl for a good burger so when I heard there was a new burger place in Tempe I knew I had to try it out.The boyfriend and I went to Lobby's on a Friday night. It was not busy but the location doesn't really lend itself to busy. So we were able to walk right in and order. It's an order at the counter and grab a seat kinda place. We both ordered cheeseburgers and got an order of fries to share. I liked that the burgers were not pre-made frozen patties. They threw down two hunks of beef on the grill.The burgers were tasty, a nice size - not too big, not too small - and the fixin's were fresh. So was the bun. The fries were crinkle cut but they were crispy and good.The atmosphere was fine, good for a quick sit-down and the staff was friendly.I hope they can survive in this location because they are worth a repeat visit for sure.
great salads and burgers!
Fuego Bistro is one of my new favorites! A couple people have recommended it to me, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it for restaurant week. We arrived about 15 minutes before our reservation to have a drink on the patio. The staff was super welcoming and friendly. Matt enjoyed a mai tai and I had a red sangria - both very refreshing. Our table was ready right on time and we had an awesome waitress who gave great suggestions on ordering... there were so many good looking options on their restaurant week menu. We're sharers, so we ordered with that in mind. Drinks: We got the pomegranate mojito (very refreshing) and a peach-blood orange mojito (sweet, but very good)Starters: Signature empanadas: Tasty. The focus was the meat, I would have preferred more vegetables inside.Sauteed prawns: The star here were the sauces - delicious!Entrees: Cola Braised Short Ribs: AMAZING! Some of the best we've ever had. The short ribs were very tender and not fatty at all. The flavor was so good!Pernil Asado (shredded pork): So delicious!! I made little tacos with their fresh corn tortillas. Sides: Green chili cornbread casserole: A little drier than I had imagined, but great flavor. Maple chiliglazed carrots: The glaze didn't really stand out to me, but good as far as baby carrots go.Jalapeno creamed corn: I was pleasantly surprised - really enjoyed this one! Chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes: A great side with the short rib. Dessert: (By this point, we knew we'd need to be rolled out of the restaurant, but we HAD to have dessert since it was part of restaurant week). Chocolate chip bread pudding: Really good chocolate chip bread with scoops of malted chocolate crisp ice cream. This was a lot of food after that meal, but I savored the bites I had. The ice cream was excellent!Banana burrito: exactly what you'd picture with scoops of the same icecream - delicious! I can't wait to go back to Fuego and tell my friends about it. Great service, charming atmosphere, and excellent dishes.... Fuego is a winner!
Never thought I'd review a supermarket, but since it's tough times for alot of people out there, I'd like to share my 2 cents..First of all, you don't need a card.  The deals are for everyone and it makes it hassle-free during checkout.  Now, about the deals ~ I find that Albertsons has the lowest prices and best deals and you can find them amonst any product you're looking for.  It's WAY cheaper than Safeway for sure.This is what i found yesterday:  88 cents for 2 (yes two!) snicker bars or other comparable chocolate bars, $1 for a bag of lifesavor hard candies, and $14.99 for a 24 bottle case of coors light.  They also had 69 cent bags of frozen veggies that people were buying like crazy.  Also, this location has really good cuts of meat.  I'm Korean and was so excited that they had short ribs cut perfectly for Kalbi jjim (korean braised shortribs), and for $3.99 a pound, it was quite a deal!
Only three stars?  Wow--maybe it was the ambiance that sucks overall here--I don't know.  I actually didn't go here myself.  It was my wife.  She brought me home a cheese enchilada plate and it hit the spot--even lukewarm.All I know is that meal was better as a leftover than a lot of the fresh ones I've had at taquerias around the tri city area.  Makes me wonder how it would taste if it were nice and hot. . .Okay--challenge accepted.  I'll let you know.
I haven't yelped in about 2 months, and I was waiting for a place to either wow me or disgust me.  Well, this place was that bad. First impressions were all right -- the outside bar was neat w/ good views of downtown, and the fire pits were nice.  No beers on tap though; and seriously, what's with the hip-hop club DJ at 7:00 pm?  Come on guys, way too early for that.It wasn't too long before three of us were seated; and after about 10 minutes, our waitress came up and asked us whether we were ready to ... oh wait, that's right, no menus yet, good job.  O.k., so I ordered the Thai Spring rolls, which had a filling of lettuce, a single strip of carrot, and noodles.  Seriously?!  Main course, I ordered the curry, which turned out to be the worst curry in the world -- I don't even know if it was curry; it was more like a bowl of thick, yellow soup, with a few pieces of chicken and a couple of vegetables tossed in.  Yuck.  And then they only gave me a tiny bowl of rice.  I'm sorry, isn't it supposed to be the other way around?  My friends completely agreed with how bad the place was (I think they had some sort of stir fry, which they said was bland and pointless).So yeah, I don't recommend this place.  Instead, head a block over to The Roosevelt for some good beer on tap and some pretty good food.
Beaver Choice is an excellent place which I have had the chance to visit three or four times.  This is about as home-cooked as you can get in a restaurant.  It's like eating at Mom's house, if Mom happens to be Swedish.I've had a few of the entrees -- schnitzel cordon bleu, pork medallions, seared gravlax -- and all were delicious.  Especially the gravlax.The sides are also great, and you usually get three per meal.The poutine is perhaps not as good as what you'd get in Quebec, but it's easily the best I've had in Arizona.  The fact that they even have poutine wins this place a few points.I have also had the opportunity to try their dessert specialty, the Beaver Supreme.  This mess of chocolate, meringue, cream, mandarin orange, and possibly a few other things, is the sort of thing which you set out intending to only eat half in the first sitting, but ultimately find your free will diminished, invariably resulting in an empty dish and a fear of the onset of diabetes.Also, it seems one gentleman gave this place low marks for the long preparation time on a chicken wrap.  I just have to ask, why would anyone go to a Scandinavian restaurant and order a chicken wrap?  Can you imagine what would happen if you wander into a Viking camp and order a chicken wrap?  Your head would be off before you could recite one measly Odinian incantation.
YIKES!! Its a good thing that this place it a far drive for me - cuz it could spell trouble. If you ever have a craving for a real delight and want to really 'enjoy a silent moment'.....try one of their coconut, lemon or dark chocolate cupcakes. Honestly I didnt care how many calories are in them....I was weak in the knees. There is standing room only in this shop  - literally I think my bathroom is bigger -but a big thumbs up for the cupcakes, and kudos on their packaging!!. (its definitely built into the pricing!)
I've eaten a huge percentage of the food on Green's menu and I love it all. If nothing else, come here to try the Soynami's (vegan Blizzards). I'm not a fan of rice or soy ice cream but this stuff is amazingly good.The bowl meals are packed with great fresh vegetables. I mostly eat whole foods and don't consider the fake meats to be especially healthful, but I love to eat the fake meat here once in a while for the texture. It's so good. It's not exactly like the real thing, but it doesn't need to be. It's delicious as it is. There is always a huge variety of people eating here all the time. It's always packed, always hard to get a table. Good for Green Restaurant!Atmosphere: The restaurant is made with green materials. Every time we go they are showing the work of a different artist. It's college-indie and casual.The employees don't act super enthusiastic, but they're decent and polite and do a good job. I love the humor of whoever it is that writes up the food specials on the chalkboard. BTW, you can get vegan whipped cream here and it's SO GOOD!   :)
So, I avoided this place like the plague for the longest time.  No reason really, it just never caught my attention.  It always seemed to be empty, which led me to believe it must not be that great.  Well, don't judge a book until you walk in and try the spaghetti! The Bollo Neapolitan has been my favorite pasta so far and the steak sandwich is to die for.  I'm telling you- I never order steak sandwiches and I fell in love!   I've tried a few of the other pastas and they were ok, but the Bollo Neapolitan was my fav with the runner up being the Garlic Shrimp Pasta.Now for the Negatives.  The chicken on the pasta just never really tastes right to me.  I don't know what it is, but it has a very gamey taste.  The dishes I've tried without chicken have been far superior in my view.  Finally, I've never seen this place packed.  That can be a negative or a positive depending on my mood, but I would like to see a few more patrons.  So, if you don't want to wait in line at the other Italian joint in the AMC 30 complex (Macaroni Grill) or are looking for a non chain option, check out Neapolitan! The service has always been great too.Bottom Line: I'm glad to finally have a decent Italian choice when going to the movies at AMC 30.
Fine. Just fine. C+/B- average-- all around.    The decor was rustic and lodge-like, yet still open and modern.  No complaints here-- aesthetically pleasing and lacking the bright colors and loud mariachi music of more traditional Mexican restaurants.  The table we were sat at seemed to have been haphazardly wiped-- not totally clean. Our server was okay as well-- friendly enough, but seemed generally disinterested in her job and us and was not very knowledgable about the food she was serving. The food was fine.  The salsa served with the chips was totally fine-- fresh enough but not very flavorful-- a theme we would soon learn would repeat itself throughout our dining experience.  We started with the avocado egg rolls with cilantro honey dipping sauce.  These were the highlight of the meal-- the sweet sauce complimented the creamy avocado taste nicely.  My only qualm here was the $10.50 price tag for 2 standard sized egg rolls.  Seems a wee bit steep for what it was, but still very tasty.  I ordered the vegetarian tacos and they were good-- not wow, but good.  I appreciated the variety of vegetables and the fact that they had veggie tacos in the first place (many more standard Mexican restaurants do not).  I do wish they'd had more spices. The side of rice was pretty good, but not as flavorful as I'd like.  The veggie tacos are also served with some sort of pickled cabbage onion slaw (because the borracho beans that accompany the other dishes are cooked with bacon).  The slaw was also fine.  In general the food was acceptable, but a bit bland.  I should also mention that the portions are quite reasonable-- two smallish veggie tacos and a bit of rice and slaw.  Sometimes the portions as more traditional Mexican restaurants are absurdly gargantuan-- it was nice to see a normal sized and relatively healthy-seeming Mexican(ish) meal.Full disclosure here-- our visit to Black Chile was prompted by a card we'd received in the mail good for $20 off any meal.  So we figured it was worth a shot-- and it was, but maybe not a return visit.  Our bill (pre-discount) for the appetizer, 2 entrees, and two sodas came to $40.  If it wasn't at the Biltmore, I'd say it was a little steep, but considering its location, it's probably right on.  I'd go back if the food had wowed me, especially since it's in my neighborhood, but it didn't, so a repeat visit isn't likely.  There are enough solidly 4 and 5 star places in the vicinity that 3 stars doesn't generally make me a repeat customer.
Stopped there for breakfast. A cozy little place, with very friendly and smiling persons. Their house coffee is fine, but will have to go back for a dirty chai. I had also a bagel (just like any other). A nice drive through, and a good alternative to start the day!
BlahFood is boring and sub par in my bookThe ambiance is chill and super trendy ScottsdalishThe drinks are all old time drinks.  Think Slow Gin Fizzes, Rusty Nails and ManhattansThe service is good though
I really enjoy writing reviews praising a place for great food, service, ambiance, and value, or any combination of these. Unfortunately, this isn't one of those reviews. This is a fish story... No, not about the big one that got away. Nor is it about the time I was fly fishing with my dad and had to rescue him because he stepped in a deep hole and sank when his waders filled with water.... this is about the trout that saved the day.When my wife and I arrived at the Greene House, it was earlier in the evening, still happy hour, though we were there for dinner not appetizers. Checked-in with the hostess and were quoted a  quoted 30-45 minute wait for a table. We knew the place was popular so weren't upset with the wait as we were looking forward to a wonderful dinner.Went to the bar to order wine and that's when our disappointment started. We were sitting in plain view at the edge of the bar facing the entry and there were TWO bartenders,  In spite of this, in the 15 minutes we waited, occasionally waving and saying "excuse me" to get the bartenders' attention, we never even got so much as a Hi, and certainly not an opportunity to order a drink.I had only just told my wife I wasn't willing to wait another 15-30 minutes wine free when the hostess pleasantly surprised us by saying a table was ready. Our relief was short lived however.After being seated, it was approximately 5 minutes before our server came to the table. We ordered wine and water.Our wine and water came NINE minutes later... a total of over 30 minutes since we entered the restaurant before we received our first beverage.We skipped an appetizer, planning ahead for dessert, and for our entree ordered Rainbow Trout with a side of Truffle Parmesan Fries.Approximately 15 minutes later, our SIDE of Truffle Parmesan Fries showed up... sans trout. When asked about the missing trout, she said it'd be a few more minutes because the kitchen was backed up. When asked why she brought the side of fries, she said she thought we wanted them first, a leap of logic that totally escaped us. When our server said she could take the fries back "to keep them warm until our trout was ready", my wife and I looked at each other in amazement and made a spontaneous decision that given we were now STARVING, our original side of fries would serve us better as a hot appetizer than as a reheated side with dinner.Finally, a few minutes after our Truffle Parmesan Fries were gone, our trout arrived. As I indicated in the begining, it saved the day. The fish was fresh, perfectly prepared and exceptional.As good as the trout was however, is wasn't good enough to make us ever return to the Greene House. There is no reason any customer should suffer through such slow and uninspired service when there are at least a dozen restaurants within a 2 mile radius of this one (much less dozens more throughout the Phoeniz metro area), that are SIGNIFICANTLY more enjoyable. Spend your hard earned money somewhere else
5 stars? Definitely!Upon walking in, everything from the atmosphere, decor and staff was warm and inviting. We each ordered a 3 course meal, and agreed on different selections. The addition of a homemade mozzarella appetizer and an amazing dessert meant we each tasted 8 dishes that night. 8 amazingly unique and delicious dishes. We tasted from every section of their menu, including raw (butterfish and albacore), cooked (gnocchi and risotto), and meat (short rib and pork belly). Pretty much everything was "my favorite," and a couple of glasses of Barbara complemented the meal perfectly. It was pretty quiet on the night we visited... if I may make a suggestion it would be to GO GO GO to Crudo. Like, now.
what better way to end a perfect Spring training baseball day than with a marg, Mexican food and your girlfriends...the local in the group said this place would be crowded on a Sat night, so we weren't surprised with the wait time, but if a place is used to being crowded....they should have a better wait plan. if the bar is full (which it was for a bit), there is not much space to hang and wait, once we got to our table, our waitress spaced....got us water and then never came back. i liked the menu, as it spiced up some of the normal Mexican fare...like the shrimp chilaquiles with chipotle cream sauce that was great! the guac is good, but deceiving as it comes out in this huge mound served in a pestle...in actuality, there is a lot of lettuce on bottom then cup of guac. and my house margarita was more tangy mixer than tequila, kinda ick.i think this place has potential and i might try it again if i could do it on a weeknight, but for now it just gets my average.
I know this is going to be super girly but I love the peach beer at Four Peaks and the beer battered fries are amazing.
Thanks to Chris L's first review, OTFM has been on my list of places to go for quite some time.  Unfortunately, I just can't seem to get my act together on Saturday mornings.  Today was the day.  I was ready by 9 (am, not pm)!After a quick stop at the ATM, we were there, Yelp canvas bags in hand, and not disappointed.  I had to get that chocolate cherry bread from Phoenician Bakery.  I sampled an itsy, bitsy little piece and it was still like heaven exploded in my mouth.  We also purchased zucchini bread, honey (which I've already mixed with some mascarpone cheese and slathered on strawberries), grapefruit marmalade (yum), dates, and fresh flowers.The breakfast burritos from Gil's Taste of Taos were some damn good burritos.  Saving for next time...fresh produce (the lines were already long for McClendon's and I'm not one to wait for veggies) and everything else I wanted (like tamales).We saw our own Gabi K's other half wandering down the street too...he looked so lost without her:(  Hope he brought her some flowers.
Had the Korean Beef over white rice. What a great dish. Thin sliced beef in a garlic brown sauce with onions and great taste, served with a side of white rice. NOTHING over the top nothing trying to be something it is not. Just good food.
I've always had consistent quality of food and service here.  Standard menu....everything is a la carte.  I've been to this specific location about half a dozen times....I recommend City Hall or Mastro's (N. Scottsdale), over Morton's.  But between Fleming's and here, it's a tossup.  I would eat at either....but I would probably choose Fleming's over Morton's.
They try to be like In-N-Out, even down to the color scheme, but the burgers taste very different.  They offer cajun fries which have some extra seasoning, and if you ask for your fries "well done" they don't come out as soggy.  But if you're going with someone else, then one order of fries is all you'll need.  They give everyone huge helpings of fries and I'm never able to finish a single order so I just share it.  The burgers are excellent and the one thing that sets this place a part is the option to get fresh jalapenos on your burger.  Don't forget about breakfast!  This is where In-N-Out fails.  The breakfast burgers are great after a night of partying.
This really amounts to 3.5 stars.  I think after seeing all of the stellar reviews combined with my LOVE for Filipino food, my expectations were just too high.I took a few coworkers with me to check out the food and see if I had finally found a local Filipino eatery to curb my cravings.  Not so much.  The pancit (my favorite Filipino entree) seemed to lack flavor and/or seasoning.  I also wanted more meat and veggies - maybe that's just due to what I'm used to.  It was more just oily noodles and missed that flavor I wanted.  The good news is the pancit is cooked to order so it's very fresh and hot - just be prepared to wait a few minutes.I was also very excited to get some lumpia.  Again, not so much.  They were tiny with some mushed ingredients in them.  Also again, it may be just what I am used to, but I've always had ones which are longer with more fillings - stuff you can actually see and taste what's in them.On a positive note, the folks there are extremely friendly and helpful.  It makes me want to like it even more.  I'll go back and give it another go - I'll give the chicken adobo (my other favorite) a shot for some redemption.A few tips:*If you order pancit, order first because everyone's items are not brought out at once and the rest of your party will be waiting on you.*It is a small place - tough to fit the 5 of us.  There were only a few other tables to seat 2.I really wanted to like you Karey's Kitchen...
Potbelly, you have been handed the torch.It was a good ride Jimmy Johns, but you have no locations close to my newly purchased home.  Its not you, its me.  I promise.I love italian-style subs.  The Wreck at Potbelly is fantastic.  The Wreck salad is also great (for a salad).  This place is my new go to sub shack.
Honestly, I love cupcakes. Like I said in my Wicked Bakery review, eating a cupcake, unlike a slice of cake, gives one a sense of accomplishment. I like cupcakes. I like the sense of accomplishment you get from eating a cupcake. You may have had a hard day, but you finished an entire cupcake. That's validation. It makes me happy.Sprinkles is a great place to go for a sugar fix, but I have to say there are some negatives. I have had a dry cupcake there. They are a bit on the expensive side.The worst sin of all? Their red velvet is "a southern style light chocolate cake with a cream cheese frosting". I have to disagree. I don't detect any cream cheese flavor in that frosting.The first time I devoured a Sprinkles cupcake it was magical. I was particularly impressed with the black and white- "Belgian dark chocolate with creamy vanilla frosting". I was in a shoebox Los Angeles apartment and the cupcakes seemed of adequate size. The next time was the new location  am currently reviewing and they were consumed in a larger-than-shoebox Chandler house. They seemed a little small. The third time was in my car- a Subaru Baja, and the cupcakes, again seemed sizable. I'd have to think that consuming a Sprinkles cupcake in an SUV would not be a great idea- the cupcake to eating space ratio would be all off. For true cupcake validation, I'll drive the 35.9 miles to Wicked.Ok- you caught me. I might stop by for an emergency fix if I happen to be in the area, but I'll be thinking of Slade at Wicked... and I'll be consuming my confection in a small space.
On a cold winter day, the craving for hot comfort in a bowl makes a person do strange things. It found me driving to a kind of shady part of Mesa, while braving the cold winds in search of a perfect bowl of phò.My new holy grail of Vietnamese restaurants is Phú Thành, located in a rundown strip mall on Southern and Extension. A good Vietnamese restaurant is usually kind of old, slightly dingy and super cheap, and in this case all the basics were met and exceeded.Phú Thành is a no-frills kind of place. Inside it screams for a makeover. Though clearly from another era, it is clean and functional. The service is friendly and the kitchen is fast.There might be a slight familiarity here the owners of Phú Thành and my favorite central Vietnamese joint Da Vàng are brothers. The menus of the two places are almost identical, and they offer a lot.The No. 50 Chà Giò ($2) is what good Vietnamese cooking is all about. Two golden-brown, crunchy egg rolls filled with shrimp and pork are hands on and interactive. Served with a plate of lettuce leaves and herbs, you wrap the egg roll in lettuce and garnish with mint and cilantro, then dunk them into the house-made n?òc châm, a sweet and spicy dipping sauce. The fresh lettuce and herbs cut through the richness of the egg roll, which on its own might be slightly oily.Applying the same hands-on approach, the No. 54 Bánh Xèo ($3.95) replaces the rolls with a pan-fried rice flour crepe. The exterior is slightly crispy, while the soft interior is filled with shrimp and bean sprouts. Of all the Bánh Xèo I've tried, this version is by far my favorite. It's full of flavor and texture.Phó (pronounced like the bad word) is not only fun to say, but fun to eat. Eight versions of the noodle soup are offered, from traditional beef to chicken. Pay attention to the menu description when ordering since you might wind up with unfamiliar cuts of meat.I'm adventurous and love the textures of beef tendon and tripe, so I was in heaven when my steaming bowl of No. 1 Phò Phú Thành ($4.95) arrived. The broth was incredibly fragrant with clove and star anise. This really should be made into an air freshener.Along with the condiments at the table, the soup comes with a plateful of basil and bean sprouts. But also include limes and chilis to add texture, flavor and depth to your pho experience.For something hearty and comforting, the No. 7 Mì Bò Kho ($4.75) is a bowl of chewy egg noodles filled with a beef stew. Tender pieces of stewed carrots and beef grace the rich and complex flavors of the dark and tasty brew.If you're carbohydrate loading, order a slab of French bread to absorb all of the bone-warming elixir at the bottom of the bowl.For food like this, a little shady is worth the drive.
There's no better way to find out about a new eatery than to receive a gift card to one you've never been to (or heard of, for that matter). This happened to me when I received a gift card to Paradise Bakery. Being new to Phoenix, of course I Yelp'd it to find one nearby. I located this on on the SWC of Bell Rd and 7th Street while up at Sam's Club. Paradise Bakery has sandwiches, salads, soups, sides, and of course -- the bakery items! At this location, you can eat in or take out. I like the Turkey Bacon Bravo or the Turkey Cranberry with a side of their excellent mac 'n' cheese and a drink. Getting this combo also scores you a free cookie! This location is in the shopping area with a huge Target and many other stores, so the parking is hit or miss, depending on the time of day/week. And PB's prices are just a bit steep for what they serve...good food, but still a bit pricey.
Awesome loose leaf tea spot in the North Phoenix area. You can have a cup/pot of tea in-house, or buy a variety of teas to go.HUGE selection of loose leaf teas. If you're a tea fan, a visit to Souvia is a must-do.
I picked up some brownies as holiday treats this year and they did not disappoint! These are the richest, chocolatiest, moistest, biggest (3" square) brownies you will find! I'm tellin' ya! TOTALLY worth the drive to Gilbert - except they're taking their own holiday break right now, so you'll have to wait until after Jan. 4, 2010 to get your fix! Still, worth the drive and worth the wait!!
No question -- my FAVORITE burger in the valley!I first got turned on to Lobbys at a Yelp Office Hours -- http://www.yelp.com/biz/september-office-hours-at-lobbys-tempe#hrid:kQOElzgklMRbAyWS8LhVFw - - and by my check-ins, you can see i've frequented there since. I've tried a lot of other "great" burgers -- 5 Guys, Smashburger, etc - but IMHO, none of them stack up to the food and the experience at Lobbys. The burgers at Lobbys are so good that I crave them --I want to drive across town or plan out my day so that I'm in the area to get one! I just feel that there's more quality ingredients with a Lobbys burger -- the bun, the taste, the way the cheese melts over the whole patty, the special sauce, and the burger itself. And just as Lynn W says the service is truly superior here and " He (Lobby) really cares about his business and it shows". I've recommended many friends to check out Lobbys and have brought a few friends here -- everyone has loved it! Especially my Chicago friends that live in the valley. Lobbys burgers is that raised bar that I measure all other burger joints to.
I love minimalism.  If you can class up a place with a less-is-more approach, then you've exceeded the abilities of 95% of the American population.  Fortunately for the Cen Pholks Lisa G has this aptitude that transcends through her decor and into her simplistic, but delicious organic food.Now, here's my deal: you put prosciutto on your menu and and I'm gonna get b-boy on your hardwood floors like Ozone in Breakin' 2.  Lisa G's breakbeats the hell out of their prosciutto sandwich with caramelized onions, parm cheese, fig jam, and arugula on an Italian loaf.  A side of balls and their Alamos Ridge Malbec and I'm fresh.Service?  Never had a bad experience, but who cares?  The food outshines any flaws of a young dine-in.
Anyone who asks, "are you a vegan to lose weight?" should come to Green and eat their words. And everything else.In fact, I usually end up at Green with non-vegetarian friends because they claim that it's "Food you can eat that I actually like." Every dish is addictive, flavorful, saucy, and filling. Classic hits include the chicken thai peanut bowl, the singapore tofu bowl (although the mock meats are a shame to miss out on), the vegan BBQ chicken sammich (I just watched a carnivorous friend down this with the delight and voracity of a young velociraptor), and then there are the eternally awesome specials.Even though you'll probably be stuffed post-meal... make room for dessert. It's mind over matter anyway. Order a Tsoynami - they're like McFlurries with vegan ice cream and epic swirl ins. Standouts include Tsoynamis  filled with anything from frozen chocolate fudge, bananas, kitkats, hazlenut brittle, mint oreos and more.On a another note, this is also the only strictly vegan restaurant in the Tempe/Scottsdale area with a lively, hip atmosphere. Even if you love steak more than anything in the world (and there are steak po'boys, might I add) at least stop by for a chocolate chip cookie and check out the awesomeness of the place.
When a man falls in love, it's a special thing. Not because his calloused hands and heart are finally softening. Not even because he has found something that completes his very living soul. It's special because he is simply, and utterly....happy.Ladies and Gentleman of Yelp....I have found the pizza that makes me happy.I heard all the hype..."best pizza in the country", "Oprah says it's the best", "The Food Network hypes it up", "Chris Bianco learned how to make pizza from Jesus". Ok, I made up the last one.My friend and pizza aficionado, Lance has been known to drive in from Los Angeles...just for this pizza, and then he would drive home. Sometimes, he'd even fly in. It had to be good, right? Tonight, I chose Pizzeria Bianco for my birthday dinner because of the hype. I had made a pathetic attempt to dine here once, but myself and the individual I was with, we both were intimidated by the 3 hour wait. Is any pizza worth three hours? That's a personal judgment call. That night, I ended up dining at Nobuo, across the path....and it was a nice meal.I digress. I've been preparing for this trip. I read up on various press articles, and discovered that as of last week, they are open for lunch AND Mondays! Perfect. Tonight, I dined with my parents. My favorite dining companions. We sat down in the very intimate dining space. No wait at all. Perhaps, people don't know that they are open on Mondays. Fine by me.The decor is nice. Simple, with a classic cucina feel. The brick oven is the star of this place. Clearly.We ordered some bread to get started. It came with a little cup of high end olive oil. Fantastic! The crust was crisp, and the bread was chewy to the point where you can't help but smile when you eat this.The pizza is phenomenal. We ordered two pizzas (for three people). One was half Rosa and half Margherita, the other was the Biancoverde.  This way we were able to try three different kinds of pizza .All three styles were phenomenal. The winner of the three was the Margherita. The tomato sauce doesn't overpower, the mozzarella melts like a dream, and a hint of basil. The Rosa was unique, and also delicious. The Arizona pistachios take some getting used to, but pairs well with the red onion. The Biancoverde was much more complex. Definitely a hearty pizza because of the ricotta cheese. Very tasty. It's topped with arugala, so you will get a nice earthy, and loud flavor. Usually when I eat pizza, I take a bite of the crust, and then I leave the rest. Not here. I went through the entire pizza slice because it's perfect. Chewy, crispy, and full of happy!Take it from me....this place is worth the hype. Look at the reviews from other Yelpers. Even the picky ones love this place.Maybe it's true. Maybe Chris Bianco did learn how to make pizza from Jesus. Sure as hell tastes like it.Now if you are wondering about the other stuff, it was also a five star experience: staff friendly and attentive, and the bathrooms are spotless.Worth the 3 hour wait? YES. Bring all your friends here? YES. Will I guarantee the awesome? YES.#300
It seems totally unbelievable that, not only did I hang out for more than an hour at a mall, but an outside one at that in 115-degree heat. I attribute my ability to withstand these two unfavorable conditions to two things:Bonnie Tea Infusion  It was Bonnie's choice to grab some drinks at what she described as a "great, independently owned tea shop" located at Tempe Marketplace. I'm not a tea connoisseur by any means, and I generally distrust fads (i.e., this silly-sounding thing called "boba" tea), but I agreed cause if  Bonnie likes it, it's gotta be worth checking out, right? Parking wasn't too much of a hassle on a Sunday afternoon, and we surprisingly got a space close to an entrance to the "District," just outside of Barnes and Noble. Inside, the shop looked much like a Starbucks - and I don't mean to imply that it was uninspired or anything. It was clean, modern and consisted of a long counter behind which two employees busily hand-mixed tea and smoothie concoctions, along with a few tables/chairs. The menu was extensive and separated into "black," "green" and "white" teas, any of which I could get hot or cold...I think. I picked the tropics white in iced form, and B got my second choice, a peach mix white. Both were pretty delicious. There was also a selection of sandwiches and snacks that I did not sample - next time. I also ran into a good friend there who was delighted by the fact that they had this mystical "boba," and so ordered a Chai-type version with blueberry-sized and -shaped balls floating on the bottom, and an oversized straw to facilitate sucking them up along with the drink. I tried one boba ball and it was gelatinous and chewy - not at all like what I expected - and an odd sensation, but I would totally order one the next time I'm in. Being in the District and flanked by stores like "Hottie Inc." and Guess, there were several teens inside hanging out in large numbers - boo. So, we decided to sit outside for as long as we could stand it. I was surprised to find that the several shaded tables and misters made for a pretty comfortable environment, and we hung out for a good hour or so before I got so sweaty I have to get mobile.  So, in summary, I would totally come back. Probably before or after a movie, to grab a drink and support an independent store among a mecca of chain retail. Plus, right across the way there is an ASU art gallery (closed Sunday and Monday) that we peeked into and actually cool, interesting sculpture art by local artist and asu instructor David Young.  Touche, the District at Tempe Marketplace - I have to say I am impressed!
ADORABLE PLACE!Wraps, Pastas, Salads, Pizza, Gelato, Pastries, Sodas and SuchSuper darling place that makes you feel so comfortable.  Looks like they have computers to use (i don't know if there is a charge). The inside is precious, decorated to the T-- not a single spot was missed.  Our food was placed on a silver tray and handed over to us to sit in a comfy booth and enjoy our wraps and pizza.  It was really good.  The place is just so darn adorable; it's hard to concentrate on the food when everything was so POSH while you NOSH.  Get it?
IF YOU HAVE KIDS YOU MUST READ!!!My husband and I have never been more insulted at a restaurant than tonight at the Hillstone Restaurant (Biltmore).This is the same restaurant group that includes Bandera and Houston's. We deliberately went out early-- at 5pm -- with another couple and our son. He started to fuss on and off during dinner. Mind you the restaurant was already noisy when the GM Miranda Geranios instructed us to leave; other patrons were complaining. That was news to us- and we've seen far worse outbursts in the past from children. Ironically, our son at that moment was playing happily with the other couple when she rudely asserted herself. We were in the middle of dinner and to add insult to injury, she didn't even offer to compensate us for a future visit without our little guy. Just go home without dinner and pay the bill. Of course, she herself has no children. To ask a repeat customer to leave is absolutely disgusting. We will never visit any of their establishments again and wanted to share our unfortunate experience with our friends who also know the challenges of having a family.
This place was real chill last night. I had been to the one in Downtown Phoenix quite a few times before and wasn't all to impressed, but this location is a whole 'nother animal.Plenty of space to do you.Something so rare in cramped up tiny Scottsdale. Crowd was alright and the bartenders we're super nice. Might have to swing through the next time I hit up Scottsdale.
I keep wanting to like this place.  I want to support a local business, and yet....Last year I took my two boys there after a theater performance (Greasepaint!   Excellent!), and after we placed our orders for lunch, I took out our SET game (it's a card game that does not use a traditional deck - great fun).  WIthin moments, the server was back at our table.  "You can't do that."  "What?  Play cards?  It's not gambling." (Maybe I was wrong, but living here, you start to assume that an objection to something must be religion based).  "The owners don't allow it."  "They don't allow it?  It's a matching game."  "No.  You'll have to put it away."Now.  I would understand not wanting us to sit and play cards if we'd finished eating and were just holding a table (assuming it was busy).   However, this was during the gap between ordering and eating.  I KNOW I should've just left then.  Instead, I made my kids happy and we stayed for lunch (and ice cream!).  A couple months ago I (foolishly) decided to try again.  Didn't bother with the cards this time.  The lousy thing this time was the mold on my son's bread.  They DID remove the sandwich from the bill, but eish.    I'd kind of like the "Restaurant Impossible" guy to come in here and give it an overhaul.  I don't mind the nostalgia stuff, but the place does need a solid going over.
Copper Star is a great example of adaptive use in the heart of the Melrose curve. Who would have thought that a building initially designed to provide fuel to cars would so work so well serving fuel to humans?Their coffee is locally roasted and, while not my favorite, is well above average in Phoenix. Their drive-thru is a great feature for those mornings when I'm running late. For the coffee adverse, Copper Star serves chai, tea, smoothies, Italian sodas, and some unique drinks including a black cherry limeade. Foodwise, there is a wide selection of baked goods,including some of the best bagels. They also have decent lunch offerings, such as sandwiches and a tasty hummus platter. But where they shine is their 'home baked' cupcakes. (I've seen Mayor Gordon here on several occasions getting his cupcake fix!) Despite being in a converted gas station/garage, the atmosphere is quite a bit more cozy than most of the other coffee shops in central Phoenix. While the sandblasted block walls and exposed ceiling let that building's industrial past peak through, this is offset by rotating art work and selection of comfortable (if a bit dingy) couches and easy chairs as well as small bistro tables and long 'work' tables to choose from. The staff is friendly and helpful, and the owner, Bill, is a great neighborhood resource. He can tell you anything and everything going on along 7th Ave.All in all a good place to grab a coffee and cupcake,  meet a friend or get some old fashioned reading done. I can't recommend it for serious work requiring internet access, however, as the wifi access remains intermittent at best.
Scuzy waiter. Scuzy manager. Overall just a bad experience. The food was pretty awful too. I don't understand how this place is so successful! The food was either waaaay over-seasoned of severely under-seasoned. A hole in the wall Chinese restaurant can produce better Chinese food. And at cheaper prices. Search around. It'll be well worth it.
My wife and I absolutely love this place.  Yes, it's a bit pricier... but yu get what you pay for: excellent food and service!  The patio is even cigar-friendly, which is a huge plus for us!  We visit often!
This place is a hit or miss. Hence why I would rate it as average.  I've been here so many times for lunch because it's so close to work and because coworkers would suggest it.  I've had all the curries and every time the spiciness is different even though I ask for a 3.  Sometimes it's not spicy at all and sometimes it's so spicy that my mouth burns.  I've had the eggplant with chicken, but the chicken isn't as moist and tender as I hoped meat would taste like. They chopped up the chicken in very small pieces and seemed overcooked.  I would stick with the different types of curries (red, green, yellow) though.  It's safer.  The curry sauce would seep into the meat and make it more tender. The curries can also be different textures.  I've had it where it's thick and creamy (the way I like it) or more watered down.  The lunch portions are pretty small, but I guess it's enough for a lunch meal.  Beware Swaddee's if you're not too comfortable with spicy.  Just order a lower number and you can add more chili if it's not spicy enough for you.  I still would recommend this place and try your luck with the food here.  You may get lucky and have a great meal.
I can't help but feel the same sentiment as Nathan S. - I sort of feel bad giving this place only 3 stars with all the other rave reviews. Let me start with the positives -  I love love that the place is so small and intimate.  Especially in comparison to most Valley restaurants that are just cavernous.  And with the European-style seating you have to get friendly with your neighbors.  Both of these things make this feel like a good NY restaurant. I also love the atmosphere and decor in general.  Very authentic Spanish, very laid back, not all hip and modern like most restaurants try to be these days. The service was extremely friendly, from the hostess to all of the waiters and waitresses and bus boys that came by. My husband really liked the Sangria (Tinto) - he said it wasn't very strong but tasted great. Indeed, all of the food tasted very good.  Our two favorite dishes happened to be the daily specials - the Eggplant Barcelona and the Turkish Custard dessert.  But the Tortilla Patatas and the Gambas and the Spinach with Garbanzos were all great as well. Now to the negatives -  Firstly, selection was dreadful all around.  The wine list was very minimal, and the very limited bar didn't help.  And there were only about 8 dishes to choose from.  When I go for Tapas, the whole point is having a wide variety of small plates to choose from! Every dish was DROWNED in oil.  Literally, bowls of oil.  The food just sat in my stomach afterwards, and I felt like I needed to take a shower to rid myself of all the grease. The sizes of the dishes were very inconsistent.  I know it's tapas, and I love me some tapas, but generally at tapas places I find you could likely split each dish three ways.  The Gambas and the Spinach were both huge piles that could have been split up to 4 ways.  But then the Tortilla Patatas was barely large enough to split two ways, and then our two favorite dishes - the Eggplant Barcelona and the Turkish Custard - were both smaller than a deck of cards and splitting them just two ways left us each with a single forkful of food.  There was a party of 4 next to us that put in 1 order of the Pork Tenderloin and the waitress said, "You should really get 2 or 3 orders of that so everyone can try some."  3 orders for 4 people to try it?! Then, right along with the food size is the price.  $90 (incl tip) for the 4 tapas mentioned above, plus a glass of sangria, 2 glasses of wine, the dessert, and an espresso.  2 of the tapas were one bite per person.  Yikes. The food, while good, was nothing outstanding.  There was no dish that made me stop and say "wow, now that is well done."  They were solid but not amazing.  (As opposed to the Lomo Embuchado at Cobras y Matadors in LA that I was ready to marry and make babies with).So all in all, I'd say a 3.5 star experience, rounded down because it just wasn't a 4 for me.  I can't help but compare this place to my favorite tapas place in the valley, Sol y Sombra in the DC Ranch, where they have a huge selection of fantastic wine (and a full bar) and a huge selection of delicious and much larger portioned tapas for the same price.
Well, I've been to Liberty Market several times now and it's time to add my two cents. Yes, I know, there are already 250+ Reviews, what more could I add? Don't worry, I'll stick to the facts; consider this the cliff-notes version.Take the first parking spot you can find or drive the the lot west of the building. Walk in, grab a menu, and get in line.  With all of the goodness on the menu, try to make your decision before you get to the register.  A few of my favorites1. CORTADITO - coffee drinkers, do NOT miss this one!  Cuban miro-latte, on the sweeter side, served in a pair of espresso shots or a bowl, perfection!2. Rancher Salad - steak, caramelized onions, blue cheese, arugula, do I have to keep going?3. Sweet Potato Salad - a unique salad, SO much better than your average potato salad4. Cinnamon Rolls the size of a human face, if you're into to that kind of thing, share with a friend, or four.there are more, but I promised to keep it short.Back to the line. As you're making up your mind, be ready to answer the number of people in your party so they can set you up with a table.  Try to resist the incredible looking, super-sized pastries and desserts in the case, or not, what the heck, just get it!.  Pay the friendly cashier, proceed to the fountain drink station to fill your glasses, and maneuver the maze of tables to find the one with your number.Just a few tips.  One, it can get a little noisy in there, so may not be the best place if you're planning a discussion over your meal. Two, LM gets busy and the staff is always trying to find a table for the guests in line by the time they finish at the register.  So, while the dining room attendants are friendly and attentive, they are definitely trying to turn the table as soon as you'll let them.And now you know what to expect.  If you don't like lines or loud places, this might not be your favorite place. Overall, delicious, fresh food and shinny, happy people to bring it to you.  Let's just say LM is enough to get me out of my five mile Ahwatukee radius, and that is hard to do! Now you know the scoop . . . I'm out!  Enjoy!
I put forth that we need to institute a new standard of measurement to be used for comparing coffee shops.  Furthermore, I think that Cartel Coffee Labs should use this place as a standard for this new unit of measurement.I have to assume it's called a "Coffee Lab" for a reason.  Too many coffee shops these days are retail stores, where coffee is an incidental thing in all the yelling, stupid names, and fancy colors.  If you look at the menu of Cartel Coffee Lab, there are a total of 13 items.  It's all about the coffee, plain and simple.Then again, there's really nothing simple about it to those who take their coffee as seriously as this place does.  The artistry of their baristas is not to be trifled with.  These people can make a latte so pretty, you really won't want to drink it (until you do, then you're happy you did).  On top of that, the selection of coffee varietals is impressive.  I've only tried one, but that alone was better than anything Starbucks tries to pawn off on the masses.  Perhaps the use of the term "Lab" is because they've actually stepped beyond anything any other coffee shop has done.  Either way, the formula that they came up with works better than anything I've come across before.Then again, maybe I'm being too hard on the other places.  It's not that they have an intrinsically inferior product, but the reason for these places has been lost behind t shirts and mugs and open mic nights and selling you a card containing the same money you'd use on the place anyway...I digress.  Cartel Coffee Labs is a great place with a fantastic product.  If their WiFi is weak or the back corner gets dark, I honestly don't care.  Their coffee is excellent and I'll be coming back for more.
This is a great place to go for a glass of wine and appetizers with your girlfriends. My girlfriends and I went there to celebrate one of our birthdays. We sat on the patio by the fireplace. Our waitress was awesome she let us try as many samples of wines that wanted to. The wines are very good and pretty inexpensive. As for the appetizers they were just ok. The bruschetta is good, but the spinach artichoke dip was tasteless. This place stands out for its ambiance, great tasting wine and good service!
Tweet tweet.  I decided to follow Market Bistro on Twitter just recently and am sure glad I did.  This company really knows how to treat their 'followers'. I have been a fan of Market Bistro for 2 years now, they have such a comfortable setting at both locations and the food is impeccable not to mention reasonably priced.I have always opted for the Market pizza, a dish that includes artichokes, large sundried tomatoes and a flat parmesean encrusted dough.  There hasn't been one time that I've visited Market and felt disappointed in portion size or my order.  I have such an appreciation for an establishment that takes pride in their food's ingredients, atmosphere and customer service methods.As for salads,  If you can take the 'heat' I would absolutely recommend the Arizona Salad.  The chipotle dressing, black beans, rice and tortilla crisps are a terrific blend of taste for your palette.  You will feel right at home here in the southwest with each and every bite.If you haven't already started your car or phoned in your order at Market, I'm 100% sure you are crazy.#BRAVO  (hashtagging seems appropriate here).
Sauce has grown on me... particularly this location since this is the one I frequently end up at for a quick lunch or casual dinner spot near home.I typically order chopped salads at lunch.  The chopped turkey & feta salad is what I had today.  I had them add asparagus, which was a great call if I may say so myself!  The large salad and fresh roll is the perfect lunch... fresh, filling, healthy enough, and pretty inexpensive when it comes to designer salads around town.  I also like the spinach, pancetta & goat cheese and the veggie & aged parmesan salads.  My husband eats at Sauce often as well... he goes for a salad or sandwich.  Last time we were there together, he had the salami, turkey, prosciutto & mozzarella panini.  I had a bite and was pleasantly surprised! It had a nice balance of thin sliced meat, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and tangy red wine vinegar in between two perfectly grilled pieces of bread.  The thin crust pizzas are pretty decent also.  Depending on your appetite, sharing a pizza and a salad with your companion can work out to be a satisfactory meal... What I like about Sauce the most? Fast, friendly, and efficient service in a clean and casual environment.  The moderate pricing is also a big plus in my book... especially in this economy.
The service here was awful, we waited patiently for over 15 minutes for our server to come by our table. Finally a hostess came by and noticed nobody was helping us and got us drinks. Another 15 minutes roll by and finally our server decides to make an appearance saying "have you guys decided yet on what you want?", uhh yeah!Overall, service was poor and food was just okay. Won't be going back.
It finally opened! The sign has been on the building for at least 3 seasons, maybe more, but the wait was worth it. We needed a breakfast spot in this central area sorely. The order system is like Pei Wei, line up and order at the counter get a number and sit down. Bad news, the wait was long, the good news, the food is great. I guess, I revealed that I'm impatient and want instant gratification. Thank God that they gave me a cup for coffee after we ordered and got our number to pin on the table on those "Alligator Clips". Every time I use those things, I flash back to the early 70's using those clips for that last toke that then gave the super munchies.Coffee, $2.50 a cup for a bottomless cup with plenty of choices and in a to go cup. Atmosphere.....very hip look, open ceilings, nice patio, great colors and great sayings on the wall to remind us of cool sayings to remember while we nosh. Breakfast came pretty quickly considering how many people were in the restaurant . I had a breakfast burrito that was plump and was plenty of food. I just hoped for more....maybe those alligator clips reminded me of the munchies of the 70's. Sandra had a cinnamon roll and although I thought it could have been bigger....she enjoyed and said "It was fine and filling".Saw several friends there, all overweight and they said the portions were very satisfying. This is stupid but I love it. The Dyson hand dryers in the bathroom. They are the best. I'll be back for more and they can earn that fifth star I'm sure.
This place used to be really good, but it just is not the same. The price is now the same as a sit down Mexican restaurant with real plates, and the food is microwaved and served like a fast food place. The things that are deep fried are greasy, and the things that are microwaved are tough. The prices just don't fit anymore, and that might be the location, and landlord problems. I miss the old day's  There is no way Maria Munoz would ever consider the way the food is made today. The food, while it is still good, is over priced and microwaved. Real sad, and the amount of people going there is in decline.
I really like this place. I spent 2 years in Honolulu and used to eat at this great little place in China Town. I have been craving that food since I got off the plane to move back to Phoenix. Well, I found China Chili and I am SO glad I did! The Honey Walnut Prawns are so  yummy! The fried rice and lo-mein noodles are smoky tasting, and hot out of the wok. Is it healthy? Maybe not. Is it non-greasy? Um... not really. Is it delicious when you're craving some really filling Chinese food? Yes. I wish it were closer to my place so I could have it more often, but I'm sure I'm sparing my waistline of more issues!
You know when you make a copy of the original and its not quite the same? Juts a little fuzzy around the edges, not as sharp but usable? That is how I felt at the new location of Market Bistro. Similar vibe that I enjoy at the original isn't quite as pulled together at this location. Maybe the lack of a lounging area or the weird particle board chic tables? Or the fact that every table was dirty except one by the blast furnace (front entrance).. maybe the grease dripping on the glass in front of the grill? No forks? I'm sorry if I sound like a banging on MB.. but these are things that can be improved on. The Mr and I shared a salad and a Cuban sandwich.. the control freak in me of course got off on the salad making.. this was probably the best salad Ive made to date.. you should be able to patent your creations! The Cuban sandwich was okay.. the ciabatta rolls are so thick and chewy that when you take a bite the toppings sort of fire out the back.. for a Cuban sandwich I think it had some sort of Asian spice, like cardemom?? Anyway, the Mr didn't like it at all. This being his first time he was confused as to why I went on and on until he took a bite of my patent pending salad, then it all made sense to him. The salads are just so complete and delicious!I look forward to coming again.. I just hope that they can make a perfect copy of the original or go for a different feel entirely.
Went there for my birthday .... Another quality insured restaurant, it is inside of Four Seasons, it cannot go wrong .... The restaurant is very classy with a nice and upscale environment .... and most of all with a very nice view to the phoenix area The service is definitely top-notch and food was excellence as well. Had the sea bass and the filet mignon .... both were yummy .... and customized birthday desert as well .... Will go back for a visit for sure ... Also if you are in Talavera, don't forget to grab a drink in the patio as well .... they have live music and watching the birds flying around the mountain (the resort is built into the mountain) was quite a view
I was one of a party of 13 for a birthday party on Saturday night.  Yep, I was odd man out again and in more ways than one as I will note in a bit.  We got started a bit after 7 and first we got our drinks and spent some time chatting and reading the menus.  Most of the folks there had been there several times before.  Everybody but me wanted pizza and wings so I ordered fettuccine Alfredo ($18.95) with salad and garlic knots.  I know it's un American not to be a fan of pizza and wings.  Their antipasta arrived and I sipped on my beer.  Then the pizzas came, then the wings followed by my pasta.  Somehow my order got separated from the rest and I had to ask for my salad and bread which finally came last.  The side salad wasn't earth shattering but was solid and the garlic knots were nice warm pieces of bread.  The pasta was delicious.  I mentioned I was not a fan of pizza or wings but I was coerced in to trying both a pepperoni pizza slice and a couple of Giovanni wings.  Both were really good, the pizza was a thin  crisp in spots crust.  The wings had none of the heat I normally associate with wings.  I had to take some of the pasta and bread home with me.  After dinner there was warm Zepellies and the birthday girl got this huge ice cream/brownie/whipped cream thing which her husband and I finished most of.  If you followed along, you will note I ate a lot of different stuff and I paid for it for several hours afterward.For a large party we got quite good service except for my salad arriving late.  I just had the one beer (25oz) but most of the women were there to get their drink on and amongst them had several different mixed drinks and with one exception (weak) all were done well.This is a big sprawling place with 2 bars and more TVs than I have seen outside of Vegas.  The original space which is sort of set off from the rest of the area has pool tables and darts.  There is a good sized outdoor area too.
I am not happy with the co worker who introduced me to Forefathers.  Do I really need another way to feed my addiction to cheesy, beefy goodness?  Of course I do!This small restaurant in a Tempe strip mall has earned a special place in my heart.  No, not just because of the artery-strengthening cheese.  It is home to the best cheesesteak I have experienced since moving to AZ.While the menu offers a variety of choices other than cheesesteak sandwiches (chicken and even *gasp!* salads), I stick with what I know and love:Regular with Cheez Wiz ($7.35) - bring your appetite, because this sandwich is big!  A generous portion of thinly sliced meat and that oh so important Cheez Wiz is nestled within a soft bun.  It is gooey, drippy and messy.  Perfect.  If Wiz is not for you, it is also offered with white American cheese, Provolone or Mozzarella.  While I prefer mine with just the basic meat and cheese, you healthy types can also get any combination of 'OMG' - onions, mushrooms and green peppers.Fries are a very nice compliment to the sandwich.  Let's be honest here, fries are a very nice compliment to nearly anything.  Forefathers' fries ($2.55) are hot, salty and crisp.  If you haven't gotten your fill of Wiz on your sandwich, you can turn those fries into Cheese Fries ($2.95).  Either way, be sure to grab a container of 'fry sauce' (I am guessing this is some blend of ketchup and mayo).  One taste and you will want to put this on everything.  Lucky for me and my cholesterol level, this gem is nowhere near where I live.
Finding this quaint location wasn't to hard... i like that there is a parking lot right north of the place... as well as street parking :) you walk in the place and wow... its a completely different atmosphere... low lighting but in a calming way rather than creepy... they have a DJ.. the music makes the setting but to be honest it was a little odd for my taste,,, Our waitress was very nice and helpful... automatically served us cucumber water... (which tastes amazing!!) and then asked for our drink orders ... a good waitress can seriously turn everything upside down or completely make your visit ya know... its a pet peeve of mine.. customer service... every table had a pink candle lit... pink lights hung above the chefs area... it was just so relaxing! the mirrors on the wall around this cool looking splatter painting... i was diggin it... everything on their menu is served as appetizers... which kinda sucks.. they are all at least 6-12 bucks at least ... from what i saw.. and the waitress said that they recommend for people to get at least 2-3 a piece.... wow, on top of drinks.. its kinda pricey to me.. good thing we shared everything... the lemongrass chicken (cant remember the full title) was amazing!! so good... the gyozo (dumplings) were alright.. a little too minty for my taste... we had this other thing where they bring you the hot stone and you cook your own meat... it was alright but the stone only stayed hot enough to cook the meat med rare... i don't like my meat to moo at me... so its was alright... but i prefer it well done... the beef wrapped in grape leaves.. well i was soo excited to try them.. but was sadly disappointed... they were so fiery hot (spicy) that i almost had tears in my eyes... never did it say on the menu .. SPICY... after a server came over and saw us gasping for water.. he filled us up and said, oh yea those are pretty spicy... wow good thing i had my TUMS lol over all The atmosphere was amazing..... the staff was fabulous... the food... eh... the menu is crap... if your gonna serve spicy food you should say its spicy! isn't that some sort of health hazard?! and its kinda on the pricey side... i think i would go back again... But i don't think i would opt to... there are alot more dishes i would like to try... maybe a different location would be better?
One of my favorite aspects of this Central Phoenix wine bar is that it is still somewhat "undiscovered," aka not teeming with hipsters and young professionals on a Thursday evening after work. It stays busy, but not jam packed. Their Happy Hour is great, nice $5 small plate options, and you must try their cherry lemon drop martini. Seriously delicious. Get a ride from someone, because you'll probably want another :) The decor is cool and they play French movies on a large screen in the back of the restaurant. I also have a special place in my heart for their awesome sweet potato fries! This place is a great option if you want a nice glass of wine and a bite to eat in Central Phoenix but don't want to brave the Postino crowds.
Even for meat eaters, Green has a lot to love. A lot more than just tofu! I go here at least a couple times a month for lunch and it's spectacular 95% of the time. A few of our favorite items are the BBQ "Chicken" sandwich, Thee Argentine sandwich, the crab puffs and of course, the Tsoynamis. Everything is fairly priced ($8 for a sandwich, $7.50 for a bowl w/ your choice or rice or noodles). The only thing I don't particularly care for is the buffalo wings as I think they are far too salty. The ranch that it comes with is fantastic, though. Also, if you get something with cheese make sure to use Daiya instead of Teese. Daiya tastes much better, in my opinion.The atmosphere is very artsy. There are always paintings for sale and there are a bunch of old car doors and hub caps over to one side. They just got a few booths which is fantastic if you want a little privacy. There is free wifi, a booshelf will all sorts of great reading, and the staff is always super friendly.Another great thing about Green is the vegan market. They have all sorts of great vegan foods and books for you to spoil yourself with. It's the only place I know of where you can find Teese, Food for Lovers Queso and Soy Curls. As an aside, I highly recommend Soy Curls as a healthy replacement to the meat in your fajitas or cheesesteaks.Another thing you absolutely must check out is their annual ThanksLIVING festival on Thanksgiving. They will load you up will all sorts of delicious and traditional Thankgsiving day food, veganized. "Turkey", stuffing, biscuits, brussels sprouts, asparagus, cranberry sauce, gravy, corn, pie and a drink. You'll get guest speakers, live music and local arts and crafts. Highly recommend.
Ohhhh, I like, I like!First of all, if you haven't seen Distrito, scope the photos on the website. High-five to the interior designer. From the gold glittery tables to the gumball wall, this place screams fun, energy, and overall a kick-ass atmosphere.I stayed at the Saguaro for five nights, so I had plenty of time to get my dinner (and breakfast!) on at Distrito. Actually, for dinner, I had room service but Distrito is where it came from. I was absolutely starving after a long plane ride, so I ordered the chicken tacos, guac, and a plantain appetizer, and it only took about 20 minutes to show up. Win.The chicken tacos were really, really good. Little corn tortillas, marinated chicken, slaw, radish, and a perfectly-sized slice of avocado. There were three of them and I could only eat two, but they were so well made. The plantain dish was also impressive, and had some black bean puree underneath that balanced out the sweetness of the plantains. The star of the show, however, was the guacamole. Tons of lime, zing, and flavor. I ate almost all of it and it was definitely worth it. Usually when I have guacamole it's just so-so and I have to add some spice, but this showed up completely perfect.When I had breakfast, things were also on point. They made me an egg white omelet with tons of vegetables inside, and my co-workers seemed to love other menu items like the pancakes and french toast, as well. If I lived in Scottsdale I'd definitely visit this place a time or two more. Consider me a fan!
Had to go into Scottsdale yet again, this time to the quaint Scottsdale Mall.  Well went there for a reason, after seeing Jewel of the Crown on PBS "Check Please", I was hungry for some Indian food. Monday night: not busy a couple people eating out on the patio, and a large Indian family eating there, seems like they were talking about the recent demise of Bin Laden and they had their children there eating and studying, so I imagine it was all owners family.  But they weren't annoying and well behaved.  Greeted immediately, felt welcomed and liked the look of the decor with a kind of strange old time piano music in the background, they served us some crispy, spicy rice (?) cracker with two sauces.  I really liked the taste of those.Ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (medium heat) and we also ordered, oh what is it called, chicken something with spinach, and garlic Nan bread.Chicken tikka masala was very nice, it came in a kind of pot that was still bubbling.  I like that, the only thing was I would have preferred more spice, so next time will go with hot and not medium.  The other dish was decent but could have used a bit more kick, but that was ordered mild so that was our error.Great iced tea, very refreshing and they kept it filled without asking.I wish I lived in this area, all the cool restaurants are in SCOTTSDALE!! Son of a mother, why is that the way it is?  Not fair.Anyways, enough about me, I would definitely go back, heck I would even go out of my way from Glendale to drive over and give it another try, it was definitely above average.  The food was hot and fresh, with nice ambiance and service.
For my hubby and I on a Saturday night Grimaldi's turned out to be pretty lame. The restaurant is decorated well and the hostess was friendly enough but the actual pizza was SOOOOO BORING. I seriously took a bite and wondered if I had missed the slice altogether. I will say I tasted a lot of garlic but that doesn't count for much when the pepporoni is bland and the sauce is useless. Now I'm a deep-dish girl at heart but I've had AMAZING thin slice at Classic Italian Pizza in Tempe. This place made me feel like I wasted my money and I woudn't ever want to bring anyone here including myself again!
I'm always on the lookout for cool places to bring out of town friends and this place seemed to fit the bill.  It's a sustainable farm that produces Arizona's only extra virgin olive oil.  I came in for lunch and as I pulled into the GRAVEL parking lot my stomach turned because I had expensive heels on and knew they were going to take a beating (I know, "waaah" right? But there are women out there that love their shoes as much as I do and will appreciate the heads-up).  Once I entered the Olive Mill I was delighted to see how adorably quaint it was inside.  The building was split in two, market on one side, bistro on the other with seating in between both and also outside.  The market had testers of all their products, great idea but the food testers didn't seem sanitary so I didn't try anything.  I ended up buying some awesome hand balm that I love.  They had a really great wine selection as well.  Alright so here's the bad part.  The entire time I was there, not one employee greeted me or cracked a smile.   There was one guy in particular that was going back and forth stocking shelves and was visibly annoyed by my presence.  When I went to order my sandwich, I remembered I got a free drink with my Yelp check-in.  The girl at the counter sighed and rolled her eyes as I scrambled through my purse to find my iphone and she said "forget it, I got it."  Their sandwich the "Kalamata" had its 15 seconds of fame on the food network so I was going to get that but opted for the "Lucca" at the last second because it has brie...I love brie more than I love most family members.  The sandwich was a disappointment.  All the ingredients were there but it was devoid of any flavor and I couldn't figure out why.  I probably won't be bringing any of my homies here but I will drop by to buy products, I fully support local businesses.
Matt's Big Breakfast is a wonderful place in the morning to feel the life of downtown Phoenix.  I have eaten there 5 times in the last year and each meal was worth the 10 to 20 minute wait out side on the sidewalk.  At 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, July 3, my wife Marie and I ventured downtown and decided to have breakfast out.  Matt's was on our mind.  We waited outside only 5 minutes before getting a table by the window next to the kitchen entry.  Busy place, but the service was great.  Quick with the coffee for Marie and ice tea for me.  Marie ordered an omelet with cheese and mushrooms, while I decided on the special, eggs benedict.  We both had the home fries. When everything arrived, the meal was very yummy.  Marie, in her delicate way, snarfed down her omelet with a smile.  My eggs benedict was on a fresh English muffin, topped with ham, poached eggs, and a yummy hollandaise sauce.  Calories be damned!The whole meal cost $22.53 + 4.00 tip.Yes the place is small and you'll most likely have a short wait for a table, but get over that, because the experience of eating good food prepared by great people is worth your time.
The message I received was drip is toast. I don't drink coffee... a terrible character fault, I know... but Gina and her partner are wonderful hosts and have made a cozy little space to serve delicious food and drinks (I get the chai tea with soy milk.) I like that computers are no where to be seen, only happy people eating and drinking and enjoying conversation. This is a lovely little place, a gem. I enjoy every visit. It is especially nice to bring new people in that haven't been before (so invite a friend to brunch because it is a nice surprise.) The service is great, the food is made fresh, and everything I've tried is delicious, even my five year old loved her nutella on toast. Good things come in small packages and toast illustrates this perfectly.
After living 2 blocks away for over a year, i finally took the jump and decided to deal with the long wait to try this place out.  Got there at 7:30 on a Tuesday night... 2.5 hour wait.  (To be expected, but still pretty ridiculous.)  Went next door to Bar Bianco, ordered a bottle of wine and patiently waited outside.  I think that the wait is part of the allure for people.  Also, after waiting hungry for 3 hours, the food becomes tastier because you are starving.  Finally get a table at 10:15.  Order the caprese salad and another bottle of wine.  The ingredients are very fresh.  The Mozz is excellent, the tomatoes are very very fresh and tasty and the basil was great as well.  The server didnt make any recommendations on wine or food.  A bit odd.  Given that the wait is 3 hours and that it's pricy for a pizza joint, you'd think that the service would be excellent.  Not at all the case.  This guy acts like everyone here is a regular.  The reality is that with 3 hour waits for a table, i don't have time to be a regular at this place. We ordered 2 pizzas to try.... Biancoverde and Wiseguy.  They were pretty good, again with good ingredients.  I wouldn't say it was the best pizza i've ever had, but very tasty.  Asked for some Balsamic to go with the Mozz and Tomatoes... had to ask the server 2 times, finally we snagged a food runner, she got it for us.  I shouldnt have to ask for something 3 times. I mean really, this place only has like 6 tables... pay attention to the guests.  I guess the moral here is that trying this place is all about the experience and saying that you've been there.  While Bianco is good you can go to Parlor or Cibo and get very good (comparable) pizza without a 3 hour wait.  Is it good, yes. Is it worth the wait, nope.
With a few hours past and a few tasks accomplished the next stop of my day would be at Pane Bianco - the sandwich shop from the Valley's most celebrated Chef, Chris Bianco.  Having made my pilgrimage to the eponymous pizzeria during my first trip to Phoenix, Pane had been on my radar since the day I moved to town but given the lunch-only hours and my office location in North Scottsdale I knew a weekend would be best and as luck would have it a new website (http://www.pizzeriabianco.com/) and seven day 11a-3p schedule had been rolled out just the week prior.Arriving at the surprisingly large space (especially when compared to Matt's and JoBot from earlier that day - and compared to Pizzeria Bianco as well) shortly after 11:30 and allocating parking in the free lot juxtaposing the Light Rail I debated for a moment whether dine-in or to-go was best and opting for the former made my way into the restaurant where two couples already sat.  Greeted by one of two servers it was suggested I could take "any seat I wanted" and opting for a bench in the center of the room where a menu awaited I sat down to browse the menu as well as the daily specials listed on the chalkboard - almost all sounding appealing, but a bit different than the Saturday special listed on the website.  With a small list of beverages available I was asked soon if I was ready to order or if I needed a few minutes I deferred and requested a glass of water that would never reach even half-empty despite me drinking from it consistently and the restaurant soon filling to capacity.Having debated the specials but eventually undeterred from the reason I'd come in the first place I soon placed my order for a sandwich and an 'appetizer' which I was told would be 'just a few minutes' and as while I waited I checked out the small market at the Take Away section featuring the famous focaccia, cans of tomatoes, dried pasta, and apparel before returning to my seat where my items would arrive shortly - the first a Manchego and Tomato Sauce Focaccia del Giorno featuring Bianco's delectable wood fired focaccia in all of its spongy glory topped with sweet, ripe tomatoes and an ample layer of briny Manchego; at $4.50 probably the most expensive "Grandma Slice" I've ever had yet at the same time also probably the best...or at least on par with that at DiFara in Brooklyn for best of its genre.Moving next to the original target of my desire, a sandwich of Bianco's House Made Mozzarella, Tomatoes, and Basil on Wood Fired Focaccia my first thought was "wow - that is a lot of cheese" while my second, after a bite, was "wow - that is a lot of flavor."  Perhaps as pure of a sandwich as you can find and the result of exquisite ingredients on top quality bread there is really nothing 'special' about the composition of this sandwich aside from the fact that it simply works - a largely unmanipulated masterpiece only improved by a touch of sea salt and cracked black pepper.Largely unaware on entering that Pane serves dessert it was with much delight that I realized soon after sitting down that three options were available that day and while the flourless chocolate cake I saw emerge from the kitchen to the table next to me looked quite nice there was simply no way I was passing up the Organic Vanilla Bean Rice Pudding with Candied Pecans - another simplistic stunner with creamy Arborio rice imbued with a rich vanilla custard flicked with whole vanilla beans and a few pecans for crunch.  Delicate and smooth, flavorful without being overly sweet, and *almost* thick enough to stand a spoon up straight it was not quite the best rice pudding I've ever had - but a top five contender without a shadow of a doubt - a reason in and of itself to return to Pane Bianco...though to be fair, if I returned it would take pretty spectacular daily specials to prevent me from ordering the exact same trio of items once again.  With Chris and his team now two for two it is only a matter of time before I make my way to Italian Restaurant... and honestly, that time is likely measured in hours and days as opposed to weeks and months.
Sundays are a good day to do, well, a whole lot of nothing.  After a successful day of avoiding anything useful or constructive, a friend and I decided to stop by for some Irish-style refreshments.  Located in what seems to be the World's Largest Strip Mall With Confusing Parking Lot, this is a very low-key enjoyable place.  It was not at all crowded on this particular afternoon, and as an added bonus, pints were Sunday bargain-priced at $3!  I tried my first ever Dirty Pear (Guinness on top of Ace Pear Cider) - dangerously good.  I wonder if it can be counted as a serving of fruit...You can't have an Irish bar without fish & chips, and theirs is pretty good - a large slab of lightly-battered fish which was more than enough for sharing, served with a stack of crisp french fries.  While I prefer thick-cut steak fries, these skinny ones were consumed with no problem whatsoever!  Thank you, Skeptical Chymist, for assisting me in my quest for non-productivity.
It's been a few months since I've been here, and what a change, not for the better. I usually get the same thing to start with, ceviche and pollo asado. Both are usually quite delicious, not this time.The ceviche had absolutely no flavor to it. As if the chef tried to make it as flavorless as possible. I did not finish it as it was not enjoyable in the least. Now for the tacos. Stale taco shells, dried and overcooked chicken, slopped on guac and no pico de gallo. The tacos were so bad I tried to rescue them by asking for pico de gallo, since they did not put any on, and then I was charged $1.00 extra. Of course, no manager was anywhere in sight. This place simply doesn't care. On the bright side, the margaritas and salsa are still good, but the chips were stale.Not only will I not return, but I can no longer recommend this place to businessmen from out of town. I see dozens of new business people every day who stay in Scottsdale and they always ask for Mexican food, and I've always said Cien Agaves. No more.
This place is one of the "dives in a strip mall" that seem so popular in this state. Today was not the first time that I have eaten here but, after reading some of the negative reviews, thought I would toss in my two cents..... I like to go here for lunch. They are prompt and the food is the perfect amount for lunch....maybe a bit too much. I am a creature of habit. Once I find that one thing that I love, I can't help but to run comparisons to other restaurants. Erawan has 2 items on it that I have to name as Best in Phoenix......Mint Chicken and their Tom Yum Gai soup. FYI, you can not get that soup on the weekends though. So, in short, this place is great for lunch and can't speak about how the service is any other time.
Decent gelato.  Some real, some artificial flavors.Comparable to Gelato Spot, I guess.Nowhere near the same league as Arlecchino, though. However, any place that doesn't use 100% real fruit, chocolate, etc... will never compare to Arlecchino.If you're already at Tempe Marketplace, MDG serves the purpose.
Durant's has that old, musty, dark, Mafia feel. Love the atmosphere and allure. We mainly sit at the bar, but have dined in. The happy hour specials are good, and we have tossed a few back here having great talks and enjoying the ambiance.Now for the bad: The food is overpriced for it's quality. The steaks look fatty, the salads wilted, and flavor pretty bland. It would probably be okay if we weren't looking at 20 plus dollars per entree. Back in the day, Durant's was very high end and elite, so I could see the pricing from that perspective. However, if they want to stay in the game, they need to keep the food up to par as well. 5 stars plus for ambiance, relaxation, a throw back feel, and great drinks! 1 star for food and food prices. However, a major landmark in Phoenix, so please check it out! We never know how long these staples will be around. I would just recommend going for drinks and maybe split an appetizer. It does ignite the "romantic mood" and will leave you reflecting on those "good old days".
When I left this place the bartender threw her fist up in the air and told me to go take on the world. How cool is that?I was impressed by how clean it was inside.  Plus they have craft beer on tap for $3.  Need I say more?
I first visited this restaurant after my friend pushed me to visit the Hawaiian festival at the Tempe Town Lake a few months ago."Big deal," I thought. "How can a Hawaiian festival be fun?"Well, the food was amazing. And after having half a rotisserie chicken, I was craving for more.A few days later, I finally began my search for the perfect (or near perfect) Hawaiian restaurant, in which I can satisfy my Hawaiian cravings.My first stop was Mai Island Grill, located in/near the Arizona State University campus. Parking was a bit of a challenge; this is especially true during the lunch hour.When I finally found a parking spot, I went in and ordered. I had the short ribs plate. The plates include one scoop of macaroni salad and steamed rice.After placing my order for the short ribs, I ordered the Spam musubi.The guy preparing food replied with a laugh."Is it good?" I askedJay -- the man who operates this restaurant -- replied, "Yes it's good." Then he said something about how the guy who laughs never laughs (or something like that).About 10 minutes later, my food was ready.The food was fantastic; just what I was looking for!The prices are very reasonable. Plates are about $10 and less.I also suggest that you try the fish, beef, grilled chicken, and pork katsu.And finally, I hope that this place continues to provide the same liberal portions. Also, I think it would be cool if Mai Island Grill began serving two scoops of macaroni salad and two scoops of rice (just a fantasy of mine).Additional Notes:- Cash Only.- Opens late in the morning and closes early in the afternoon (call for exact hours).- There never seems to be any "Lumpia!" :-/
The actual bar (especially the outdoor area) is really pleasant in the cooler months.  That being said its also near the university so can be overcrowded with snotty hipsters at times.  A good place to socialize with reasonable prices, and oysters, yum.
My first experience with PCG was at a small, yet fantastic Yelp event.  I've been back twice and have been just as impressed.The first time was for brunch, and I recommend the griddled corn cakes.  No, I just don't recommend them, I insist you have them.  Even if you are allergic to corn, take the plunge and try these...unless you might die, then stay away as that might be bad PR for PCG.  Topped with smoked ham (that's what I had), chicken, or bacon and served with maple syrup, it was beyond good.  I could eat this dish every day of my life.  The black beans were okay, but I do think the breakfast potatoes are nothing special and could be improved upon.  I was a big fan of a $4 mimosa, however!  Yep, you read that right...4 bucks!Second visit for dinner, and I ordered the cedar planked salmon.  A generous piece of fish perfectly cooked and served with a delicious lemon aioli.  The accompanying roasted beets were not my thing, and the mashed potatoes were okay (maybe I'm picky about potatoes?)  I also tried a bit of my dining companion's beef tenderloin and it was butter-knife tender (that's what I cut it with).  Served with a stuffed potato and mushrooms, I believe, it will most likely be my next entree.  For dessert, we shared the Jack Daniel's croissant bread pudding.  We actually shared half, and I most generously took the other half to my husband who I left at home.  Although, I generally don't care for bread pudding, this is NOT your typical bread pudding and probably the best bread pudding you can imagine (other than that one recipe that uses a dozen Krispy Kreme doughnuts).Although PCG is a little bit of a drive for me (outside my usual 5-mile maximum radius), I will happily make that drive and return again.
This is my favorite Sushi Spot in Phoenix. I see Sushi Chefs from other restaurants coming here to eat during their off time. =)The prices are very reasonable, and all of the rolls and sashimi are very fresh and crafted to perfection by the old timers.The Ramen Noodle Bowl is awesome, and nothing like what you would buy in the grocery store. It is topped with pork, fish cake, bamboo, and seaweed. I highly recommend.They even have a fried salmon skin roll, which was very flavorful and not always available at every establishment. I wish that i would have taken a picture of the last one that I purchased, it was absolutely perfect.They also offer Takoyaki, which is like an octopus dumpling ball. You would have no idea that it contained octopus unless you were familiar with the dish. these are absolutely amazing and highly addictive. You have to try these during your visit.The last time that I was there, I had to try the Ichigo Mochi Ice Cream. It was green tea ice cream, surrounded by a rice flour shell and topped with whipped cream. It really hit the spot and I was so full but in a happy and satisfying way.If you like Sushi, and you think that RA is cool, hit yourself on the head for being a complete fool and go check this place out and get schooled on what fresh authentic Sushi is all about. Your mouth will thank you for doing the right thing!Cheers and keep up the good work at the place.FYI... Bring your own Saki if you need booze with your meal. I say, just enjoy the good meal without alcohol and see how happy and relaxed the meal makes you feel.
China Garden is one of those places that I crave.  I use to live not far from here as I was going through high school and a few years after.  I now live in the surprise area but about every two months or so I go out of my way to China Garden for the yummy sesame chicken and teriyaki wings.  There sweet and sour pork is also something to be desired.  China Garden does Chinese food the way it was done in the late eighties and early nineties.  It's what I grew up knowing and came to love.  The sweet and sour pork has the wonderful breading and is left to soak in the sweet and sour sauce.  Chinese food by today's standards leaves me feeling bloated and disappointed so I pass it up more and more.   The only regret when I eat china garden is that it will be a while before I get to go back.The egg drop soup is also some of the best in the valley.  You have to go try it.I have been going here since 1994 and still love it.  P.S.they do take out and the portions are HUGE for the price
I Felt a sin coming on ....... if i could give 10 stars i would !!!!Let me set the scene for you of this Kazilicious Sunday night .....We enter through  a solid planked door set in the rear ...(oh yes thetruth is inside) candlelit passageway leads you into a sexy,sultrystone interior that is softened by the plush seating , dim lighting,wine barrels .. i give his hand a squeeze and smile because we havehit the mother load within this sinfully sexy speakeasy .The Tuscancolors coupled with the stone ..deep ,rich ,decadent !!! His hand onthe small of my back as we approach our seats as the intimacy andambiance takes hold .A bowl of olives, 3 cheese fondue with apple ,the Tuscany pizza....sexy damn noshes ..they know what they are doing here ..soft...firm....dip....bite ..yesssss SO beyond sexy here.....Oh and the wine ,nectar of the gods, sign of fertility , here in thissetting it is like Ambrosia ,and your inner God or Goddess will surelyblossom ,and romance will bloom ....It seems like thousands of labels here - we went with the  M.Chapoutier Le Sizeranne 98' ....Heady ,earthy ,smoky ,deep ,sweet andripe .the smell of currants and berries .lovely texture ,full bodied.....DIVINE ! let the flirting begin ..coy toying of the glass stem..sweet smiles ..love words escaping on a whisper  between sips.We spent around $200 ,worth every penny in my opinion .Prior to the Kaz , the Rokerij was just about the sexiest spot to mein the valley ...these two must share the crown .So to recap ; SEXY, SULTRY,SEDUCTIVE !!!!! posh,swank ...Good Service , lush wine selection ,yummy tidbits ...Ambiance up the wazoooo .A heady experience ..this is where lovers go ,a prelude to theinterlude of love !
Fun little place to just explore and TRY so many different samplings.    The staff was great and super friendly!  The lemon cupcakes were AMAZING!!!  Little tip:  buy a baguette to try all the great olive oils and tapenades
I went here with a party of 4 on Saturday night and it was surprisingly dead.  Not that that's a bad thing because I don't like crowds.  The place is pretty sheik but you still feel like you're in a hotel.  Service was fast and friendly but I think it was our waiter's first night or something.  He was very awkward but it was ok.I was pissed we couldn't get the happy hour menu/prices in the main dining room.  I know it is common practice for crowded places full of douchebags, but the bar and the main dining room were pretty empty so wtf?I'm a vodka guy and their vodka menu is pretty neat.  They have 8 or 9 unique vodkas from around the US and clearly list their name, where they are from and the price.  What I didn't like was their martinis.  Pretty much the worst I've ever had anywhere.  Tiny pours and full of ice chips.  It was like a vodka slushy (oh snap I think I just invented something!!!).Here is a rundown of the food:* bread to start - excellent...love the lightly buttered and salted top* tomato and mozzarella salad - excellent - one of the best i've ever had.  great dressing and ample balls of fresh mozzarella.* pretzel fondue - the pretzels were excellent but the fondue and mustard were no bueno.  the fondu was gritty and the mustard lacked the kick that I love on pretzels.* burger - pretty solid but nothing special* mac n' cheese with Shriner's sausage - very unique and very tasty.  it was worth having once but I wouldn't get it again.* tater tots - perfectly cooked.  salty/crunchy on the outside, fluffy on the inside.  The only thing that would have made these better is some type of aioli or other special dipping sauce other than ketchup.The main dishes of the other people in my party looked excellent.  I should have been more adventurous and gone with something more than a standard burger.  Maybe next time. I was going to give this place 3 stars but I just can't.  They try to think out of the box to create dishes that are unique, have fresh ingredients, and have a local twist.  I will return.
The hubs and I stroll through the indoor market when we are down at the farmer's market on the weekends.  They seem to have a good assortment of items, though the prices are quite high.  But I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt because they are a local business.  One morning we were at the farmer's market and decided to grab something for breakfast - its never a good idea to shop hungry :).  I got in line for coffee while the hubs ordered breakfast.  The coffee is fabulous!  I like my food simple - so when the hubs came back with an egg and cheese I wasn't looking for anything fancy (eggs, cheese, maybe a little butter, salt and pepper on some sort of bread product).  I quickly found out that this was some sort of a hipster egg and cheese. Lettuce on an egg and cheese?  Who does that?  There were also tomatoes, mustard and assorted spices.  I'm willing to admit that maybe its just me and my underdeveloped "simple" palette.  So if you are a hipster and you're hankering for an egg and cheese - this is your place. Regardless, be sure to get a cup of coffee, its awesome!
I went to Pei Wei last night for a casual girls' night dinner.  It was a perfect place for a group of girls to meet because of the following:-it's cheap-it's fast casual so each person pays their own bill and then sits down (no stress when the bill comes as is often the case with groups)-there is plenty to choose from on the menu-for those that are picky or dieting, they are great about special orders, sauce on the side, etc...That being said, Pei Wei is just average in my eyes; never my first choice of places to go, but I can always find something to eat... Last night I had the shrimp teriyaki bowl with brown rice.  The shrimp tasted like it came from the freezer (probably because it did), but the veggies, rice, and sauce were all pretty good.  I noticed they changed the menu a bit since my last visit, and a new 'special' is a Vietnamese Noodle Bowl - Pho type dish.  The chicken lettuce wraps and edamame are always safe bets and hopefully will remain on their menu forever.I'm sure I'll be back to Pei Wei because of the positive factors listed above - the concept is a good one, just don't compare it to a high end restaurant and enjoy it for what it is!PS - shout out to all the girls that came out last night - I had fun seeing all of you and can't wait for the next one!
Read al lthe hype, so decided to give Cyclo a try.  What a disappointment!  Portions were small and overpriced, owner thinks she's the next best thing to sliced bread.  She needs to go back to Vietnam to remember how real Vietnamese food is prepared.Give this place a miss.
I was in Phoenix for three weeks on a business trip and luckily found this spot on my 3rd day in town.  I ended up eating here 7 times in 21 days.  I brought my coworkers here, and they all ended up eating here at least 2-3 times.  It's just that good.So how good is it?  Lets just say that their tortilla soup was the only thing that could cure my horrible hangover after a long night in Scottsdale!I've eaten the fish tacos, fajitas, enchiladas, nachos, and tortilla soup.  All were exceptional!  They also bring out chips with salsa, as well as beans, which was a nice touch.The dining area is fairly small, but they do have an outside dining area as well.  The wait staff is very friendly, and they will get you drinks as soon as you sit down, which is something that more restaurants should do!  The food comes out very quickly, and they do have 2 TVs, one on either side of the dining room, which are usually tuned to a sporting event.I've been out of Phoenix for 3 months now and I miss Mi Pueblo!  I'll definitely be going back the next time that I'm in Phoenix!
Ok so us 5 hot chix got all dolled up for dinner at City Hall it was about 7 when we arrived on Saturday. The service was top notch from the get go starting with the valet. We were seated by a pleasant hostess in the large main room. Our waiter was an entertaining gentleman, that's one huge plus I have to say about Mastro's is they "usually" have seasoned wait staff they really know their product.They brought us the great basket of warm breads, we ordered bottled water for all and a bottle of some 06 Sauv Blanc that was mighty tasty. It was impossible to have an empty glass this night!Everyone had fillet's but me of course, I mainly had apps, side's, wine and desert ;) I did try the seared ahi tuna it was ok I wasn't too impressed with it though. Beefsteak tomato & mozz (see pics) very yummy! The creamed corn, sauteed asparagus and mash were all very good!! I couldn't talk anyone into the lobster mash or any caviar boohoo me. =(  Everyone loved their meal!!My g/f was coming back from the bathroom and missed a step or something somehow she lost her shoe but there was a busser or someone right behind her he picked it up for her and even put it back on for her! Now that is what I call 5 Star Service!!We had creme brle they served it with various fresh berries and a huge bowl of their fresh made whip cream yum-gasm's were had all around. While Mastro's is not my top choice since I am not a "Steakhouse kinda girl" it was all good stuff. They always play some  Michael Bubl and who doesn't just love him!?! It was about 3 bills total and we went home with doggy bags and full tummy's.P.S.  I had their sweet potato fries they were good but I like the ones at Fez better....just sayin. (O_o)
Trendy, Current, and a young 20s crowd. You know its trendy when you see all the waitress' in black fish net tights and short black dresses. You dine while they play a great music selection with lights all over! Its like eating at a lounge right before the place turns into a night club. Very city-like. Come for Happy hour!! I came here with 3 other classmates: Angela, Julie, and Natalie. When they said happy hour for sushi, I was thinking a low key place that was A-OK. I was completely wrong. This place is trendy and hip, which is unlike the suburbia of Mesa. During happy hour, my friend and I split the Calamari, Calamari Sushi Roll, chicken wings (6 pieces) and a Margarita, and it came out to $22. Not bad! I like the ambiance, and its definitely something I will be coming back to!
Let me first explain that we came to the place on a bad night...  Apparently, one of their regulars LITERALLY drank herself to death - spent a week in the hospital before whe finally died.  Instead of a funeral, her husband and family set up a memorial at her favorite bar...  The place was filled with long hugs and sobbing... all while the gal's husband was hammered and wobbled leaning on the end of the bar.  Sad, sad, sad, sad...... on SO many levels.........That said, we just tried to stay away from it all... and our server (Bobbi - hope I spelled it right) was really great in keeping happy, warm, and chatty.Ignoring the other patrons that night, then, this place is definitely a great little legit Irish pub (apparently the oldest in the Valley for you history nerds)!Firstly, they have all sorts of Irish food items (cottage pie, corned beef and cabbage, bangers and mash, beef stew, seafood, and they even have a boxty).  We tried a couple different things that were all tasty!Next, almost all of their beer taps are dedicates to Irish or UK beers (Guinness, Smithwick's, Harp, Kilkenny, Magner's, Newcastle, etc...)... and they know how to pour a stout!They didn't have live music that night (apparently, they normally have live Irish bands 6 nights a week)... but they played a great array of REAL Irish music the whole time!I read a couple reviews that claimed it's not an authentic Irish pub...... but I'm guessing these folks haven't spent a whole lot of time in Ireland?  Understand that ANY bar, in America, has to have cheeseburgers and chicken fingers - because you're not IN Ireland...  That said...... if a bar plays Irish music... has 7 of 10 taps dedicated to Irish and UK beers (with the other 3 Irish or UK STYLE like Killians, Kiltlifter, and Sam Adams)... has all SORTS of Irish food on the menu... real Irish signage (not shamrocks)... proper stout pours in two-parts... plays Irish sports on TV... supports the local Irish clubs..... what makes it NOT a legit Irish Pub?This place is about as legit Irish as you'll find in Arizona... and worth a visit!
UMMMMMMMM...can I just say that this place needs to get more action!  The pizzas here are FANTASTIC!!  I discovered this place because it opened above SACKS.  It is around the corner from my house and I am so thankful it is.  The whole restaurant is open...I wish it had a little more space, but that is ok.  First, the Tuscan Pie is to die for!!  It has prosciutto, Gorgonzola, apple, arugula, a fig marmalade and balsalmic vingerette reduction sauce drizzled on top...at least I think that is what it is...I need to check the menu...but anyways its FABULOUS!!!  I wish I could eat it everyday!  I tried their Moroccan Pizza before they took it off the menu and it was awesome too!  Every single salad is great and the wine and beer selection is great too!  The staff is so nice and friendly.  I get this to go all the time and bring it home...and I have shared this with my friends too.  I love good Italian pizza and its great!
I'm one of those people that loves frozen yogurt.  Anything that taste this great and is this guilt-free will get me every time.  The Golden Spoon has a variety of flavors of fro-yo, and each delicious flavor is only 88 calories per 4 ounces.  This is good news, my friends.On top of that, the price is very reasonable.  I got the mini (which is 4 ounces) and it rang up to $2.14.  When I compare it to Desert Swirl (your other choice of fro-yo on the Westside), this is extraordinarily more affordable.The service was not overly friendly, but just fine.  The ice cream chick was happy to give us some samples.I highly recommend the Heath flavored fro-yo.  Delicious.
You know how you poke fun at people who go to a steakhouse and they order something like chicken or seafood? I'm one of those people, but this time I teamed my seafood with STEAK!They had a prix fixe menu that carried over from their New Year's Eve dinner, but I skipped over that...I have to say, I loved my sirloin and 5 pieces of shrimp. Shrimp was done correctly - not rubbery or charred and *gasp* it was actually de-veined. I can't tell you how I've gone to nicer restaurants and their shrimp wasn't de-veined. So that alone got a little happy dance from me.Food was a bit on the salty side, but it didn't make me have a massive thirst craving when we left the restaurant. Server was friendly and knowledgeable, which was great!Hubby ordered his prime rib, but they didn't have it blue which was the way he wanted it. It's all good, they still brought him out some of the rarest prime rib I've seen in a long time...For an appetizer we ordered bacon wrapped scallops. I am a firm believer of 'bacon makes everything good!' and it did. The sauce that came with the dish was delicate and flavorful. The fresh rolls that came minutes before the entree was served were my favorite kind - light and fluffy on the inside while the outer layer had enough crunch that satisfied me, yet didn't make me feel like I was about to chip any teeth. ;)I can't wait to go back and try some of their other dishes!
leave it to corporate america to capitalize on a great idea (ipic) and roll it out, steamrolling everyone in the way...--book your seat in advance using the website (fandango's mobile site integration not working at the time of this review)I LOVE LOVE LOVE knowing that my seat is MINE, and if it isn't available, i'll just have to look for another showing--choose from either the exclusive cinema suites (think first class airline seat, and then some), or the more standard and rowdy "fork and screen"--efficient and hardworking servers and food runners.--the concept is excellent, but with declining food quality, it could die off quickly. why would i pay $8 for a (cracked) plastic bowl of popcorn? goddamit!#chicken wings gone south. they're the fatty and mushy "pump-me-full-of-antibiotics-while-i-stand-in-my-own-shit-while-the-steroids-grow-me-bigger-than-my-body-was-ever-going-to-grow-in-90-days-fee-lot-meat" SHIT "chicken"#that means they're cutting other corners too... yikes.#food often arrives "dead" cold. SEND IT BACK.#be careful to be specific when ordering; many items are similar and your server will assume.#effect of dining while you watch has literally put all the nearby restaurants out of business. the esplanade is a ghost townnote to lessees: always put a clause in your contract that competitors in the same property must be approed by you!HINT: push the service button between your seats as soon as you arrive, even if the server stops by to say he'll be right with you. the button starts a timer which sends an "all call" if someone doesn't reach you quickly.
One of the best local places to get your booze!BevMo has nothing on the charm, history, and liquor selection of a place like this! I am not into most beers or wines (of which they have plenty), rather I like to sample the odd/exotic Vodkas, Rums, and Tequillas.Sportmans is a good value, but certainly not discount -it is so worth the better exprience tho- This is a store to browse, ask questions and take your time exploring.Give Sportsmans a shot - and you'll say "No Mo BevMo!"
Lee's Sandwiches has always been a pleasant place to go since it opened in Chandler years ago. From what I remember it was cheap and delicious. When I went back today, I found it to be cheap in a different way, as well.I ordered the #17 (Jambon and Pork) on a croissant and a large thai iced tea with no ice. 2 items, $9. Not quite the Lee's I remembered. They called my number and I walked up to get my food. Croissant sandwich, check. No ice in my drink, check. Thai iced tea...half check. My large cup was only half full (not being optimistic). Quite literally half full. I picked up my cup and asked where the rest of my drink was and was told that I ordered no ice (well duh). I told him I didn't order "no drink" and he said he wouldn't give me what I paid for.Very very disappointed. The only thing that saved Lee's from 1 star was the delicious sandwich.Food - 4 starsCustomer service - no stars
Yum yum yum! Mexican food has to me my favorite type of food and Arriba is for sure at the top of my list for Mexican restaurants! This is a New Mexican style restaurant with lots of hatch green chilies in their dishes. You can also buy them fresh from here by the pound during the month of August. I have eaten here probably 30+ times and they are always consistent. The chips are always fresh and warm  they serve two different salsas as well as bean dip. All three are the bomb! My favorite item on the menu is the whitesands chimichanga. Do not order this though if you can't handle spicy stuff. but if you are like me, the spicier the better, then go with this! Everyday they have good lunch specials. I like to go on Thurs because they have chimis for $1.99. For an extra dollar they will smother it with the white sands sauce. What a deal! And on Sunday they have kids day with a clown that makes animal balloons. And best of all, kids eat free! And if your a beer drinker they have a microbrewery too. I'm not a beer drinker though so I can't tell you how good it is. But the margaritas are on point!
A burger? With anything I want? FINE....I'll do it.I need no convincing for a burger, fries and a coke (Thanks Carl's Jr.) Earleir this afternoon, after a heavy morning of househunting with a couple realtors, I decided to sit my fat backside at a table and eat. And eat well.I stumbled into the Five Guys at the Fashion Square mall. Not sure how long it's been open. Perhaps it was the grand opening?It was PACKED! But I digress.As soon as you get to this location in the food court of the mall, you'll realize that this is not your typical burger joint. They have their own seating separate from the mall-commoners. And their own bathrooms (CLEAN)You get to the counter and you see a sign telling you about the potatoes they are using for the fries you will be eating.Ordering your burger isnt a gong show. Fairly easy. All the toppings are listed and all toppings are FREE!My food was delicious. Got a burger with some of my favorite toppings: onions, tomatoes, etc. The fries reminded me of an experience I had back in high school, when I held a girls hand for the first time. Soft, perfect and lovely. That's how these fries felt. Ok that sounded weird. Tough.Oh, I forgot to mention that the soda fountains had COKE ZERO!! EFFING AWESOME! I MEAN THIS IS THE MOST DOPE SODA EVER!! (I'm really hoping this Kanye yelping phase ends soon, since my reviews make me seem like a bigger Jackass than I seem in person).Ultimately, I left this place happy, satisfied and I will come back again.Oh...the answer to the one question in everyone's mind? YES, BETTER THAN IN-N-OUT!
This is by far the best farmer's market I've been to in the Valley.  Still small by comparison to LA and the Bay Area but is off to a great start with lots of potential and space to grow into.McClendon has a great spread of high quality mainly organic produce and is constantly restocking so it's ok if you don't get there first thing.  It was exciting to see beautiful Tuscan kale and broccoli rabe at prices lower than Sprouts.  Meyer lemons and blood oranges were also available.Phoenician's outstanding loaves were only $3. You're welcome to sample - we particularly liked the Olive Walnut and Dark Chocolate Cherry.We enjoyed Digestif's Frittata ($4) made with thin layers of potato, eggs, pork belly and spinach.  Other combinations available were Dandelion with Goat Cheese and Mushrooms with Garlic Confit. Executive Chef Payton Curry is also there to demonstrate pulling fresh mozzarella which is served with a variety of sauces and toppings,It was fun walking around this bustling market sampling food, like tamales, which we intend to come back for next week.  If I can get myself out of bed at a decent hour on Sat, I'll be here for sure every week until the season ends in May.
"Buy Local Coffee" is what a sign out front of this establishment says.  So that's what I did.  I went to Copper Star Coffee to get my drink of choice, an iced coffee with cream.  I enjoyed the flavor.  It was better than Starbucks and quite a few cents cheaper.  SCORE!!!  I became a regular.  I stuck with my ice coffee for months but their bakecase was calling my name every time I would enter.  I found out Copper Star bakes their own pastries fresh daily.  Another SCORE!!!  No preservatives or high fructose corn syrup.  I started adding a scone with my iced coffee.  They have chocolate chip, lemon, blueberry, etc.  Delicious!!!  The apple sauce spice cake is now my favorite.  It is a vegan pastry.  It is flavorful and the glaze is so slight but fantastic.  Not a vegan by the way.  I have been slowly branching out among the Copper Star menu.  Try the Black Cherry Limeade.  The specialty coffee drinks are quite good too.  The blended toffee drink rocks.  The antioxidant smoothie is refreshing.  The other smoothies are okay.  They use syrup in those.  I don't know how healthy that makes them.  (Real fruit please).Let's talk about their sandwiches now shall we.  I have tried their sesame tuna, the curry chicken, the deviled egg salad, and the veggie.  All of them are winners.  You wont be disappointed.  Copper Star just unveiled there new sub sandwiches as well.  They use a local butcher's sausages for their subs.  Awesome.  Way to keep it in the community.-internet access-community board-art work-misters for the heat-water bowl for dogs-drive thru car hop service-frequent customer stamp cardThe Copper Star building is an old service station cleverly gutted out and made super cool.  The staff is great and they stick around.  Not a high turn over.  It must be a great place to work.Parking can be tricky.  The majority of the parking is on the street and the parked customer cars creep into the surrounding neighborhood.  You may have a little walk.  Big Woop!A must.  Check it out.
Absolutely gross-  I'm just going to be bluntly honest- who the F cares what the food tastes like when the place looks like a frickin' dump?  It was so disgustingly dirty inside. Besides food, paper, trash- resting among the carpet- the tables were dirty, the bathroom was out of service and I feared touching anything as I was led to my seat... that's a problem.I've actually never seen such a messy restaurant before. Let me also say that the restaurant was empty when we arrived, and was filthy when we walked in and was filthy when we left. Obviously no one that works at this restaurant cares about cleaning up between seatings. There's no excuse for a place to be disgusting like this. It's downright unsanitary. You serve food Valle Luna, you're a business Valle Luna- keep the place clean for heaven's sake.
Another disappointed visit.  I am starting to think this isn't a fluke and PB has lost it's magic touch.  We went for my wife's birthday around 4pm on a Wednesday.  We actually walked right in and sat down.  We were both shocked as the least amount of time we have ever waited was well over 3 hours.  The staff was more attentive on where we sat than giving us a genuine greeting even though the place was empty except two other tables.  We put in our order for a margherita with prosciutto, a wise guy, and a caprese salad.The bread came out cold with some oil to dip it in.  I can't remember if it was always cold but it would be nice if they threw it in the oven for 30 seconds before they serve it to you.  Next our pizzas came out and the margherita was missing the prosciutto.  Not a big deal.  Maybe he didn't hear me, maybe the cook didn't hear him?  My wife confirms I did request it and I'm not losing my mind.  The pizzas were good but lacking the usual special touch.  The crust was the best part which is not unusual but what was unusual was the rest was very lack luster.Even though the shop was dead our waiter never came back to us and was back behind the bar laughing and chatting with other staff members.  Finally a blonde woman asks if we would like our bill.  She brings it to us and when I give her my card I gently advise her they forgot my prosciutto and it's on the bill.  Another guy brings the bill back for me to sign.  The 6 dollar prosciutto is still on it.  I inform him that there was no prosciutto and I told the other woman but it's still here.  I don't know if she thought I was just making small talk or what but I sure am not paying 6 bones for some sliced ham that wasn't even on my pizza.  He took care of it.Here's the deal.  I don't know if it's because I didn't wait 3-5 hours to eat or if it's just falling apart without Chef Bianco but PB has definitely lost it's way and is quickly losing the legacy he created whether they want to acknowledge it or not.  I used to think the staff was short and slightly rude because of how busy it was and dealing with upset starving customers brings them down but now I know that is not the case.  They are just not good at what they do and have been there getting away with it for too long.  Just because PB is famous and Chef Bianco is world renown doesn't mean you are.  The dough is good enough to come back for but there is simply no way I would ever wait in line to eat here again.If you read my previous review you will see I am not a PB hater and actually was a huge advocate.  I guess all good things really do come to an end.
So we finally decided to give Cibo another chance and I'm so glad we did!I love love love their patio. It's very cute and romantic especially with all the lights wrapped around the trees. The heaters keep you warm on a chilly night and it's much quieter than their indoor space. This place is a great date spot. We both had the Prosciutto Cruda pizza and had wanted to try the burrata, but unfortunately they'd been out of it for the last week so we ordered the bruschetta instead. Our waiter also recommended the Valpolicella Ripasso, which was ok, but it was a little light for our tastes. The pizza was really good (the fresh ingredients really come through), but we weren't the biggest fans of the crust. I like something more substantial and airy. But  for a thin crust pizza it wasn't soggy at all. A big plus! The bruschetta was also ok (don't get me wrong I still ate all of it and would order it again), but each bite just needs a little more of a punch. Service was great and we met Karen, the owner, before we left and she is a doll. We had a much better experience this time around and we will certainly be back.
Our fearless Critical Mass organizer arranged with Cycle for us to end our May ride at that establishment.  I was excited, because Cycle purports to be a pro-bicycle bar/restaurant.  We rolled up, all excited.  There were ample bike racks for our nearly 100 riders.  However, when we entered the hotel, we were brusquely directed to the bar entrance.  Having been to the restaurant before, I wandered out to check the dining room.  I was immediately turned back at the entrance and told the dining room was "reservations only."Well, the bar has maybe 5 tables, and there were nearly 100 riders.  People who have just completed a 10-mile+ bike ride want to eat, drink, and be seated, not stand 5 deep in a bar line and then stand around holding their drinks.  We were not even sure we'd be able to order food.  We left almost immediately and went across the street to Portlands.  Right after we'd ordered, we saw another group of bikers headed to Carly's.It's not like Cycle didn't know we were coming.  If you know 100 people are coming to your venue, don't you think you'd prepare to welcome them and encourage them to spend freely?  Lame.
On a recent visit to Arizona, my mother and I ventured into this store. Neither of us had stepped foot in it before, even though she lives a mile away. The aisles are broken out by cuisine, and the selection was awesome.  I was particularly surprised by the Holland, Dutch, Brazilian, and British aisle, in market classified as Asian. Very unexpected. I bet they would be more business if they boasted to be more international. I really liked this place, but the word needs to get out about Lee Lee's.  If more people shop, they will restock their shelves more often, and most items won't be so close to their expiration date. Final points:- check expiration dates before purchasing- Generally clean but the shelved items needed to be dusted and straightened, especially the aisle with dishes. They were all over the place and had to hunt for matching bowls.  It's a market, not a dollar store- If you can get past the initial fish smell, you won't be disappointed.
What can I say that hasn't already been said about the food, or the view? I know, I'll share the best part about my amazing birthday dinner at Elements -- meeting Executive Chef Beau Macmillian. He didn't duck away when we made eye contact in the hallway, instead he broke away from his staff and came right up and introduced himself. He was so incredibly personable. He could have easily ignored us. I'm sure he's approached on a regular basis now that he's such a TV personality. But instead, he chatted us up and he talked about how he was so inspired by Asian food and how he wanted to bring that influence into his food and to Arizona. Before we knew it he was taking us in to see the latest renovations to Elements' kitchen! He proudly showed off the latest upgrades. Sure, there were new gadgets, but he even included skylights because his sous chefs said they hated never seeing the light of day. How cool is that?And to be revealed next month is an expansion to the kitchen that includes a table for 12 INSIDE the kitchen. Not a new concept for restaurants, but something Chef Macmillian is so excited about. There's no doubt that the food that he cranks out can be intimidating, but his latest endeavor speaks to his desire of having his guests witness the artistry behind the kitchen doors. This new addition promises to give you a full sensory experience BEFORE the plate even reaches your table -  from seeing, smelling and hearing what's happening in the kitchen to finally tasting the finished product. Talk about mouth watering.    Here's hoping that I will one day get to sit at that table.
I would give this place NO STARS but Yelp! wants me to give at least one. I went here with my boyfriend last night for dinner and next to our awful Bucca di Beppo (Scottsdale) experience, I have to say, this one is on my list of MOST TERRIBLE restaurant experiences. The service was so bad, we didn't even get to try the food! True Yelper that I am, I did my homework before suggesting that we come here for dinner. I saw all the reviews about the "bad service" , but I paid more attention to the "Cheap" and  "Delicious Pho" reviews because after all, you can't knock it til you've tried it. Yes, the place looks as divey as any food dive gets, yes the place isn't as clean as it probably can be, but hey, all the best pho I've  had (Da Vang, Khai Hoan, Pho Thanh) has been from some of the diviest pho spots in town.  I was excited. It was around 6pm and the place wasn't busy (there were 5 other customers besides us, and 3 of them were on their way out), so we went ahead and sat ourselves down. The server gave us menus, and made her way back behind the cash register. After looking over the menu for less than 2 minutes (I usually go for the spring rolls + everything pho whenever I visit a new spot), we were ready to order. I tried to make eye contact with our server but she seemed to be preoccupied with laughing and talking with the pre-teen sitting behind the counter with her. I finally made eye contact with her, she looked at me and I looked at her, and she turned back to her conversation. For the next 15 minutes I tried to get her attention to alert her that we were ready to order - no luck. But then I noticed that both her and the girl she was talking to were looking over at us and laughing, occasionally pointing in our direction and laughing some more. I wasn't about to give up because I was determined to try some of their well-reviewed food, but after a quarter of an hour spent trying to get their attention with them just laughing and pointing at us, my boyfriend and I had enough. The way they treated us was disrespectful and humiliating, so we walked out and drove across town to another Vietnamese restaurant. We are never going back to this restaurant, and I suggest you don't either. Just as it isn't acceptable for customers to be rude to restaurant staff, it also isn't okay for restaurant staff to be blatantly rude to customers who have not done anything to deserve bad treatment. We did not deserve the type of treatment we got at this restaurant and I am seriously fuming with anger as I write this review. I don't care how delicious and cheap your food is, you cannot use that as an excuse to make customers who come in feel like somehow they are undeserving individuals. Thanks, but no thanks, Pho House. I don't need to feel disrespected and belittled just so I can try your cheap Vietnamese food. I have plenty of Vietnamese friends who have moms who can probably cook better than you can and will treat us a million times better than your staff did last night.
Carlsbad Tavern is my favorite Mexican restaurant. I love the dark and cozy atmosphere inside and I love that they have Hoegaarden on tap.. I've had the machaca burrito and fish tacos here and both dishes were amazing. They serve New Mexico cuisine here. The only difference I noticed is they are big on green chile and use black beans instead of refried beans. I have a lot of friends from New Mexico and they all love this restaurant. The food here is delicious and flavorful if you don't live in the neighborhood it's definitely worth the drive.
Wine, booze and cigars. And friendly staff. There's not much else that needs to be said. Oh and great prices.The selection and prices they offer are great. The aisles are wide and clearly marked. The cigar room has a great selection as well and the prices are low.
An upscale mexican restaurant in the area seemed like the best thing to have happened to me. I planned my visit for a quieter evening, and reviewed the menu again and again. However, upon our arrival I thought twice immediately. The parking was iffy, and the place didn't seem to stand up to the signage. Perhaps the art was not to my liking, honestly not a piece stands out in my memory. We were seated immediately. Our waiter seemed a little off, not to mention the fact that he was insanely snobby and seemed to be moonlighting in the kitchen, where he disappeared for 10-15 minutes at a time. He did not fill our soft drinks once without being first flagged down (those of you who have experienced the close quarters will understand how ridiculous this is). Halfway through waiting for our food (which took 45 minutes, easily), the lamp above our table went out. We sat in the dark for a good 5 minutes before they even noticed. Which was actually a nice change of scenery from the boring beige walls. When the food finally arrived, we were too tired (due to having finished an entire bottle of wine) so we left. Unfortunately, we took our grub with us.I had some sort of mixed seafood entree with chorizo and a creamy sauce. It's no coincidence you're taken aback by the combination... it didn't go down too easily. Having dropped 90 dollars on the meal, though, we felt compelled to finish as much as we could stand. Normally I would make sure I got the name of the dish right, but since I am recommending that you not go there, why bother?
So, not following my own advice (ahem, NEVER RETURN), I returned here for a friend's birthday dinner a few months ago (I super love this person so how could I say no?). HA! Big mistake. Also, fair warning: there are several-a-CAPS-LOCK ahead.The only pleasant thing about the evening was the reservation and seating were right on time for our large group (15 people). And of course because we were celebrating a super special person.I'll keep this update short and sweet:$3 for a CAN OF SODA? Get real. I knew it'd be overpriced but I was at least expecting a mini bottle or something. But a can? COME ON. You bought that in bulk and paid .03342 cents for it. FAIL.Your servers: IDIOTS. First it takes our server 15 minutes to come around the first time and take drink orders. Then she's back another 15 minutes after that taking the orders again. Did you forget? Were you not paying attention the first time we around? Why did it take 30 minutes just to order drinks? And on top of that we wait another 15 to receive them. FORTY-FIVE MINUTES TO RECEIVE DRINKS IS BAD. Very, very bad. Also, not taking food orders until after we've been seated for ONE HOUR is BAD. VERY, VERY BAD. Seated at 8 o'clock, we didn't receive our food until almost TEN O'CLOCK. TWO HOURS FOR FOOD IS VERY, VERY BAD. Do you hear that, St. Francis? BAD.Because I loathed the place even before this lovely birthday dinner, and because the thought of supporting such an establishment makes my blood boil, I ordered only dessert and the hubs ordered an appetizer (and add on a $3 can soda). Funny, that our bill was still nearly $30 for the both of us. Excluding tip. BAD.Also, server: If you say you're not going to split a check, stick to your word or don't even try. Now, I'M glad you didn't stick to your stingy "I don't split checks", because I could foresee the mess of trying to split a $700 bill with 13 people I didn't know so well. Lucky for us, when we told you we were leaving early and asked for our check, you split it for us. A couple others caught on and did the same, but the remaining 7-8 people were not so lucky. Because I realize my short and sweet is not so short anymore (or sweet, for that matter), I'm ending it here. NOTE TO SELF: heed own advice and stay away from St. Francis!
SOOOOOOOOO MUCH FUN! The 3 of us went to Superstition Farm for their tour last Saturday. No, we didn't have any kids with us but we may have had a better time than most of the kids.The beginning is a bit dry. You're in the "classroom" for a while learning about random facts related to diary cows.  Moo.  After that, it's a hay ride.  Girls, let me give you one tip - Make sure you wear long pants or shorts that are long.  Hay is very uncomfortable under your butt if there isn't enough padding.  Anyway, the hay ride was entertaining but the best part had yet to come.Once the hayride was over, the "tour" was officially over.  But everyone stuck around to check out the petting zoo. The animals were all so friendly and we got to feed them as well.  There was a hodgepodge of creatures from a young cow to sheep to rabbits and even a turkey.  Yum...just kidding.In addition, there's a black lab on the premise that was amazing.  This dog would make an incredible soccer player.  His reaction time is unbelievable - any team would be happy to have him as a goalie.After the animal bonding, we went to try flavored milk.  Mine was butterscotch flavored and it was just ok.  I was disappointed that the milk wasn't fresh from the farm but I guess it's not legal to serve unprocessed milk.  Since we had a Groupon, we also had a chance to try Udder Delights ice cream. At $2.50 each, I would never pay for them individually. But seeing that it was included in my "deal," we enjoyed them a lot.Don't be embarrassed if you don't have kids.  Trust me, adults can enjoy Superstition Farm too.
Love love love this place.  Tasty with great prices... who can beat that?  My newest thing is to order a gyro-to-go and enjoy it at home.  I'm a mom now so eating at a restaurant is a lot harder than it used to be. hahaSee ya there!
Wood fired pizzas, scrumptious pasta dishes and bacon wrapped shrimp.  How can you go wrong with a place that wraps things in bacon.  C'mon, even  veggies admit that things wrapped in bacon are good!  Has a smokey atmosphere and a slight bar crowd but the food is outstanding.
I give this location no love.  We went to this one rather than the one uptown on a Saturday night with a voucher from another location from a bad sushi upchuck experience.  Going late at night with a mostly empty restaurant, we still ended up waiting 10 minutes to be sat, then SHOVED and I mean shoved in next to the only other table in the place - the hostess snickered at me when I kindly asked to move a single table down (really sick of bitchy hostesses in Scottsdale by the way - your job is not that hard so shut up and color for christs sake)  Our waitress took another 10 minutes just to greet us, sushi took forever, and if you can believe it the fun hadnt even begun yet.  When paying the bill, we present the voucher to the waitress, who says she cant take it.  The manager came over with a bitchy look, basically trying to call it bull shyt and continued to give us the 5th degree about it for the next few minutes - certainly NOT appreciated.  She takes it to the point where she calls the other location where we got it (taking ANOTHER 10 minutes) and finally gives us our bill back - only taking off our 2 rolls and 2 nigiri.  This created one pissed off yelper instantaneously.Don't bother with this location - you could find bomb shrapnel in your soup and they still wouldnt give a damn.  And for the sake of all that is holy - STOP WITH THE CRAZY I'M-TOO-SEXY-FOR-MYSELF SCENE!  YOU'RE NOT THAT COOL!
Seriously the best 3am quesadilla I have ever had.  It was big and gooey, with just enough browning on the outside of the tortilla to make it a little bit crisp.  As an added bonus it was kind of cold outside, so it made a great hand warmer as well.  Why only 3 stars?  OK, you do have to sit on some questionable outside picnic tables and I don't want to think about how clean the kitchen may or may not be, but the entertainment value of watching tipsy people stumble around while waiting for their food can't be beat.
They get 2 stars, for the pickles. So I'm from Jersey and was very happy to see all the NYC/Jersey stuff in this place.  The walls were covered in things from my state so I figured they know a thing or two about real NYC pastrami.  I was very wrong!This had to be the worst pastrami I have ever had! What's with the places in this area advertising themselves as either being a NY style deli or NY style pizza? I mean, I know we're the most awesome people in the country and our food is the best, but don't say you're like us unless you really are! Maybe if you've never had the real thing, you think this is quality? This sucks giant donkey balls and I'm sorry I ever tried it!Really, instead of spending all that time trying to make your place look like Jersey and NYC, spend that time practicing making good food.  That, not decor, gets you good reviews!  If you're from the East coast and looking for authentic NYC food, avoid this place. They also claim their bagels are just like NY...yea, I won't be trying those!
I'm completely impressed by The Mission and I can't wait to go back and try more of their amazing food.  My husband and I chose The Mission for our 8th Anniversary dinner and had a wonderful time - the staff is extraordinarily knowledgeable and very warm & welcoming.  Yelp steered us in the right direction as per usual, so we split the cheese plate with manchego to start, the pork shoulder tacos for dinner and split a pumpkin bread pudding for dessert.  Everything was expertly prepared and delicious.  The bread pudding was EASILY the best I've ever had.  We usually don't order desserts and I'm glad we did, because I can't stop thinking about how amazing this was.  My husband had an Avocado Margarita and an Estrella beer (Awesome that they have this available - and it was even served in an Estrella glass - impressive).  Since I'm pregnant, I asked if the bartender could make me a virgin version of their "Sophia Loren" with fresh strawberries & mint - score!  It was delicious and I'll certainly be back to try it with the proper amount of booze :)  Lastly, how amazing is that Himalayan Salt Brick wall????  I NEED this in my house!
I went to Tuck last night because of the reviews on here, and I loved it.  It really is tucked away and all the better.  It feels even more special.  We had the panini bites, dates stuffed with chorizo, and the citrus brined fried chicken with white cheddar waffles.  Not your greasy comfort food here.  Everything was delicious and I can't wait to go back and try more.
I noticed the sign for Shakey Jake's before it even opened. I waited paitiently for it to wait... I love barbeque! :) When it finally opened, my mom and I tried to get some grub there when we walked up, the cutest little boy came out of the resturant and told us they were close and would be open again tomorrow. We left disappointed but still wanted to give Jake's a try.Over a month later, we finally did get a chance to do just that.We entered Shakey Jakes and saw a nice, new & clean place. There was a large counter, and several red t-shirt wearing workers dishing up what looked & smelled like yummy barbeque. We waited in line and were handed menus. The walkways were narrow and left a small amount of space to sit. We were feeling the scrunch! We then sat down with our menus and chose our meals.I went back to the register & was disappointed in the fact that they didn't have any more MacNCheese and there was some miscommunication when it came to my mom's order. I thought it came with Fries... and it didn't, it comes with a side dish. My mom wanted Cole Slaw AND fries... instead I accidentily ordred JUST cole slaw... but they charged me an extra fee for the cole slaw... so really, I just got screwed out of a side dish and it was pretty much downhill from there.I didn't see the lil baskets of utensils and lids and straws on top of the very tall deli case. I had to take our recipt and the cups and I pourd our drinks and sat down. The TVs were SO damned loud we were shouting at eachother. I wanted to scream "can you PLEASE turn that down?!" My mom had to use the rest room and I told her she needed a key, which I learned from a previous review.Anyway, finally our food came and our order number was called and I got up thinking I had to bring it to the table, when their server told me to sit down and that she'd bring it to us... ummm... okay? but as she did, she told us that the utensils were by the register. WTF?! ARGHHH!! I was JUST there!! It was ackward, uncomfortable, annoying and frustrating.So i got up AGAIN, if I could have just picked up my own order, I could have also gotten my utensils in one big graceful swoop. I THINK the owners need to give out those lil numbers for their tables, think Carl's Jr. So there's no more confusion. AND give out those lil bags with utensils, napkin, salt & pepper packets. Because I'm 5'6" and I had to get on my TIPPY Toes to see what the hell was in those baskets! Also, I ordered two medium sodas, and none of their lids fit. They were TOO small or TOO large!The cashier was really nice, but the smaller things made this place intolerable. I couldn't walk to our table without hitting EACH and every single table and chair... ugh, that's the last thing I need. a reminder that maybe having yet another meal out is the LAST thing I should be subjecting my body to.I sat down and looked at my plate, the fuck?! I ordered pork ribs, and they gave me beef. I looked at the recipt and it said... beef. *harsh sigh* lucky for them, they both cost the same! I remembered reading their sign underneith the cashier that said they'd be happy to help you out if there's anything wrong with your order IF the food was untouched and IF you still had your recipt. sooooo... because the cashier hit beef instead of pork and I paid - I was screwed.Choosing to just go with it, I opened up my side dishes and the yams were good. nothing great, but still good. The cole slaw was way too sweet for me. The corn bread was good!! The highlight of the meal! their cornbread is better than LoLo's! There I said it! I just wish Shakey Jake's would make theirs bigger. The ribs were VERY good, they had a serious smoke ring and the sauce had a nice bite to it. My mom didn't care for her sandwich, she said there wasn't enough sauce and that the meat was very fatty. She liked the yams and the coleslaw. We both agreed that the peach cobbler was YUMMY! I just wish they baked it longer.When we left, I was full and not as aggravated like I was before. I do want to give Shakey Jake's another chance (maybe without my mom). To my yelpers, if you go - be sure the check your recipt, get your utensils right after you order & expect a server to bring your food when it's done.
Cozy, cute and yes, a little claustraphobic...Coronado Cafe. Perhaps the latter adjective is my own issue, but at 5 foot  9 inches I felt REALLY tall. An adorable little home, with creaky wooden floors transformed into a comfortable cafe with approachable American fare. After navigating the dicey, sandy, lumpy parking lot I accidentally entered the kitchen door. My bad. I was redirected to another door and entered through the rear. Yikes did I  just say I entered through the rear? Anyway a lovely staff person told me to go to the front and check in. Meandering through the cafe I really did find it lovely. Very neat, old yet modern and strangely very loud. It was a booming lunch crowd on a Monday. Taking Mom and Dad out for a Mother's Day lunch. We waited a few minutes for a table and were constantly being said hello to and asked if we've been helped by a friendly, friendly staff. Shout out to the staff! The menu, while not especially inventive, seemed fresh and yummy. The soup of the day was a tortilla soup with its own stamp on it. No tortilla strips atop the cup, yet and especially flavorful soup, creamy with a twinge of tanginess to it. Mom and I both had the turkey sandwich with cranberrry sauce. HUGE mother of a sandwich. I always wonder about the big sandwich because you cannot possible bite into it without making a mess. Not a strike against them, cuz it was very good, bread was fresh and turkey seemed unprocessed. Dad ordered the ham and cheese, but stripped away all the interesting flavors, because, well, because he's a dad and likes the meat and potato type menu. Dessert was a wonderful and decedent brownie with ice cream, chocolate and caramel sauces. Very good. Brownie was more like a cake though. Again, no complaint, cuz it was dee-lish. Service was so great I have to say. Friendly, professional and fun. I like the idea of eating in an old house. The contrast of old Phoenix with striking photography of modern New York strewn about the rooms was quite cool. I recommend a visit. I'm craving the tortilla soup and would love to try other items on the menu. Most importantly it was a wonderful way to hang with mom and dad (who ventured in from Sun City in their mini van, navigating the Central Ave. mess, God Bless 'em) and we truly had a good experience. Coronado Cafe. Cute. Cozy. Comfortable. And in the end, not so claustraphobic.
There are few things I cannot stand more than eating out for pizza-by-the-slice. Those are: slices so big they contain an entire days worth of calories and charging additional for traditional toppings. While I understand the appeal of this centralized pizza joint -- a slice is 1/4 the pizza itself. The crust is a couple inches high and the pizza itself is barely 1/4 inch. I had cheese and while cheese pizza isn't remarkable as is, the slice I had here was considerably unimpressive.We paid $9.31 for 2 slices and a 20 oz beverage. What also put me off to this place was the cold staff and multiple things did not seem to be working right while there -- including their ice machine and their sound system (cut on and off). I was also not impressed how, never truly hearing of Sal's before, the employee made it seem like a chain of few. Go to their website and you will realize otherwise. This location is franchised.I will not return (unless I am not paying). Instead, I will take a jab at one of the other multiple fast food options on that corner.
Awesome Saturday breakfast buffet (until 11am). I wanted a resort style brunch setting to treat my folks too while they were in town. The service here is impeccable as are the grounds, which deserve a good walking through after you gorge yourself on heaps of fresh fruit, pastries, bacon and eggs. Located in central Scottsdale.
I had very high expectations for The Breakfast Joynt because so many gave it 5 stars, which means "As good as it gets, Woohoo!" according to Yelp.  My experience didn't live up to that but I'm willing to give them another try.This location was formerly a bar that was transformed into a breakfast restaurant.  The actual bar is still there, with a flat panel TV in the middle, but surprisingly the shelves are still empty all the way up to the ceiling.  They've only been there around 6 months, so maybe this will change as they settle into the location.  It has a very clean, upscale feel to it - something not out of place in North Scottsdale.  It's also easy to find once you're off the 101 onto Raintree, and then north on Northsight... it's on the right and shares parking with Gold's Gym that is easily seen from the road.I found the eggs to be good, and recommend steering towards the omelet choices.  Being from the South, it wasn't thrilling that the biscuits were somewhat small and square shaped, almost like a little dinner roll.  They have their own style (and they've informed me that they are homemade) but I was looking for something more substantial to be smothered in sausage gravy.  The pancakes were not served hot with the other food items, and they seemed to have settled and were somewhat chewy and elastic.Menu was rather straightforward and clear with sectioned boxes, with a nice highlight of their featured stuffed apple pancake.  I thought the description of "ham that falls off the bone" was repeated far too many times.Prices were very reasonable for Scottsdale.  The fresh squeezed orange juice was excellent.  Owners are very concerned about customers with less than a stellar dining experience, so I'll be sure to give the Breakfast Joynt another try with friends and family.
I always have good time at this place.  I could write a page about Geisha, but the previous reviews pretty much sum this place up.      *   Self servicing bathrooms (Ladies only)     *   Fantastic Happy Hour pricing- The veggie pot stickers are the bomb!    *   Hot waitresses ... barely of age to serve you alcohol =)    *   Private karaoke rooms that allow you to humiliate yourself in front of your friends onlyThe only thing I would steer clear of is the specialty drinks they are overly sweet and are not made with fresh fruit... even when they say they are. The waitress cleared that up for me last weekend =).
I've got to hand it to Smart & Final for providing some incredibly economic pricing options for both name brand products and supplies. It's worth a visit to save some big bucks by shopping here. This is one of my go-to stops for party supplies like plates, cups, napkins, water, etc. Think of Smart & Final like the Dollar Store meets Costco.
I have been to the Freddy's location in Gilbert several times and really enjoyed it so when I saw a Freddy's had opened in my "hood" I was excited.  My daughter and I went over for some dessert and they did not dissappoint!  The custard was smooth and creamy with lots of toppings to choose from.  I have not tried the burgers at this location yet but if they are anything like the other location they will be very tasty.  And don't forget to try the shoestring fries.  I usually like thicker fries but these are nice and crispy and delicious!  I'm so glad Freddy's took over this location.
Took Mom for dinner Monday night. This was the second time I took her here, and it'll be the last! Guess Tapino just isn't for her. Out of the three small plates we shared, she only enjoyed the lamb kabob over quinoa ($9). It was the second-best dish of the three I enjoyed.I'd wanted to try a glass of rose ($7), since Mom is a fan, but she was "too tired" to have wine, so I'll have to bookmark that for next visit. We started w/ the butternut squash ravioli w/ sage butter ($8; mmm... I adore brown butter and sage... My Mom, however, doesn't). I appreciated the sweet creaminess of the squash puree against the slight toothiness of the ravioli. The sage butter added just enough salt to the dish, while the toasted candied pecan bits on top added impeccable crunch! How I wished I had all three pieces! (She ate one and didn't even enjoy it! How infuriating! LOL)The second dish we tried was the baked escargots w/ butter, parsley, lemon, and puff pastry ($7). Compared to the multi-faceted ravioli dish, this was a bit disappointing. While I enjoyed the textures that the snails and crunchy puff pastry offered (TOO crunchy, if you ask me! Those babies were bordering on hard! Where's the "puff?," I ask.), the butter and parsley treatment fell flat. Mom again only had one. I believe there were 6 total. Don't misunderstand- I still ate all the rest... I was hungry!! :DLast, but not the least, came the skewer of lamb kabob (3 pcs; $9) w/ bell peppers and onions, served over cold saffron quinoa w/ cucumber sauce (served on the side).  Thankfully, the lamb pieces were savory enough not to have needed the sauce. Loved the quinoa.Check out the photos I took... I'll have to take a photo of the ravioli on my next visit!
Here's an update, because the buffet is out at lunchtime only now, with a regular menu at dinnertime:This old place continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley, after 1 1/2 years & many visits.  It's friendly, inexpensive, peaceful & comfortable (even with lots of customers), & always satisfying.This time I started with a delicious bowl of Menudo, a nice salad & several kinds of fresh fruit, tasty Cole Slaw, & then headed for the Mexican hot table.  Had some Spanish Rice, refried beans, a beef taquito, an excellent beef tamale (hand made, not some fast-food thing pretending to be a tamale!), & more, but saving room for some Chinese.The tasty treats over at the Chinese hot table included TERRIFIC, big, meaty barbecued pork ribs, really good & crispy Sweet & Sour Pork (Hey Iain!), just-right fried rice, a steamed veggies dish in fish juice that included such treats as Chinese Snow Peas, all cooked just enough, & so on.What a great lunch for $5.59!
First off I would like to punch the dip Shit on the food network who said this was the best chicken he ever ate. Yeah the place is filthy, but how they operate their business is redicolus. Service sucks, 49 minute wait for the food sucks, waiting 20 minutes from the first  entree being dropped off until the last person luckily receives their food sucks, being told on the 59th minute of a hour wait for your food, that they are out of your side dishes, sucks, spending my hard earned money at a place that is Ass backwards in any kind of business sense, sucks. At first our group thought it was a joke, then the reverse racism theory was brought up, then we noticed that every table was experiencing the same lack of service. Black, white, purple,orange. They just sucked.
More a comment than a review. Suffice it to say, I L-O-V-E this store! Much to my surprise and delight they are opening a second store at 75th and Cactus! Right in my own backyard , don't ya know. Woo hoo! Now all we need for the NW valley is Lee's sandwiches, and a solid dim sum joint to complete my favorite Asian trifecta!!
It hurts me to say this, fue to the fact that I love local businesses in my hood and I fully support them, but here is another restaurant that I wish would have been better...Good news...More restaurants opening in Downtown, more options especially late night options...Bad news...More restaurants opening in Downtown wanting to make a quick buck but does not deliver on food and quality...I came here with a couple of friends really excited to try the only sushi restaurant in DT open for dinner.  There has been some good review on the place and I wanted to give it a chance...I should have gone north to Hana or Yasu!Walking in, I noticed the decor was another warehouse looking restaurant trying to be modern...only thing is , its not.  From the neon lights under bar to the wood paneling to the tin like tables, chairs, and barstools...its been done 30 times over.  I wish it had more character, a little bit more distinctive.  We are in the art district.  I don't want to walk in a restaurant that looks similar to ones that are already open in the same area?  Okay enough with that, the artist in me is rambling again..sorry..back to the "food" review.Food:  The menu to me was a little confusing.  For being a Sushi joint, it had so many other things also, mostly stirfry items.  I decided to stick to what I came here to try, sushi.  I ordered squid salad to start.  I should not have ordered that to start.  The salad was so salty and it was drowning in dressing...bad start...I then ordered some sashimi including saba, sweet shrimp, and of course my favorite toro.  I was a little disappointed that they did not have uni..how can you not have uni! Saba...not bad...Sweet Shrimp....foul tastingToro.....couldn't even bite through itA good sushi joint has to have fresh fish...good sushi needs to be executed by a sushi chef with good knife skills...simple as that..When your fish is not that fresh and your sushi chef fish slicing techniques are not there, you have a losing combo.My friend out of frustration had the head chef make us something...He brought out the geisha roll.Spicy tuna is not my thing but out of courtesy, we did ask him to pick, I tried it..it was ok, again I am not too keen on chopped up tuna, which in this case tasted like it was food processed.  A little too mushy..Drinks:Beers: Been done.  Infused vodkas: Been done Cocktails: Been done.Good Points:  Nice staff, cool Teapots, and clean restroomsAll in all, I guess I was hoping for a sushi joint that was more innovative and creative with equally good skills to execute.  Maybe I am too harsh.  Or maybe I am just saying it how it is...As I left the joint, I felt like I have been to a sushi restaurant like that so many times before...Hopefully they will succeed with less critical customers unlike myself..best of luck!!
This place is as good as I'd heard.  We came here for a day-late birthday dinner for my middle daughter/Father's Day dinner for her husband.  She and his six-year old daughter ordered a Hawaiian style with pineapple and ham, he and I  got the Margherita Pizza with garlic, tomatoes, olive oil, fresh basil, mozzarella, and romano cheese.  Both were so delicious!  He also got some chicken wings which were tender and juicy and not spicy at all, dipped in either of two great sauces, ranch or marinara.  The pizza's were about $13 each for the larges.  I usually have no problem quitting after two slices but the  flavor squishing around in my mouth was so good I couldn't resist taking a third piece at this place. The decor was pretty and the service was great--the server checked back several times to see if we were doing okay or needed anything. I would definitely be a regular if I lived near here.  On a side note, next door is the Aloha Kitchen which we had eaten at about a week ago and was also very good!62010
Bleh! I've heard good things about this place from my sister's friends (notice, I didn't say "my" friends) and I've always been curious.  Errand days are kinda ho-hum anyway, so I was excited to finally check this place out.  The reason I order a doughnut that is stripped off glaze and topping is that I'd  like to taste the actual product. Two doughnuts for my little guy and me for $1.60.  As the girl handed me the paper bag I was extra careful handling it for nothing.  Cold doughnuts?  Am I just so used to piping hot beignets?    Right off the first bite, I could feel the cheap hydrogenated oils coating the roof of my mouth.  Then the second bite, the feeling is now in my throat.  Eeek!  I asked my son what he thought.  "It's okay,"  he stared at the doughnut and looked up at me.  I grab his doughnut and along with mine threw both in the paper bag it came with and chucked it.   Honestly, it would have been better to fry these sinful things in lard.  There is something about chemically laden food that I despise most!Would I give it a second chance?  Not until they change their frying oil!Sorry, Bosa.  One star is for the nice service and the other star is for being a local chain.
The new, old El Chorro Lodge has been reopened for all of two days, and a friend of a friend managed to secure a reservation during their soft opening, so I got an opportunity to check it out.  I was impressed, but not blown away.  Everything I tasted was quite competent, but if I had to choose a word to describe the menu, I would suggest "staid."  Perhaps even "stodgy," but that may be more harsh than I intend.Review the dinner menu.  http://bit.ly/aWqVVJ.  There, see what I mean?  Replete with Traditional American entrees and sides, at what I would consider fairly exorbitant prices.  I would say that I wouldn't go back to eat this food at these prices, unless someone else was paying.  I should note that a big part of why I wasn't impressed is because this place is simply not my style.  The wait staff, attired in khakis and blue shirts, was a little too informal for the prices we were paying, I felt.  The menu options were a little boring for my taste.  The cocktail menu is exactly not what I'm looking for these days, although I will be very interested to see what Happy Hour looks like.  The decor is a tad heavy on the Old Southwest theme, although to be fair, this place not only pulls it off rather stylishly but also is among the most authentically old and southwestern establishments in the Phoenix metro area.  The patio and open bar are fantastic.  The bar area is considerable, and the patio is palatial - up above Lincoln Dr enough to be fairly quiet, with a gorgeous view of Camelback, sunset here must be incredible.  Anyway, back to the food.  Everything was very well executed, from the sticky buns we were served upon being seated to the desserts we ordered.  I chose the soup of the day to start, a tomato/basil concoction that was quite hearty and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The salads my dining companions ate looked boring to me, but they all claimed them to be excellent, with "the best Caesar dressing ever" and "polenta croutons?!?" being the verdict for the Caesar salad, at least.  On to the entrees.  I ordered the crispy duck, which I found to be delicious and quite hearty, though not what I would call crispy by any means.  It was a very sizable portion, and very well prepared.  My dining companions ordered the pork chop, the lamb, and the salmon, and we each sampled from each other's plates.  I would try the lamb if I went back, but the consensus seemed to be that everything was very well prepared, with the duck being a winner.  It was served with a heap of mushy sweet potatoes (just like my mom makes at Thanksgiving - delicious!) and red cabbage, which I sampled and declined to finish.  Again, not quite my style.  We moved on to dessert - sticky bread pudding with a bourbon glaze and the warm chocolate cake.  The bread pudding was a winner at the first two or three bites, but grew one-dimensional as I continued nibbling at it.  The chocolate cake was decadent, among the best I've ever tasted.  It was clearly made with a considerable amount of dark chocolate, which seals the deal for me.  And in case you were wondering, my dining companions apparently have no stamina when it comes to dessert.  Suckers.  Anyway, as I've said now several times, this place is just not quite me.  It's totally classy and very high in quality, but not quite adventurous enough for my taste.  I'd love to come back for brunch, and once they unveil their happy hour menu, I'm sure I'll be back to check it out, but I won't be back for dinner unless I can convince someone else to pick up the check at the end of the evening.  As a side note, this place is so very Paradise Valley.  It's a welcome relief knowing that there is a place that is so anti-scene out there.  It's been a little while since I've been both the youngest and among the poorest in a room, and I will say it was a little comforting.  Just don't tell the Scottsdale people about this place, and we'll all be happy.
Being from Sweden you just like salmon and at Le Chalet you can get a delicous Nordique Crepe with salmon! Never had anything like that in Sweden! Besides the great crepe and friendly service from the owner Alain Keller I was also treated to a laughing experience. They have a comedy show twice a month. Great place to eat and have a nice relaxed evening!
This place looks cool inside and has a fun vibe.  First the downsides: menu can actually be a little overwhelming, you get the impression the staff is overworked/crazy busy (how long does it take to make tea?) to the point where if there are more than four people ahead of you in line, you want to shoot yourself.  Unless you have nowhere to be, ever.  Upsides: huge selection, fairly helpful staff (paralyzing indecision?  that's what they're there for), ambiance, coolness factor.  I need to try the food here.
Who's got the munchies!!!!! Friday and Saturday nights till 3 am, Mrs. White's is servin' up some yummy munchies including Fried Zucchini around $3 and entrees for $13.  I had to have their fried chicken , pork chop and some gravy and rice at 12am! The fried chicken was cooked perfectly.  The skin is crispy and tasty.  The meat moist and tasty.  The portions are huge and you will not go home hungry.  The staff is friendly and helpful; always a pleasure to talk to them.  Skip Filibertos or Jack n' Box after the party..movie..concert..and go to Mrs. White's!
I don't expect much when grabbing lunch at a mall, but I expect better than this.  The seaweed salad was a generic overly soy tasting disappointment, the rainbow roll was barely worth eating - the shrimp on the roll tasted fishy, the fish was mealy-textured, and the rich was soft and too sticky.  The yellow tail roll suffered from the same, and we luckily were cautious enough not to try sashimi.  The miso soup was served barely like warm.  The tea was served barely luke warm. That was when we finally got service, which took a veritable eternity.  Tea refills?  Good luck on getting someone's attention for that.The inside is a dismal, cavernous sport-bar/pool hall sort of feel.  Basically no redeeming features here.
Had lunch with my Husband here today, we sat outside, it was gorgeous weather, the food is really Great, good variety, of ethnic foods !!!  Not bad for the price !!!
Love this little frozen yogurt paradise!!  I like Golden Spoon, but this place is definitely a notch above.  The toppings bar alone is a reason to check it out.....can you say Fruity Pebbles anyone? How awesome is that???I like the fact that you choose how much or little you want in whatever combos you crave.  The flavors are also really yummy, and they always have a good variety.  It's a great place to take kids, as they tend to like anything interactive like this. I'm so happy I live close & plan on coming lots as the weather heats up.
This place used to be amazing.  My favorite memories of past years is going to this seafood place with my parents.  It's not the same anymore.We went for my wife's 30th birthday.  My dad decided to join us.  My wife ordered steak and shrimp, my dad ordered steak, I ordered a crab stuffed lobster.  I have had the crab stuffed lobster many times before.  I was craving it.We got our appetizer's.  Dad got snails, wife and I shared steamers.  My dad was happy with the snails.  But then again, how can you go wrong with snails doused in garlic and butter?  The steamers were steamed little neck clams in a garlic broth.  It was not long neck clams like the rest of the world calls steamers.  I wasn't about to argue with the server that these are the wrong clams.The food came and for the first time in my life I was asking the server to take back my meal before I even tried it.  It looked dry and over cooked.  I told the server I've had this dish many times before and this is not the way it's supposed to be.  He told me this is what it's supposed to look like and begged me to try it.  I took one bite and I couldn't even swallow it because it was so dry.  Of course the server was gone by this point and didn't come back for 10 minutes to ask me how it was.While I was waiting for the server to return, I told my family I was just going to get the steak.  They just shook their head and told me not to.  I took one bite of my dad's steak and spat it out.  How do you screw up steak this bad?  It tasted like beef jerky and butter.  My dad and wife would have complained too, but it's my wife's birthday and I am already stealing her thunder.  I swapped my meal out for a steamed lobster.  How do you screw up a steamed 1 1/2 lobster?  Fortunately, that came out fine.So we left hungry and $300 poorer.  I used to not mind paying the money they charged but now, it is not worth it.  I am really hoping people stop coming here so they can just close down.
Abridged: I'm gonna be real with you. I am not in love with Pizzeria Bianco, and had I actually had to wait in line, this rating would probably be lower. My group was lucky enough to receive the last table without any wait.Maybe it was the fact that it's hard to impress me with pizza. Maybe it was a fluke that won't happen again. At least that's what everyone keeps telling me. But honestly, I just wasn't that impressed with the $19 pizza I received. Sadly, the leftovers I took home ended up being tossed because I was afraid to try it again. I've been worried about writing this for awhile (it's been sitting here unfinished for nearly a year), but in the end, my opinions haven't changed, and I sit here, still scared to return. If someone dragged me there again, or had a party there or something, I'd probably give it another shot, as I hate to write off any place after a single trip, but I honestly felt just eh about the whole thing. Thankfully none of my visiting out of town guests have cried for me to take them there.
The Montelucia Resort is home to Crave Cafe, and the fact that I was blown away by how beautiful the resort is has nothing to do with how impressed I was with Crave.What are you craving at the moment?  Perhaps a cup of coffee?  a scoop of gelato?  an empanada? gourmet pastry?  homemade tomato soup?  perhaps a panini sandwich filled with turkey, cheese,  grilled eggplant, and cranberry compote? red wine? magazine? fresh fruit? Diet Coke?Whatever your 'crave-ing' - Crave has it all!In addition to pretty much anything your heart desires, Crave also has an extremely friendly staff and offers limited seating (in and outside) with gorgeous views of Camelback mountain.After a full tour of the resort, we were hungry for lunch and decided to have a quick bite at Crave... We shared a sandwich, slice of quiche, and tomato soup - all of it was delicious!  I am sure I'll be craving a return trip to the Montelucia sometime soon, and when I do, I'm sure I'll pop into Crave for whatever I need at that time.
This place really hits the spot.  It's everything a hamburger place should be and nothing it shouldn't.  Their burgers are good-sized and delicious.  I attribute their scrumptiousness to the bread in the buns, but their meat is phenomenal as well; add some cheese and green chiles, and it's like a bunch of awesome ingredients decided to get together to take part in creating one of the best burgers in town with a little help from the grill.  The fries are effing good too.The pitchers of beer are cheap and cold, and if you want to feed your inner hipster they also have bottles of PBR and cans of Schlitz.  Not a lot to feast the eyes on - the place has a real old-school "bar" feel - but the food compensates for what it may lack in elegance.
I could remember Tokyo Expresses were everywhere in the valley.  I loved their food.  I was surprise to see them around and excited to eat the food again.  We entered the place and it smelled like bleach.  STRONG.  It is ok.  We move to the menu and ordering area.  Everyone picked out their meal.  Ordered and sat down.  We got our food pretty quickly.  I got the Katsu Chicken meal (side sui may and drink).  The sauce in the Katsu was kinda of bland.  I remember the sauce was savory.  The sui may, I am sure was the pre-made frozen kind.  I was hungry so I ate it.
If you have never been before you should really try harder... Your mother taught you better than that. Go and buy a smoked pecan paleta.
A dark night in a city that knows how to keep its secrets. But on the 12th floor of the Acme building, one man is trying to find the answers to life's persistent questions: Guy Noir, Private Eye. (THEME) It was a night in November. November 23rd in fact. I remember the date because it was my birthday. The snow birds that had started to flock from their summer homes had long since retired for the evening and the godfearing people of Phoenix had closed shop. My two lovely companions and I were looking for a place to fill our bellies. Like moths to a flame we were attracted to a dim light coming from a dark parking lot. We exited the car."Are you going to Mama Mia's?"A beautiful petite girl with the kind of body men write home about stepped out of the shadows. I was going wherever she took me.We were led through the kind of kitchen you only see in mob movies. I wasn't going to ask what they put in the sausage.We stepped in and figured out our toppings. Trying to figure out toppings for one pizza between three people you may as well be figuring out cold fusion with a box of toothpicks and some masking tape. But with the plethora of options I felt like I had a bag of bananas in a monkey whore house and we narrowed it to basil and fresh tomato.The pizza was exactly what a tired and famished private eye like myself needed on a night like this.Man working  register- "Is that a wig?"Jetta-" Yeah its a wig."We left the pizza joint as happy as a twister in a trailer park.Jetta- "I am so getting a weave." (THEME MUSIC) A dark night in the city that knows how to keep its secrets, but a light shines on the 12th floor of the Acme Building -- Guy Noir, Private Eye?. (THEME UP AND OUT)
Not impressed, loud atmosphere, bland overpriced sandwiches. 10 employees behind the counter and no clean tables. How many people does it take to make a sandwich? More like the employees are just here to hang out with each other than work.
Hot Breakfast..........NOT, Again cold food when it supposed to be hot....people beware of this over price place and lack of care for the customer it seems that this is the way of doing business.*** Again a nice place to visit but DO NOT EAT HERE.*** And DO NOT CARE!
The food wasn't phenomenal but it was very good. The service was excellent. The decor was very cool. A good experience. Great selection of wines by the glass. Very pleasant experience.
Cliché Central. Style without substance can be summed up in their cheese plate: pineapple, melon, grapes, herbed chevre, Babybel minis (they even leave the wax on for ya) and cubes of pepper jack and colby jack served with sesame crackers.  I can't make this gold up.  They serve a lot of "martinis" as the name implies, very few of which actually contains the ingredients for a proper martini.  But then again, now that I've described the cheese plate, this should come as no surprise.  If you, dear reader, decide to open a bar, it's really quite simple.  Get everyone drunk, quickly, and hire bathroom attendants willing to squirt soap into your customers' hands.  Oh hell no, we're not in a recession.  The Ferrari up front was paid in cash, I'm quite sure.  And that woman over there? 100% real.  Ok that degraded fairly quickly.  Like my evening.  If you strip everything away and look at it for what it is, Blue Martini is stylish spot to get drunk in an attempt to forget reality.  If that's your thing, and want to feel better about your age, check it out.
Woohoo is right. My hubby and I have gone a few times for happy hour and always enjoyed ourselves. Last night was the best so far. We were enjoying a few Left Hands and ordered the Tuesday night pizza special. It was 2 for 1 basically so we each ordered our fave. Apparently the GM thought my pizza was too done so he brought out the " burnt" one and already had another one cooking. I actually like my pizza that way but hey, I could understand where he was coming from. The second pizza was beautiful, a work of art. My husband's pie was great, all he kept saying was how great the crust was. I wil definitely bring all my friends and clients here. Special service too!  thanks again to Dan the general manager and our delicious server Reina ( sorry there isn't a better word,is there?)            Linda and Ron
I went here for dinner last night with a group and we had excellent service. The specialty drinks were yummy and were a deal! My favorite (out of two I had tried) was the ketel-one pineapple martini! My sister had a house salad, the dressing tasted homemade, and the croutons were nice and crunchy! I had the Positano Steak Sandwich which was great, my only complaint it was a little too salty, and the fries (and I love fries) were tasty! Other people had the lasagna and they loved it. My sister had the baby back ribs and loved them. If you're looking for a pub-like restaurant that has good prices, pretty tasty food (with a good variety of items on the menu), and excellent cocktails, Keegan's is your place!
This place is everything a sports bar should be. Lots and lots of TV's...for one. I love being able to watch 4 different sports and play trivia all at the same time.The drink specials are pretty decent. They're not a dollar or anything, but the big beers are cheap on happy hour.The food is great! So far I've only tried the spinach dip, wings and their all-you-can-eat fish & chips. All of them were seriously delicious! These types of food are pretty standard in sports bars but I've definitely had my fair share of unfortunate food items from other places. These certainly surpassed my expectations.And last but not least, their star of the show, Debbie. One of the best bartenders I've ever seen. She runs that bar like a champ, knows nearly every face that walks through that door, and pours great drinks. And by great, I mean a good stiff drink that's not so strong that you can't taste anything else in it.We frequent this place quite often, and for good reason. Do yourself a favor and stop in!
Totally sufficient for a few rounds of pool or darts while keeping an eye on the 67 tv screens they have mounted on the walls.Just stick to the cheap pitchers of domestic beer. I ordered a rum and coke and it tasted like cleaning products. I would come back, but only if I didn't feel like driving all the way to Lucky Break in Tempe.
Calling all Vegans, Gluten Free's, Vegetarians and those who enjoy eating healthy. Nourish is probably your Garden of Eden. Hidden within the Optima, Nourish is a health food fan's paradise. The environment is fresh and clean and so is the food. Upon walking inside, I noticed how calm and refreshing the restaurant was. Everyone had the same calm attitude and I could tell that this is a restaurant you visit to relax and still feel healthy when you leave. The menu is detailed but not overwhelming. The only overwhelming part was trying to decipher what each icon indicated and soon I learned that most of the food is gluten free, vegan, vegetarian or some other food lifestyle other than carnivore. But, for those not following an alternative food lifestyle, it's still incredibly tasty and makes me rethink my cuisine decisions! Nourish serves breakfast all day (bonus) as well as lunch. It's a great brunch spot. The eggs Benedict is spot on. I can't tell what sort of herb or tweak they add to the hollaindase sauce but it doesn't taste like your typical eggs benedict. Their breakfast sandwich is tasty as well but a little bit more on the dry (and healthy) side. Their ingredients are fresh as is their produce. If they push the cinnamon roll on you it's because it's like a cinnamon god's protege and worth every calorie consumed. Plus it's flowing with frosting. Nourish has a great patio for dining as well as spacious seating inside, but the patio is covered enough that even on a hot day it's comfortable to sit outside. So in summary, Nourish is a good choice if you're looking for a healthy meal that will fill you up. I will absolutely be back and I can't wait to try some of the lunch items that looks tasty. Note: Be sure to check the times before visiting Nourish. I was surprised to find out that they open at 11:00 on Saturdays but 9:00 on Sundays.
I'll go easy because they just opened this location.1)  The onion ring batter won't stay on the onion.  The onion was a bit raw too.  Try soaking the rings for 24 hours in buttermilk.  Then coat twice.  Season the flour with garlic and pepper.  Works for me!2)  The happy hour menu is weak!.  Pretty much chips and snacks type stuff.  Nothing good like sliders etc.3)  The kids mac & cheese is out of a box.  Really guys?  It takes two seconds to make mac  & cheese from scratch.  Go to allrecipes.com if you need help.4)  The burger meat is good in flavor but the burger lacks seasoning.5)  The menu is way too big.  A scaled down menu with better quality would be better.6)  The nachos are nasty with that queso cheese.  People love traditional nachos.  Stack them high and layer them with cheddar.  all the toppings.  You are a sports bar.7)  IMO.. drop all of the steaks etc from the menu.  You're a sports bar.  Leave that to Mastros and Flemings.  People want GOOD bar food in a sports bar.Bottom line....  love the atmosphere, food is OK, beer was cold, price is a little high for what you get, menu is too big, quality of food is OK.  What would I do?  Interview a new fresh Chef to bring in some changes.  Good luck.  I'll stop by again for a happy hour and give you another try.  Cheers.
I got 3 strikes at Verde, hence...I'm out! Strike 1: Not very vegetarian friendly. Strike 2: They have all the necessary items to make nachos, but when asked if they would make me nachos I got a very quick and blunt "NO". Strike 3: When forced to order a meat dish and request they not include the meat (the most EXPENSIVE ingredient) not only did they make no attempt to substitute the meat with maybe beans, or guac, or extra cheese, they still charged full price! I don't want to eat meat and I sure don't want to pay for it. And as far as the food, well, they got that part right, for a place that serves fine fast food, when you ask me how my meal was, my response would be "Fine".
Amanda B organized a UYE for Dim Sum here today.  They do Dim Sum from a menu instead of carts and it works really well.  They also have a picture menu to look at with many of the items on it so folks like me can have a better idea what to order just by picking the picture of stuff they liked on a prior trip.  We were pretty much the only folks there for quite a while and we had the full attention of the staff.  Not all of the staff is fluent in English but I can only recall that being a problem with the tea.  I liked my choices a bit better this time, experience helps, and Marian H was helping me with sauce pairings as there were several to choose from.I almost gave them a 4 but for the restroom.  The fixtures had a lot of corrosion around them and in general the restroom showed a lot of wear.  I flushed the urinal and was washing my hands and it seemed like the running water was very loud, I looked over at the urinal and the valve had stuck and the place was indeed flooded.  I beat on the valve with my fist until it rocked back but by that time the floor was quite deep in water.  I mentioned it to the hostess and they had someone in there with a mop quickly.I would definitely go back here again.
Inside the Clarendon Hotel in central Phoenix, Gallo Blanco has quickly made a hit for themselves with hipsters and urban dwellers alike. They offer a refreshing alternative for hotel restaurants, with lively ambiance and great food and drink.Gallo Blanco's tacos are surefire hits. They're served individually, and come lined up in an appealing silver taco stand. We've ordered the carne asada and shrimp soft tacos, and, wow, they're really mouthwatering. The shrimp is flame grilled and seared, bringing out a nice full flavor. The guacamole is slightly sweet and chunky, and paired with outstanding tortilla chips, this is a must-order appetizer. Even the sauces (I prefer the red chipotle one) are addictive, either to accompany the supreme tacos, or to be enjoyed alone on chips.This restaurant is a fine addition to the emerging downtown Phoenix foodie scene, and with prices extremely reasonable, you get a lot. A good sized meal for two (sans drinks) could ring up at $30-35, which is a good value for great food. Try Gallo Blanco, bring friends, and get a bunch of items. Although I haven't explored the rest of the menu, I sense that Gallo Blanco's items don't stray far from excellence.
I'd always heard tales of the fabled Sonic Drive-In, but it was like a whisper in the wind or a thief in the night...I never truly believed. Legends with tantalizing visions of juicy burgers, golden fries, creamy milk shakes, and flavored sodas came across state lines into Los Angeles, but how could such wonders be true? What began as an ordinary day would end in a night forever seared into the archives of my mind. As we were blindly driving through the dimly lit streets of Phoenix, an illuminated sign appeared to us, as if an answer to a prayer. Sonic came to us all at once in a haze. We ordered burgers, fries, onion rings, popcorn chicken, a corn dog, chili tots, and shakes upon shakes! Oh, the bargains! We laughed! We danced! We wept! The next morning, all I had was the echo of a stomach ache as proof of the marvels of the night before.Maybe, just maybe, if I clap my hands enough and really believe, one will suddenly appear in the South Bay. One can only dare to dream.
Move over Jacques Torres! Angela has come to town and just might be the next big thing for Phoenix (and the confectionary world!) I happened to find this place just on a whim....I was reminiscing the other day about all the wonderful chocolatiers in other big cities, and it occured to me 'maybe there is a chocolatier in Phoenix?'  Sure enough, there is!! (thanks yelp!) and she's GOOD!!!! Angela is as sweet as her candy is! She explained how she just started this business in October of last year; she is a self-taught, talented and creative, as authentic as it gets, chocolatier! She uses all organic ingredients, including fair-trade organic chocolate. You will find many whimsical truffle flavor creations like Raspberry Rose, Mudslide, Strawberry Balsamic, Lavender Lemonade, Madras Curry, Avacado Wasabi, Maple-Smoked Bacon (yeah, I KNOW!)....and like a million more! AND the best news of all, is that she says she has perfected a dairy-free recipe for truffles...I. CAN'T. WAIT! I hope I'm the first to order that batch!! Besides beautiful, flavorful truffles, she makes her own marshmallows (in various amazing flavors as well) Chocolate Bark (which is always dairy-free) and even different hot chocolate mixes. The most amazing thing of all is....now, get ready for this....all of this magic comes right out of her home kitchen!! THAT means, everything is made with *love* :)  So, if you happen to yelp this, like I did, the map will actually take you to her business, which is located in her house, in a neighborhood (a little confusing at first....) but it IS LEGIT! She said normally it's by appointment only (I was not) but she gladly had me in and I got to see some of her gastronomic creations anyways (yay!) However, she says that she normally sells her stuff at the South Scottsdale Farmers Market (Wednesdays) and the Tempe Farmers Market (on Warner and McClintock on Saturdays) In fact, if you go to her website, you can customize a box of chocolates and pick it up at the farmers market of your choice... (can't wait to do this!!)Needless to say, this made my day...no, like, my week! SO excited to have a real, gourmet chocolatier right in my own neck of the woods! Woo hoo!!
It was a Sunday morning & Mimi's was PACKED! We walked in, gave the hostess our name & told the wait wouldn't be too long considering it was just the two of us. The décor was French quarter New Orleans-themed, with Parisian style knick knacks & art work abound. A bit on the kitchy side, but quite nifty IMO! What I found to be not only impressive but wise was that they had free coffee, mini muffins & sample size nut loafs for the waiting patrons, which mostly consisted of seniors & families. Following the hostess to our table, I couldn't help but notice, the humongous portion size of ALL of their dishes. The menu had so many mouth watering choices, but considering I was feeling ill, I ordered a bowl of granola & a (YU-MMY) buttermilk spice muffin. Boring I know, but lemme make it up to you by talking about moms dish, the 3 egg avocado & crab omelet which was made w/ jack cheese, tomatoes, scallions, bacon & asiago cream sauce, accompanied by red potatoes, choice of one of their mega-sized (hot & fresh) muffins & fresh squeezed O.J. The service was on the slow side, perhaps understaffed or just overwhelmed, but our waiter made it up to us by giving me choice of beverage & extra muffins, no charge. For those of you who want healthier options, don't you fret, they offer a Fresh & Fit menu as well. All in all, I really enjoyed my dining experience @ this Mimi's location & will definitely return if I'm ever back in Phoenix.
Went here because of a groupon, will probably not go back without one.  Cons:Overpriced, flat out.  Plus, like other reviewers have said, they RUN OUT of a lot of good stuff.  Also, I know this is something small, but as their menu changes, they should update it online.  Had I known the menu would be so different, I would have waited for another week to get a meal I would ACTUALLY want (as opposed to settling).  Also, we had reservations and had to wait 20 minutes.  Not a huge deal, but a personal pet peeve.Pros:  The food was good, but like I said, overpriced.  Since I had a deal, I didn't mind as much.  Atmosphere is nice, and I loved the extras (we got a few small tasting, palate cleansers?).  The cotton candy was fab, and though the strawberry dessert was NOT my first choice, it was truly delicious, and I may go back JUST for that dish!  I love the location, and the staff was incredibly friendly, informative, and courteous.  Knock down the prices and I'd give it at least 4 stars!
This is the old Rigatony's on Brown Rd- If you've never been, it has a Buca di Bepo-ish, before Buca was cool, sort of feel. They even serve their house chianti in a small water glass, instead of a wine goblet- adding to an authentic "Joisey" kind of feel.This is traditional Italian-American fare, rich and flavorful- with big portions. The Chicken Piccata is crack-good. It's served in what I've come to learn is a Sicilian style, with a n awesome relish of tomatoes, capers, and green olives and a side of addictive Fett Alfredo. It never gets old.Another great authentic dish is their Cecca- you can get it as a "Pie" (Pizza, that is) or over pasta. You just have try it. It's rich, refreshing, and explosively flavorful all at once.The house salad is a variation on a traditional AntiPasto theme- and is a meal, and event, in and of its self.The best thing about Mardeneley's is that EVERYTHING on the menu is good! It only gets Four stars because it could use a bit more snob appeal (and a better beer selection).
The three of us ate at Famous Dave's last evening and had a really nice time! We stopped in around 5:30 or so and were seated at a booth in the bar area. It was still early, so there was plenty of seating throughout the restaurant. Our server came by a few moments after we were seated and asked about our drink order. Nice. If you have never been to a Famous Dave's, it's sort of like a Texas Roadhouse, which is a complement. I've had some really good BBQ over the years in local Roadhouses throughout the US, and clearly this chain has copied the model. We started with some onion strings and chicken tenders off the Happy Hour menu along with our drinks. Both were good, but ordinary. What made them good was Dave's sauce. At each table you have five or six choices, as well as the sauce that came from the kitchen. For dinner we order a Pulled-Pork sandwich with sides, a large BBQ Huli platter and some Texas steak tips grande nachos. Each was delicious and large enough that we couldn't finish. One observation on portions, they are large -- like two Styrofoam take home boxes large For dessert we order some $1.98 mini puddings and brownies. Just the right size for everyone after a large dinner. Fellow Yelper Scott D put it best in his 7/23/10 review: "Famous Dave's consistently delivers no matter which location you go to". Our party of three heartily agrees! The tab came to $69.49, including taxes but without tip. We thought that was fair given the serving size and the tastiness of the food. We will be back! Enjoy!
Wow! Some of the best barbecue in the state!! The pulled pork and the BBQ Baked Beans are a must try!!!
I admit I'm not a huge BBQ fan, as it usually makes me feel like exploding afterwards but since my dining partner loves BBQ, we've eaten here a lot. The meat is pretty good but at least one of the meats has been dry each time I've been. My favorite has been the ham. The spicy BBQ sauce is pretty darn tasty too. I've found myself putting black pepper on the mac and cheese to spice it up and haven't been all that impressed with the rest of their sides either. I'm a big fan of sides at BBQ places, even more than the meat, so when sides disappoint I get sad. :(I dumped out their homemade root beer after one sip. Don't know what was about it but it was very *off for me, and I seriously love root beer. My dining partner loved it so ehhh...maybe it's just me. The place is very interesting on the inside, the decor reminds me of a mid century cafeteria but more modern. They have a huge hand painted mural of a farm and a large outdoor seating area for parents to let their kids run around in while they eat. Joe's gets packed. I've seen the line wrap around to the outside on the weekends. I don't think it's worth waiting the 20-30 minutes in line for, but then again I don't think a lot of places are worth that wait for cafeteria style dining.
Well, it dropped a star for me, and I'll tell you why. Eaten there probably 20 time in the last quarter. I've had it all; All you can eat sushi, bowls, desert, beer. Ate alone, ate with Sandra K, ate with son and family (including 3 year old grandson who plays drums with the chopsticks) had a party of 12 there.Service....slow on Saturday for the AYES, otherwise I can't complain. There are some "bright" spots. First, it's close to my neighborhood, a start and there is more than sushi and that is helpful when you have non-sushi lovers with you. The bowls are very good and you can order them in the heat index you like. Funny names to them as well, like the "Exit Wound Bowl" or "The Classified Bowl with this description;Don't Order this Bowl".Squid Salad is great, great, great! Calamari, ok. Hey they put a lot of thought into their beer selection and that is cool. And their dessert sushis are very unique.As for the sushi....I now have way too many sushi restaurants to try and they are all falling over themselves for your business. Sushi has become really "hip" lately but there will be a fall out in this category as the economy continues to slow and people, let's face it, are pulling back. This is not a place for a sushi purist, but give me good food, a cool gathering place (close to my central Phoenix abode) and I will be there. Sushi has got to get better for me to rate higher and "earn" my business.
Pros... Quick, good, cooked right, self serve condiments, friendly staff. Good choice of size and type of meat. fresh buns, self serve drinks. Good Good Good.Cons... The place is a little run down, they sometimes no self serve trash bins.
After stepping off the plane hungry, I looked around the terminal for food as I walked to the next gate. "Wait a minute, I'm in Arizona. I should get some southwestern style food or mexican food. Is that a burrito place? Surely it can't be bad." I ordered a #1, standard burrito. I take a bite. And another. "Not bad I thought." Then I took another bite. And promptly spit it out.The cheddar cheese in my burrito was moldy. And no, I'm sure it wasn't blue cheese. It was even obvious visually. After pointing the cheese out to the manager, she brushed it off as "the bag was just opened, it's not possible" even after showing the obvious mold. People around me started looking uncomfortable. Someone muttered "wow" and stepped out of the line.The best part? I wasn't even offered a refund or a new burrito, or an apology for the moldy burrito. Are you kidding me?
A philosophical elder of my profession commonly says "Everyone needs three vices.  Sex and chocolate don't count."  If I still lived in Phoenix, LoLo's Chicken and Waffles would definitely be one of my vices.  The chicken is pure fried goodness. The mac n'cheese is creamy and crispy goodness. The waffles are BEYOND DELICIOUS.  If I could give any future LoLo's consumers a hint it would be this: if you are sensitive to too much sugar like I am, don't waste your precious pancreatic islets on the beverages.  I succumbed to the peer-pressure and got an Arnold Palmer, which of course comes in a quart-sized Mason jar.  I reached my sugar capacity before the meal even started.  I can only imagine the explosion of flavor in my mouth I would have experienced had I not wasted all my buds on sweetened tea and lemonade.
Trust me... no one wants this place to do well more than me. However, after 4 visits I have to confess that it is a solid 2-stars. I'm confident in my comments... and maybe a little heartbroken.1. Loved Chef Wade Moises when he was at SASSI in Scottsdale. I'm a fan for god's sake.2. I'm a big pasta-crazed fool. Seriously love it.  3. Love dwntwn Phx.So what could go wrong? Service: No one to greet you properly at the door. The space is awkward enough as it is.  Staff was always inattentive and often seen hanging out at the bar. When asked why cocktails the "signature cocktails" took so long to prepare, the server responds clumsily "Because I had to read and learn how to make them just now." Yikes.Back to the greeting... We waited about 2 minutes in the doorway listening to staff sitting at the bar chat about how they hoped they could close early that night. It was only 4:30 pm.Vibe:The space feels cold and almost clinical. With the lack of fabric in the space, it feels like I'm the ER of a hospital (minus the curtains that surround each patient bed.) The staff certainly doesn't add warmth. Also reminds me of a corporate staff break room. Art on the walls is just bizarre (read other's comments.)The Cocktails:They look good on paper. See my comment above about Service. That's all I can really say. The Food:Each time, the Fritto Misto app ($9) was salty and sad to look at. Orecchiette with Sausage ($15) looks fantastic on paper, but never quite right. In fact, I've tried every pasta dish on the menu. I'm simply heartbroken. I crave handmade fresh pasta, but the pasta here just leaves me guessing... I'm I the odd ball out? Why do all these Yelpers love the pasta? It's wimpy and the proteins almost taste boiled (texture and flavor.) Approx quote from a guest, "gummy handmade pasta that looks like bloated playdoh in water." The sauces seem near amateur as if they were never tasted before serving. Usually on the salty side.Forget about portions, price, space, ambiance, whatever. The important question... DOES IT TASTE GOOD? Sadly, no.At each visit, I brought other notable chefs from the Valley. In one instance, the five of us ordered an entire dinner, ate a few bites of each dish, asked for the bill and decided to head next door to Sens for dinner (which is another review in the making.)I'll wait till sometime in the fall season before heading back to Pasta Bar. Maybe it needs more time (although it's been open for a few months already.) As always, I'd encourage you to try it out and make your own decision. Wade is a talented chef who can do amazing things in the kitchen. I have faith in you my friend!Side note... for those of you who fixate on butter and bread service at restaurants, do us all a favor and stick to your cheap filler salad bars. Bread and butter service is simply never worth commenting on as a crucial component of a meal unless it's stellar.  (BTW... I realize the irony of making commentary on the worthless comments)
Drinking coffee from Cartel makes me want to get my own San Franciscan SF-25B Coffee Roaster, in much the same way I wanted my own pottery wheel after seeing the movie Ghost.It's. That. Good.
I will start with our experience from the time we walked in. The customers sitting in the restaurant stared and some laughed. I guess we missed the whites only sign on the front door. However my husband and I love to try new things and don't care what people think. The hostess however was nice and pleasant. Our waiter was also great.  The food here was delicious for an appetizer we had the stuffed mushrooms which were to die for. Our main entrees were the German meatloaf and my husband ordered the tenderloin. My whipped potatoes were so delicious. The cabbage was awesome not to sweet not to salty and the meatloaf was refreshing. My husband enjoyed his tenderloin and fries as well. It was seasoned perfectly.The skinny is if you don't mind being treated like the 13th amendment was never signed by the patrons of Haus Murphy's and want some Excellent German food this is the place to go. The staff here were great though.
I am a huge "foodie", from a long line of "foodies". I grew up living in hotels and on room service and fine dining. This is the best, very best, breakfast restaurant EVER! I have been living in Tempe for about six years now, the first two sad sad years I did not know that this wonderful place existed...after my first visit, this is my go-to, best place to recommend, favorite breakfast place to eat at! If you go on a Sunday, it will be very very busy. Everyone is super friendly. The place is very clean. Prices are amazing! Cheaper or as cheap as the nasty breakfast places or fast food. Huge portions and great quality food. I have never had a bad experience here, and to be honest...even if I did, I wouldn't care. I feel like home here. Everything on the menu is delicious! I've tried almost everything. Here are a few of my favorites (don't forget though, I love it all) :O'Pear Grenache Omelette, Greek Fetash Omelette, English Harvest Omelette, Huevos Con Chorizo (with scrambled eggs), and the Blueberry Hill Girdle Cakes (pancakes! you can order half an order or little ones...we always get an order to share at the table). Their potatoes are delicious and crispy, the english muffins are great and their homemade jam is absolutely amazing! I have bought many jars of their jam to give as gifts! Just delicious! I wish everyone knew about this well kept secret. DON'T LISTEN TO ANY REVIEW UNDER A 5 STAR! This place is the best, bottom line. Try it. You will be hooked.
Went to Cracker Barrel twice while vacationing at our home in Litchfield Park.  All the food we ordered were very good and the service was good also.  I highly recommend their pancakes.
Indian food is often minimized by attempts to make it less exact and somehow more palatable by other cultures.  This is at the cost often of not allowing the original beauty of the cuisine to be savoured by all. In fact, my visit to the Indian Paradise was not without some sarcasm and pessimism on my part given that so many places in the area get it wrong when it comes to this genre.  Boy, was I wrong!  Don't let the fascade of the place fool you.  When you enter, it takes a few seconds to smell the fact that you are going to have the genuine article here.  If you go at lunch time, you can experience the buffet.  I went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was perfectly poised for a sunset dining experience.ALL the food...from the nan to the lamb curry, to the tea, to the samosas to the califlower....EVERYTHING was really good.  But I have to also add that there was a certain family-like atmosphere created by the staff and the service was unassuming yet intuitive.  I found that I did not want to leave.  I just wanted to stay here and talk and snack a little.  That's kind of hard to achieve in a strip mall restaurant yet, this did not feel like that.You should go for yourself and see if I was just way too nostalgic for good Indian or whether its really worth 4 stars.
I found this place whilst trying to find good mac and cheese places on yelp. I'll be honest, I love my wine and I love my cheese. Bonus points if its melted over mac.And they do great mac and cheese. Some better than others- my favorite so far has actually been the spinach and pesto. If you want the chorizo, I say pass. The spinach or the bacon is much better. If you're into bleu cheese, the bleu cheese mac is VERY bleu. Take that for what it's worth. That's not all they do either. Their entrees are consistently great. My boyfriend got some scallops that were incredible, though I don't think it's on their menu now.Their wines are great too. I'll be honest, I'm no connoisseur, but they had a moscato from Israel that the bf still drools over. It's enough that the next time I was there I picked up a whole bottle, just for him. I've also had one of their mojitos and that was great as well.As a note- if you're in for happy hour and get a cheese plate... I really do think its better to splurge and get a regular cheese plate. I got a happy hour cheese plate, and it's... miniscule. All of the stuff that made their non happy hour cheese plate awesome was diminished. 1 cheese instead of 3. No boursin. Fewer crackers. Less of that fantastic orange blossom honey and apples. You get my drift. Definitely a must try. Service is great and attentive, and it's always been nice and quiet when I went in.
Margie's just opened about two months ago. I stumbled upon it while looking for the Eba Cafe. This little place is open Monday-Saturday, 5:30am to 2:30pm. It is a great stopping point for commuters looking to get a coffee or breakfast bagel pick-me-up, check some email (they've got FREE WIRELESS!) and head into or out of Tempe.I ordered a simple coffee and the egg-and-cheese toasted on an everything bagel. Tasty and a truly satisfying treat without a ding to the wallet.The place is very clean, soft comfy couches near bright windows, and Margie is just delightful. Great place to chat and concentrate away from the main throws of other well-worn coffee houses.Expect to find me there often--mainly because I want to keep this coffee house close, alive and well!
AMC Esplanade is by far the most successful navigator of the new "Dinner and a Movie" blue ocean the theater industry is starting to penetrate (that's right, I just referenced Blue Ocean Strategy, get over it).  No, it's not an extremely enlightened idea. I've been sneaking Bacardi into theaters since 2003 so it's about time theaters realize they should probably attempt to turn a profit off of it, but AMC really upped the game by not only providing me the option of purchasing alcoholic beverages from THEM, but also upgraded chairs, and a ton of delicious food (Including the obligatory $4 box of candy which is hilarious sitting next to a $9 burger. Like "Don't mind this $9 full meal over here, we still stand firm that Gummi Bears are worth their weight in gold.")Yes, it's more expensive than a regular ticket. Almost double for the nice seats. But trust me, YOU WANT THOSE SEATS. You will regret not getting the $15 seats if you don't buy the $15 seats so just pony up the cash and delight in the fact that movie theaters are now almost as comfortable as watching a movie in your own home. This theater is so nice it even makes bad movies tolerable. I saw The Master here and probably would have stabbed myself in the eye with my embezzled Bacardi flask if I didn't have a comfy recliner and three glasses of wine to get me through it. I seriously won't go to a movie anywhere else and I guarantee you'll say the same once you go. FIVE STARS.
Stingray Sushi is where we go for sushi .Sleek ,beautiful interior and very ,very clean ! This dining house has large 13 or so foot doors that when open ,seamlessly link the patio potion with the interior dining area ,a very good design flow,indeed. The patio itself is very comfortable as it has great seating .The service has always been wonderful ,the sushi very fresh with beautiful presentation .We like to get the sushi boat , edamame ,and beef yakitori.The fire dragon rolls( though on the small side) are also yummy.Drinks are very good here ..the sinful orchid (yum)a very pretty drink .And their HH is really good as well .
Sauce is a great Quick Serve place.  I had the Chix Caesar Salad it was large and filling and quite good.  The sangria is nice as well...I like the koolaid touch around the edge of the glass.  My man had the bruchetta caprese style and it was awesome...the tomatoes were perfectly ripe and the mozzarella was fresh and creamy.  The bread was a really crusty yet fluffy yet able to hold up to the mix piece of wonder...we found out they get it from LaBrea.  If you want a great quick lunch or dinner check it out...we look forward to trying the pizza and pasta next time!
I just don't think I'm much of a brewery gal. Granted, the beer here blows Four Peaks out of the water, but I'd much rather have a nice cocktail than chew though a specialty brew. But if beer is your poison of choice, they've got just about everything. The happy hour is kind of weak here though, with like a buck off all drafts. Thoroughly meh.You can peruse the coolers and grab a cold one or choose from 20+ drafts they have on the menu. No Bud Light here though. Sorry frat chumps. They used to have a ton of wine here as well (like, ages ago) but it has since been narrowed down to just four choices, none of which were calling my name this last go round. Their Orange Blossom wheat beer was a bit like drinking an orange creamsicle in beer form. Almost like a cider with floral notes, a light finish and a super creamy mouthfeel. (Oh yeah, bitches. I just went there.) The perfect beer for the novice drinker to enjoy. Their IPA was also pretty decent, but was more bitter than I care for, although it stayed far away from feeling like I was drinking a bottle of grassy perfume. Solid.I thought they had deals on happy hour food (again, like a buck off) but last time I went it was no dice. At least the food's reasonably priced. Tasty rueben, craptastic hummus, crispy quesadilla. The acoustics in this place are kind of shitty, so go on an off time when it won't be packed, or run the risk of smiling and nodding amicably while hearing every other snippet of convo. The high top tables are also really uncomfortable for shorties like me to sit at, but c'est la vie. My biggest peeve about this place is the gigando assy television against the wall. For a place this small, a big ass mofo tv is just  not the way to go.
Imagine for a minute that you're waiting in a really long line. No, it's not the line ride. You see a menu on the wall with your ordering options, but before you are anywhere near someone that could take your order, you're yelled at."Hey! What do you want?"Don't be afraid, but don't be surprised either. Keep your cool and order your dogs. Immediately start thinking about if you want fries or rings (onion rings) and be prepared for when you're called upon again. Then watch as your hot dog is mutilated in front of your eyes and what appears on your tray is what looks like a hot mess of decapitated food.Never fear though... because it is amazing. Well worth the wait and one of the best dogs you'll ever have. My favorites here are the white hot and the bratwurst. Whenever I know I'm going, I end up salivating like Pavlov's dog for hours.The booths are classic hot dog stand style and the pennants lined up along the top of the walls are fantastic to look at. One started a whole conversation and research one day about a basketball team we knew nothing about.
Now accepts plastic!  Now accepts plastic!  Did you hear me?  Harvey's now accepts plastic!I've lived around the corner from Harvey's for a little over 4 years now.  I had lunch there once in the mid 1990's, and went in to watch a Suns playoff game a few years back when my friend was decked out in Spurs gear and we were nearly lynched at Half Moon.  Quick lunch with a girlfriend who was in the mood for a burger about a year ago.  While I love, and I do mean LOVE a good dive bar, this place scared the crap out of me.  I'm young, not hideous, female, and not of the meth-head variety - so not only did I not blend, but I felt targeted.  Sad, really.  The ONE bar within easy drunk stumbling distance from my house, and I wasn't happy going there.  During a weekday for lunch was more or less okay.  But evenings are when the freaks come out.  And I don't mean the freaks like me.  I mean the dangerous crazy ones - not just the fun crazy ones.  There's a difference!Well, enter the new roommate.  He was disinclined to believe my review, and insisted we go.  I resisted until late Saturday night, when he came home at 1am and insisted I get dressed so we could go there for an hour.  Maybe I was tired.  Maybe I needed a change of pace.  Whatever the reason, I gave in, got dressed and we walked over to Harvey's.YAY!  According to Echo, the bartender (yes, it's her real name.  her parents are hippies like mine), the owner has been working hard to improve the place (read: clientele) for over a year.  It shows!  Echo is three shades of awesome - the perfect gal to be running the bar!  Easy smile, quick wit, great sense of humor and the talent to mix a great drink while cooking any of the grub from the menu.  She is a one woman show and pulls it off like a champ!June drink specials included $2.00 Beam 5 Star bourbon, Yukon Jack, and I don't remember what else.  I asked for a bourbon and coke, the roommate asked for his bourbon neat.  (Brave - cheap bourbon *needs* to be cut with something!).  The pour is solid and consistent  Oh, and did I mention you can get a mixed drink, anytime day or night for just two bucks?  For $2!!Two drinks for me, two shots for him, a beer chaser for him and a cheese wineburger split between us.  Under $14!!  Holy hell, it's cheaper to drink here than it is at home!And at home - we don't have the entertainment of the other patrons.  Like Cowboy who would do the splits on demand.  And suggest my roommate go through the needed steps for a game of "rodeo" with his girlfriend. You just can't make this up!Oh - and he bestowed slightly drunk me with a new nickname.Apparently, I am a "prick ass bitch."  I don't know how he meant it, but I am taking it as a compliment and will wear it with pride!Oh, yes.  I will certainly be back!  A LOT.
This cafe provided me with my first Ethiopian cuisine experience. It was delicious and I am eager to go back. The most impressive thing to me was their selection of vegetarian dishes. They had as many options as those with meat which I really appreciate (doesn't happen very often.) The service was great. You can tell this is a family run restaurant that cares about their patrons. The food is very reasonably priced which make it easy to try a variety of dishes. We started with the shorba which is a lentil based soup. This was probably my favorite part of the meal, it was absolutely delicious---satisfying and hearty. We also had the vegetable combination which had 5 different dishes served on the injera, a crepe-like bread you eat the main dishes with.This is a fun way to eat (with your hands) and opened up a new world of foods for us! Can't wait to go back and devour a bowl of shorba.
I guess this is an east coast/midwest thing because I really don't get it. I'm not a picky eater and I HATE wasting food and money, but I could not finish my plate. I ordered french toast and I was not aware that my french toast was going to be deep fried. Seriously, when I put my fork through it, a piece of fried toast hit me in the eye. My husband was also not impressed with his food. If someone would like to suggest something delicious on the menu that I should try, please let me know because I currently want to vomit every time I see a Chompie's.
The food really is exceptional. Its like the chefs create these perfect little bites, and they literally are bites, of food that are so interesting to taste.I'd recommend the sampler dinner. I want to say it runs about $40- $50 but its worth it as long as you like what's included.IT IS EXPEN$IVE. BUT the BF and I have been dying to try out this restaurant due to all the rave reviews it has been receiving on Yelp. LUCKILY a Groupon appeared for NOCA and we jumped on the opportunity. Turned out the fab deal was only marginally helpful. Even with the Groupon it was still a $150 dinner (plus the cost of the groupon...).  Granted we did get a bottle wine (but the cheapest we could find), espresso and a french press cafe... It's like you analyze how much everything costs as you're ordering and are still shocked when the bill comes- I hate that.Our reservation wasn't until 8:30pm at night, no big deal. The restaurant was still PACKED! AND people kept coming through the door!It is not a large venue. And the tables are CRAMMED, uber close together. I know that the four-some sitting next to us are going to Isreal next month, right after their family vacation to Minnesota....
four star average?Why?This place is a chain restaurant with a silly name - the family made me eat here and I will tell you this - the only thing four star here are the sexy tall young fit waiters.... everything else is weak and salty...At least they serve bourbon - but seriously the cocktail menu was silly and the preparation by the untrained bartenders was obvious - silly rolls with honey butter oh that's cute -the food was applebees meets outback  - one of those taste of the world menus - my dad was silly enough to order the prime rib - it looked like a swanson frozen dinner - poor dad - IT IS CALLED WHITE CHOCOLATE GRILL - what does that mean - oh it means we are silly and have duped people into thinking we are a trendy restaurant.So sad - seriously the service is lovely and attentive the food is better prepared and home with more flavor and less salt - i guess the real french fries - the string kind were yummy but I needed to up my BP meds.oh and a funny decor thing - they use rolled up, stacked utensils in napkins as sorta sculptural decor around the restaurant - sorta weird
This is one of those places that I always seem to forget to review.  I guess maybe because it seems everyone already knows this place is great!!The important details you need to know:- Live music sometimes- Great happy hour food specials- Most wines (3/4 of the wine list) is $5 a glass before 6pm.  Use your Yelp check-in offer to drop that to $3.  YES I SAID THREE DOLLARS!!!!!!- Great bruschetta, burgers, and everything else. Chef's specials are often enough vegetarian so that's nice for someone like me- Great back patio that isn't super obvious to a first-timer that it exists- Clean bathrooms! You know all of the above doesn't matter in the slightest bit if the restrooms are nasty- Wine specials on the 5th of every month.  Now, I have never participated but I think it's like $2 for a specific wine. But since you can use the Yelp check-in offer, I haven't bothered since it's cah-razy cheap every day!!
If only it wasn't all the way up there... i'd be on it like a lush at the FEZ happy hour... margaritas, martinis oh my! Anyways that's how I would describe my dinner outing to Los Reyes de la Torta with my best, Sara V. She thought of it and I bought it... so off we went after work on Monday night to Los Teyes de la Torta for some Torta goodness. The only Torta I've had prior is at Gallo Blanco. and they Ribeye there is delicious but here we were at Los Reyes and the menu was huuugggge! Sara V. was hungry so we started with an app, the chicharron quesadilla estilo del rey which is with queso, pico, onions, and jalapenos. I got horchata as a drink, and Sara V. got mango juice. Felt tropical and I guess it went with the feeling of mugginess outside. Anywho, the quesadilla was big, and really a meal in itself. For our entrees we decided to split two tortas, they were the Arizona Torta  and the Mexicana Torta - steak, sauteed onions, jalapenos. They were both big in its own right, half a torta is filling on its own. Sum up our experience, the tortas are really good, altho i can always pass up the Mexicana and try something else. The horchata was alright, nothing phenomenal unlike La Condesa which has a very interesting and really yummy Horchata. Not a big fan of Mexican mangoes coz personally I don't think that they're sweet, Filipino mangoes are still Queen! The quesadilla was yummy, liked it very much. I think it's proof that when more than half their clientele are Latinos is that it's a good torta shop. The dinner was not pricey and I had leftovers but really liked it and will come back soon!
i was really unimpressed with the pizza here.it's conveninetly located, but never very busy, even at it's prime location by a bar even on a friday night.cheap slices, and easy to get in and out of, but of all the many, many people i know who frequent this area, none of them really ever eat there.
Glad to say this place is still going strong a little over a year after my first visit/review. Wanna try it? Then visit on a Tuesday night for $1 tacos and $2 cervezas! They have amazingly good Tacos and Salsa, and an excellent Tequila bar. Do try the grilled corn on the cob.Excellent place to hang all night with friends - great drinks, great food, great prices.
Yeah, yeah, I know there are already like fifty-something reviews for this place, most of them four or five stars, I don't care. Here's one more, another twig on the bonfire celebrating Richardson's awesomeness...The food's the same awesome New Mexican cuisine as Dick's Hideway around the corner, but eating here is a totally different experience. The dark pueblo interior with Native American rugs surrounding the high-backed booths provides a great deal of privacy for you and your party. I recommend any and all of the seafood dishes - my favorites include the shrimp quesadilla and the scallops... OMG the scallops, so good when I think about 'em they make me lose control and type text message shorthand like "OMG". Of course my friends constantly remind me that as much as I love the food here, I can't truly appreciate it because I don't eat the meat dishes, which, according to them, are even better. And they're probably right. They usually are.Went with a group of 6 last week, which seems to be about as large as the booths at Richardson's can handle (for much larger groups there's a private room available at Dick's). Service was super friendly and extremely efficient. Yeah, it can be a little pricy depending on what you order, but in my opinion, totally worth it. Sometimes you gotta splurge.
Nice looking place with average food and horrible service.  Everything took forever and no one came by to see how we were doing.  We literally watched our server going around setting tables and taking napkins off of empty tables rather than making himself available to us.  He wandered around from table to table in a completely unoccupied area of the restaurant the majority of the time we were there.  The food was luke-warm and nothing special.  I was only here once so I hate to be so down on the place, but based on the other reviews my experience sounds pretty typical.  Don't waste your money.
Where to start???The owners are very kind... say hi to Benny in the kitchen!!!My wife and I found this place while living in the culinary-void NW Valley of Phoenix, and we have eaten here probably 50 times over a 3-year period.  Everything is good:GryosChicken PitaSouvlakiGreek Salads are probably one of the best salads that we have ever eatenFries are always freshZatsiki sauce is stellarThe atmosphere is a bit void, but people don't come to 35th and Thunderbird for the atmosphere...  they come for great food at a great price.
double-double, protein style, with pickles and spread only please. and a medium iced tea. in-n-out gets it. i like my burger the way i like it, and they don't mind serving it my way. they have never screwed up my order. they have the best iced tea, and fresh lemon wedges that aren't pathetically small. they pay their workers a fair wage, and you can tell - they're all nice and happy. love me some yummy, cheap eats and service with a smile!
I'm pretty sure that Palee's Crown is the best Thai place I have ever been to. The service is always great, and the Owner comes out to talk to us whenever we are there.The food is so amazing, I have never tried something that I disliked at all. I especially love the Pad Thai and the Currys. I am always full and completely satisfied by the time I leave. I also recommend trying the Thai Iced Tea to drink if you are like me and enjoy weird authentic drinks, and for dessert be sure to get the coconut ice cream. Don't make excuses about trying to spend less money or that you are being careful about what you're eating, just try it.The prices are good and if you're not sure what to try, stick with a curry but remember that Asian spices are very distinct, and very spicy.
While in Phoenix for about 36 hours, I lunched at Hooters twice. It was easily located across from my hotel and it was a weekend, which meant I could catch both the collegiate and professional football games as well as playoff baseball. I take Hooters for what it is, pretty decent fried food, a restaurant that caters to men, and always has a game on. This in mind, I didn't anticipate anything other then a beer and something to eat.I sat at the bar both times and the bartender, Brittany was extremely friendly and made a point to learn (while IDing) and remember everyone's name-- which I thought was a nice touch. She was always willing to change channels to make sure everyone's game was being aired which was appreciated as well. They have a good football special-- 10 boneless wings with all you can eat fries for $5.99 during any football game.  The $3.50 25oz Shock Top beers were a deal as well. It was odd for me to see a kid's birthday party in the restaurant on Sunday, but to each their own.
Move over Maizie's you've been replaced...for brunch that is. I have a tradition with a lucky few of at least once a weekend going to Maizie's for their brunch and getting smashed. Oh, and we eat a little too.Everything changed this weekend though when we went to Postino on Central for their brunch debut. The food was so ridiculous good, that we actually forgot to drink. Did you hear me?? FORGOT TO DRINK!!Since it was our first time there, we ordered a variety of options. I had the Country Toast, which was toasted MJ Bread, topped with Italian Ham, Gruyere Cheese, and a sunny-side up egg. Ho-ly shit. Each bite became increasingly better than the last. It was the perfect bite over and over and over again. The ham had a nice little spice to it, the gruyere cheese had an intoxicating tang to it, the egg was, well, an egg, and the toast really brought it all together incredibly. And it was huge. I barely got through half if it before I had to give up.My brunch date got Postino's take on French Toast. To be honest, I am not huge on sweets first thing in the morning, however I would have bathed in this french toast. It was creamy, not overly sweet, and literally melted in my mouth.I ordered a White Peach Bellini at the beginning of our meal per norm and while it was spectacular with actual peach puree in the bottom of my champagne flute, I completely ignored it after the first bite of my meal. Me. Ignoring anything in a champagne flute. I know.I feel a bit like the blase housewife who just cheated on her husband for the first time with the pool boy, but I'm sorry Maizie's, consider me shacked up with said pool boy every weekend in the early hours from here on out!
HORRIBLE service - did nothing to correct our experience.On July 7, 2011, my date  and I arrived around 6:30 pm, well dressed and ready to enjoy a celebratory dinner without any financial limitations. We would have easily spent $250+.Instead, after an hour of being seated  to review our menus we were never offered more than a cocktail.Tables around us were receiving quality attention by other servers...complete with the run down of the specials, house favorites, answering questions, etc. We, on the other hand, were lucky to have our make server look at us, much less take us to the next step our level in our dining experience.When the table behind us, seated a good 15 mins after us, received bread before we were, my date and I decided that was our tipping point and would not stay any longer.When our server came to ask if we were ready to order we informed him  we would not be staying for dinner  and would like the bill for the cocktail.Never once did the server apologize, offer what he could do to make things right, etc. Needless to say, we were stunned. The hostess thanked us for dining on our way out...again, we both gritted our teeth with frustration. However, later we discovered that after an hour of sitting in the dining room, we were there long enough to enjoy a meal. It's unfortunate we never got the opportunity to, however.What did go right was...we were promptly seated and the cocktail server provided decent service.
Zoe's get's a solid 3 stars b/c they have the raddest, most sinfully delightful chocolate cake around. The best part is it's only $2.00!  The reasonably sized slice of cake totally makes up for the boring, albeit sometimes satisfying food.  The chx kabobs are pretty awesome, enough for two people.  Comes with two huge scewers of chx, peppers, cherry tomatoes... over a bed of salad and rice pilaf.  Pretty delish.  The Gruben Sandwich is also a hit.  FYI -- If you don't like Feta, stay away from this place.  They put it on just about everything.  They trully believe in that old addage, "Feta makes it Betta!"
We had a fun, early dinner on the patio here at BoomBozz.  The advertised happy hour specials appeared to be a very good value; my fave was the soft pretzels & cheese.  I also had the wedge salad and it was excellent - they don't skimp on the blue cheese!  My son had the pepperoni pizza and even his discriminating palate was very happy.  A crisp blonde draft (for me) and ice cream (for him) polished us off and we left full & happy.
Fez is RIGHT down the street from where I work, hence due to its location + general fabulousness, it has become a regular spot for happy hour.Here's What we LOVE about Fez:-Sweet Potato Fries (sooo good--sprinkled with cinnamon by the way)-Kisra and Hummus!-The Black Bean Burger (the first time I ordered it, I asked the server: "Now, is this one of those really bad black bean burgers or does it actually taste good?"  She said, "I totally know what you mean, no this one is good."-and she was right!)-Margarita Mondays (aka 2 for one Margaritas--check out the pomegranate one!!)-The atmosphere--blue and green tones while still being warm-The friendly service-The close proximity to light railHere's what we don't like as much:-The slow service (sometimes it gets kind of bad, I feel like you have to be an active restaurant goer and hail down your server--otherwise you may never get to order, get more water/another drink, or get your check)-When happy hour ends (I mean, who likes that anywhere?)Fez makes me very happy to work in downtown Phoenix.
A new player in the Downtown Phoenix food scene, Bliss is a creation by the folks behind the Fez, Switch, and Ticoz empire. They occupy a buliding once occupied by Fate and Nine|05, the former of which was one of my favorite restaurants.Entering the restaurant, we were greeted with an odor of mildew and dirty water, which isn't exactly a pleasant way to arrive into an establishment. Being the only ones seated in the small space, we were able to really examine it, and I noticed one glaring difference between the way they have it set up and the way it was set up; it feels like a cafeteria. The installation of florescent lights, heat lamps, and massive amounts of stainless steel in the open kitchen make this place feel like a lunchroom at high school. Whatever, we can deal with it. An overview of the menu showed several options which seemed like drunk food... fried everything, cheese crisps, foot long hot dogs, slider burgers, tacos, grilled cheese, etc. Apparently "comfort food" means deap fried grease? NO THANKS. I ordered the Braised Beef Tacos, which had the consistency of paste, but were average in taste. My biggest gripe with this place is the microwave (not even a turbo chef) sitting front and center in the kitchen. Look, I understand that some restaurants use microwaves (usually not good ones) in their kitchen, especially if it's a cold kitchen (which this isn't) but having it in plain view and audible in the dining room is just atrocious. I truly hope someone from the restaurant reads this and hides the thing. It made me completely lose my appetite when I saw them heating my girlfriend's rice for her chicken skewers in the microwave. yuck. She did mention she was neutral about her food. We are people who go out at least once a day for a meal and try a new place every time, so we know food. Everyone we encountered was nice, and the service was very friendly. Everyone seemed interested in how well we enjoyed our meal, the space, and they seemed interested in welcoming us back. Unfortunately, the place looks kind of makeshift on the ReBar side, and like a cafeteria on the Bliss side. I'm not really sure why it looks makeshift, perhaps it is just because it looks like a temporary wall in the back of the room, or because it looks so bare, but it looks like they are in there just for the time being. I feel compelled to go here again but only for drinks out on the patio. The inside looks like Mexico, the food wasn't very good, and the cafeteria/microwave issues pretty much summed up this is not a place for a nice night out dining.I also find it interesting how many reviews are by orange heads or people who were here for the "vip opening." c'mon, try the place before you write a public review of it, and by try I mean eat some food, and actually experience it.
Sure it's walking distance from my house - so I was hoping I would have a new place for my morning tea.   After finally re-opening after the fire on 16th and Bethany Home, I was excited to check out Luci's.The design of the the place is fantastic simple, sexy, a little modern and throw in some retro corner grocery feel.  I was greeted with fun, friendly service, and then left with a great pastry and a tasty ice tea for the road.  They seem to still be working out some kinks since the re-open, but I see it only getting better.  In fact I just got myself excited.  I think I am going to head over there now for my morning snack.
I love, love, love the Keg!  I've been to this location as well as San Tan Village, Tempe Marketplace and Desert Ridge and have had nothing but exceptional food and service. I really like the atmosphere, it has that dark, cozy steakhouse feeling without being too stuffy or pretentious.  We enjoyed an excellent  Halloween dinner here last night which included a "Keg sized" glass of Fetzer chardonnay, a margarita (very strong), the Keg Classic Dinner (ceasar salad, 7 oz filet wrapped in bacon, mixed vegetables and a loaded baked potato), bacon wrapped scallops (an appetizer that I ordered for my entree) and their fabulous bread with whipped butter, YUM!  Our server was very outgoing and friendly and offered suggestions as far as the menu.  The bill with tax and tip was $68, really an excellent value. Overall, a great meal and dining experience.  I will definitely be back and can't wait!
I went to Sutra to attend the mixer where Yelp was being featured. After soaking in the cool "sceney" vibe, I decided that I was hungry. I asked the waitress for a menu. When she came back she told me that the right hand side of the menu was half off and made a couple suggestions. I love the names of the rolls that Sutra has. There were selections like "Cougar" and "30k millionaire". I had one of each. As if the rolls were made to live up to their namesakes, they didn't impress me; they merely annoyed me. The lack of freshness and flavor were the biggest factors in Sutra's failure. I ended up leaving plenty of sushi on my plate, but I was relieved that they were half off, otherwise I would have returned them upon first bite. I would not eat at Sutra again if I had a choice. I would advise you to eat elsewhere and come to Sutra to see and be "scene"!
I have to say I was pretty disappointed with our brunch experience here. Ok class, let's have a lesson. What makes a good, traditional, Eggs Benedict? Easy question, you say?Answer: Nice crispy, toasted English muffin, meat of your choosing (let's go with Canadian Bacon), creamy delicious Hollandaise.What am I missing, class?Ah yes, a beautiful poached egg, which bursts when pierced, spilling it's silky, golden yolk. Ok so now that we've had our lesson, let's put it into practice. My eggs Benedict was served with three quartered tomatoes, very very very crunchy potatoes with no seasoning and two eggs Benedict. One was completely missing a yolk! Bummer. When our server came over, I told him and he brought out a new one, but the yolk was overcooked. Bummer, times two. My friend also had an overcooked egg on his plate.For the prices they're charging, we should have had four perfectly cooked eggs and well seasoned potatoes. It's brunch, not brain surgery. The space is beautiful, and the server was pleasant, but I won't come back. Too many other places to try for brunch.
One of the most memorable breweries I've been to, not because of their personal beer choices but because of how they run the place. They have over 30 beers on tap from all over the country. If that's not cool enough, the entire back wall of the place is refrigerated coolers full of bottles and cans of even more craft brews that you can hand pick to drink in house...OR....build your own 6 pack to carry out. Brews from all over from Epic, to Dogfish, to Maui Brewing, to Sierra Nevada and the list goes on...and on....and on. It really is a nice concept!! Oh....and their food is great too. Mostly your normal bar food but pretty tasty.As for the service? I was incredibly impressed at how the girls that were serving us really truly seemed to have some serious beer knowledge. They were able to help us pick the right beer for our liking and they were right there when the brews disappeared regardless of the fact the place was packed.Know before you go: Don't let the exterior fool you! It's a small portion of a strip mall...look hard or you may miss it
The burger I had there was tasteless and had a weird texture. The fries were decent and their signature Rootbeer was delicious, but I've definitely had better elsewhere.In all fairness, I did not try their frozen selection, so I will definitely come back to give them another try.
I hate giving this place two stars, but the service has always been inconsistent. I've been coming here since 2006, and the food has always been excellent. Service has been spotty though; during my most recent visit our server blew off two of our drink orders and I had to order from the bar myself. Honestly if they would hire some frumpy old veteran servers then I bet everything would improve ten fold. Anyone else ever had this problem?
While waiting for Ayesha to have dinner at Thai Elephant, I tried not to let the meth-crack-head who pretended to talk on the pay phone deter me from a great meal.  She had no shoes on and walked up to the pay phone and started talking.  It hadn't been ringing and she didn't dial a number.  I'm a sucker for Touch of Thai's catfish dish, and they had the same one on the menu.  It was good, but the fish was a bit overcooked.  I would have liked a bit more "sauce" as the dish was a bit dry.Service was excellent.  My iced tea was refilled without asking throughout our meal.Of course, spending and evening with Ayesha over spicy food as we both wiped our noses from the heat of curry can't be beat!
I don't have much to compare it to, since this is the only Venezulan restaurant I know of in AZ.  It's very small, definitely family-run, with what looks to be the adolescent son taking orders and bringing out drinks.  The young man who seems to be the owner shares the space with Rosati's.  My foodie group saw a write-up of this place in the newspaper so we decided to trek out to Mesa.  It was pretty darn good, especially for the price!They were out of Guayanes (the newspaper had recommended this arepa) so we ordered three other arepas.  In case you don't know, an arepa is a corn fritter type sandwich.  We had the queso de ano, which appeared to have a salty cheese and potato in it.  It was very yum.  We had reina pepiada arepa, which was  like a mayonaise-y chicken salad with avocado- we didn't care that much for it.  But the Pabellon arepa with fried plantain, shredded beef, and black beans was a hit.We also had the pabellon plate which was quite yummy with the best fried plantains I've ever had.  Oddly, the rice was a bit hard and dry. The cachapas jamon and queso de mano was a favorite with my fellow foodies- kind of like a pancake sandwich with ham and cheese.  We finished with the quesillo (tastes exactly like flan to me) which was very good.I'd say it's a bit of a drive for some of us, but it's definitely worth checking out.  Not for those looking for heart-healthy eats!
MMMMM. Let me break it down for you...when you can hear staff in the kitchen saying "oh wow, that looks amazing" as plates are coming up in the window, you're in for a treat. I mean the fact that they see these dishes time and time again and are still excited by them....! Then flash forward to the next day and if you're heating up second lunch (I like to eat) in the office micro and employees comment on the delicious smells, yeah you're doing a-ok! I was solo this time because Gabi M was home with baby Mess and I didn't think to call Jarred (sorry bud!). Eating alone certainly wasn't as much fun but it was delicious. Eggplant is a must. You just HAVE TO get it, done. In addition I also had a really yummy chicken dish with wide noodles, veggies, basil, and a spicy/sweet sauce. SO tasty. The portions are enormous, so don't balk at the prices. Grab two entrees, share with the group, take home leftovers...that simple ;).Know Before You Go:  I'm only in Scottsdale one every other month and Tottie still remembers me when I come in, and that rocks! Big fan.
Don't let the name deceive you. Beaver Choice is an EXCELLENT dining experience. My girlfriend and I decided on a whim to give it a shot (after making the obligatory puns and double entendre's on the name). After staring at the menu for two minutes, trying desperately to decipher what we were to have, we gave up and asked the guy behind the counter's advice. His name was Chris and he was extremely helpful. He sold us with free samples, rather than descriptions of the plate. I ordered the gravlax; my girlfriend ordered the laxpudding. We entrusted the quality of our meal to the word of Chris and the small sample we tasted, because, in my mind, the ingredients had no business being together in one dish. Both dishes were based on lox, aka smoked salmon. We were both pleasantly surprised at the dish that greeted each of us a few minutes later. The food was EXCELLENT! And while not the cheapest dinner in the world, you get an enormous bang for your buck. Your plate is literally stacked with food. Kudos if you finish it all. Bottomline: Beaver Choice has a weird-ass name, but it serves some of the best food in Tempe. We will be back for sure, and I encourage each of you to give it a shot. I guarantee you won't come away disappointed!
Had lunch here with my wife today. It's the second time I've been and her first. After my first visit it rocketed into my top five favourite restaurants of all time. They have some top notch food, and the best thing is that it's such a deliciously welcome change from the bottom-feeder's Mexican crap that you see all over Phoenix. The menu is varied and I think I eventually will want to try everything. Appetizers include fried alligator and frog's legs. The main I had today was their Mardi Gras Pasta, which is linguini with tomato, thin-sliced garlic, andouille sausage, crawfish meat, onion and delicious shrimp topped with a really nice creamy sauce. Absolutely delicious. The wife had mahi-mahi with an even NICER sauce, and dirty rice on the side. Although a tiny bit on the pricy side it's definitely worth coming back to. Large open seating (outdoor seating also available), dimly lit, old-style jazz, a large full-service bar and a very quaint outside waiting area with water feature, giant fans etc. The service was also great and both times I've been, the waiters have been very helpful (the first guy told me that if I got the large serving of alligator, to try it 'half-blackened' - a great tip which allowed me to taste both 'styles' of the appetizer). They also have things I've not heard of before like etoufee and opelousas. If my dad didn't live over seven thousand miles away I'd take him here in an instant - he'd absolutely love the place. You will too.Oh yeah, they have creme brulee (with fresh fruit) and sweet potato pecan pie, amongst other things, for dessert. We had the latter - yum.
My mom and my son and I went to old town on a Thursday to check out some galleries and listen to some of the buskers! So after our perusing we stopped to get ice cream. Real ice cream! Petersen's is a really cool place and it's brand new! Just opened 11/23 I think. Well they have lots of great flavors like Georgia Peach, NY Black Cherry, Cappuccino, Peppermint with real peppermint, lots of sorbet, lots of chocolate stuff that I didn't want to try, and old favs like cookie dough, butter pecan etc. They also sell pints and also gallons I think! The staff is super cool and well educated about the history of the shop. I think the girl said they originated in Chicago and that the tiles in the ceiling are from the original location! I just thought that was so cool! She also said that they could sub the milk in your lattes and coffe with ice cream to make pepperment lattes and more wild flavors! I thought that was pretty rad. Anyway, if you are in old town I highly recomend you check this place out!
If I could give zero stars, I would. Just about the worst experience for my friend and I. We came in for a quick and easy dinner.  After being ignored at the door way repeatedly, we sat ourselves.  First, we had a girl server who said shed be back with menus, but right in front of us at the bar we see her flirting instead of coming back. Our server switched to another guy who was just as bad at serving. I have no idea how this place ever received more than one star based on the staff alone. They're lazy, slow, and completely ruin the entire experience of dining there.  The happy hour prices are great, but there are other RA's so do yourself a favor and go to a different location.
Superb gelato - some of the best I've ever had! The guy behind the counter is the owner, and he takes pride in his gelato.They only use real sugar, not high fructose corn syrup, and nothing contains hydrogenated oil.I tasted a few flavors and settled on the coconut... it was sublime. Definitely some of the best Gelato I have ever had. When I need a mid day sugar rush... I'll be back!
The last time I was at The Vig, they tricked me.. You see, they have these glass doors that they open up in the back of the restaurant when its nice out, and sometimes, when you go through those doors from the outside to take a trip to the loo, they close them on you, so like an asshole, you attempt to walk back outside the way you came, but instead you bash your head and knees into the glass window in front of 35 people. Be mindful of this.But hey, at least they had the most amazing wine specials that night and I was saucy enough to laugh it off and take a bow. And then I hid in the bocce ball pit for the remainder of the evening where I somehow acquired 200 bruises. I love the Vig. Even when I'm embarrassing the shit out of myself.
Had a fun UYE get-together with Brian S. & Norm R. today to give this little Venezuelan cafe a try.  I had a Carne Esmechada Patacon, which is a sandwich with slices of plantain for the top & bottom, fried crisp.  (A plantain is something like a huge banana.)  Inside was a moderate amount of shredded beef & some other things.  It was good, but it cost $6, & for a full-sized meal you would have to add a couple of other things in the $4 range, & end up at about $15 for your lunch!For half the price, I would give it twice as many Stars.
Some of the best Italian food I have ever had. This is a favorite for my wife and I. Sima and Marcellino are very nice people, very inviting. The bar is small but fun to hang out at. The food is always fresh and delicious.Watch out for Marcellino - he likes to push the truffles.
Merc Bar reminds me of a friend's basement...but your cool friend who has the basement with the bar and neat 70s lighting fixtures.   (I think it's the wood paneling that gives it this feel for me.)  I love that they have magazines you can read, it just drives in that you're at home feeling a little bit more.  But yes, its very dimly lit.  I remarked that I thought Bonnie was right and they did run out of lightbulbs.... We were there fairly early in the night and it was very laid back.   (My husband was in shorts)  I didn't get a snobbish vibe.The bartender was good, although I asked for a drink with Ketel One, Red Bull, champagne and grapefruit juice and he gave me one with Ketel One, champagne, Chambord and pineapple.  Close, I guess.  They have bag hooks under the bar which is something that I haven't seen much of here in Arizona and I was really happy about that.   (I hate having to sling my bag off the chair or lay it on the bar.) Oh,  it looked like they might have free wi fi because there was a dude in a chair with his mac laptop.Update:Ok, so I came home from Merc Bar one night ready to write an update to discover it was the ROTD!  Strange conicidence, eh?  This time out we were there on a Saturday night which is a little more hopping than an early Friday evening.  Still casual though, people in jeans, sneakers, t-shirts.  (There were people who were more dressed up, but there was definitely those who weren't.) We were seated at a table this time which I would suggest since it gets full.  Even though it was a Saturday night I still didn't get a snobbish vibe, it was a laid back atmosphere.  Our waitress was a little slow, we had to flag her down every time we wanted something which was a little annoying and she didn't know what a Kir Royale was.   The music was good, well chosen, and not too loud.I really dig it here....I actually don't mind driving "all the way" to Phoenix to come here!
NOTE:  I only had take-out, and it was brought to me by my boss.  She rules!She got me a hummus/grilled/marinated chicken combo.  It has 3 different hummus...es...es (HA!): roasted red pepper, jalapeno and plain ole' hummus.  They are sectioned off in the big plastic container, which rules for my OCD, as I don't like my food touching.  In the center is a PILE (a total monton!) of grilled chicken.  It's got some sort or spicy rub on it, but not too much kick.  It had been marinated, too.  And tender....I think this is the most tender chicken I have ever had.  It made my own tender spots as juicy as the chicken was!I'm not big on pita, so instead she got me a side of cukes.  This thing weighs a ton and I've been eating it for 2 hours.  I have made a mess in my "Make me Yelp" boyshorts.
I have to admit, I normally don't like Chinese food. In fact, it's just about the only style of food I haven't fallen in love with at some point in my life. This is a real problem when you live with someone that would die for Chinese food at all hours of the day/night. I figured out why I never liked Chinese food when I first ate at Asian Cafe Express. It's because everything I've had has been Americanized Chinese Food!!!  It was like an epiphany and seriously music to my tastebuds when I actually found Chinese food I not only liked, I LOVED! Having authentic Chinese food changed my opinion completely about this cuisine.I have to agree with the others... save yourself the time and skip the first few pages. Go straight to the back of the menu to find authentic Hong Kong Style fare. Holy mother of god, everything I've tried has been outstanding and each time I leave saying it was the best meal I've tried thus far. Everything is extremely cheap and the service is superb. The wait staff are always very helpful and knowledgeable about their food. They'll be quick to recommend something if you're having a hard time deciding. Just ask!
I went here with my parents on a super crowded Friday evening. We had to wait about 40 min, but decided to order a couple of drinks while we waited. Once we finally got seated, I decided to order the Chicken Madeira, which is their most popular dish. It was sooo good! It was a huge portion, but I somehow managed to finish it. I can see why everyone loves it! My dad ordered the Ahi and had to get them cook it more b/c it was practically raw and cold. It was probably supposed to be like that, but he didn't know what he was getting himself into. They took extra care in getting this done - both our waiter and the manager came over to make sure they were on the same page as my dad before cooking it more thoroughly. They also brought my dad a complimentary house salad while he waited. We decided to end our meals by all splitting a piece of their Peanut Butter Cup cheesecake. OMG. So good. Most importantly, we found that the service at this location was really good! Our waiter was funny, and rolled with the punches...nothing seemed to phase him.
Mims Burger & Mexican Food was revealed to me by my sister and sometimes when I think about it (even when I JUST ate), my stomach growls.  The restaurant itself just SMELLS GOOD sitting there and waiting for your food to arrive.The strange name would sort of, you know, ordinarily turn me off from trying the place because I think when restaurants serve this AND this they usually just serve two wildly different forms of food, both of which suck.  Mims serves legitimately good Mexican food, burgers, hotdogs and everything else.Even if you're NOT in the area, it's worth going a bit out of your way for it.Five stars.  Places don't get much better.
We've got another first timer here...!I am just as shocked as the next person that after many years in Seattle, I had never had Bubble Tea.  Gasp!  You can get it almost as readily as Starbucks.  I learned it's also called Boba and maybe one other name.  It's all the same to me.  Same-same.I had my first boba initiation at the recent Office Hours with Gabi.  I was completely overwhelmed by the options presented to me: what type of chewies (for the record, that term just doesn't seem right), base drink, optional flavorings, etc.  It was a lot for this gal to handle.  Luckily, Alica B. was at my side leading me down the boba path.  She helped me pick out a concoction of Thai iced tea and regular boba.  Gotta start with the original boba, right?  She ended up with a coffee drink with coffee jellies.  I feel like I'm now "in the know" because she asked for the coffee jellies and even though they weren't on the menu, they indeed had them.  That's a little insider's tip from me to you.  Wink wink.  She was so excited I thought she was going to consider this woman the Patron Saint of Boba and commence worship on the spot.I was surprised to find how incredibly filling boba is.  I wasn't hungry for hours!  Overall, it was good.  I don't see myself craving boba, but if someone wants to go, then I'm in.  I'll check out the jellies in my next go round.  If the craving is boba, I would definitely recommend this place!
Upper Crust is like Grimaldi's on steroids. The two places have nearly identical decor and the pizza is extremely similar. Upper Crust uses a little more cheese which is nice, but they also use cornmeal on the crust which I am not crazy about. The wings are huge and delicious, especially with the honey BBQ sauce. The meatballs are nothing special (with or without the mozzarella cheese), but Stephanie H would disagree. Happy hour is Monday-Friday 4pm to 7pm and on Wednesdays they offer half off on bottles of wine. Overall, it is a very good pizza and I plan on returning. Next time I'll be giving that pizza cookie a try. I really liked Upper Crust, but Grimaldi's in Old Town is still my favorite for traditional NY style thin crust pizza.
Food is OK - sometimes good - used to be great.  The service is terrible and a 25 minute wait for lunch on Saturday at 1:00?  Seriously?  It seems the restaurant relies on takeout - hostess ignored folks waiting to get on the wait list (irony intended) to serve carryout customers - could the tips have an influence?We were finally seated - had Shrimp Pad Thai and Red Chicken Curry - the curry was very good, but shrimp was overcooked and the dish tasted substantially different from last visit.  The restaurant is incredibly loud, to the point of distracting.  We used to go here often, but will be eating at other places from now on when Saturday shopping.
Wow, I am surprised at the last review.  I have found the food at Bada Boom Pasta Room to be excellent every time I have been there.  I am in love with Mr. Pink's Pasta. It has a delightful vodka sauce, and you can also add proscuitto wrapped shrimp as well. They have a fantastic martini selection a well, and the decor it hip and fun.  Did anyone say red velvet walls?  Great place!
i just finished licking my fingers clean and almost ate the dressing-drenched paper that held my very first, and surely not last, lucky boy international burger.crispy bun, tons of dressing, fresh lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and onions, and a perfectly tender, smokey burger. thick, perfectly salted, crunchy on the outside and soft and burning hot on the inside fries. thick and deliciously sweet chocolate and peanut butter shake.gone. in less than 5 minutes.place closes early, so unfortunately there will be no drunk trips through the dangerously narrow drive thru.
These folks pour a DRINK for $3 on Saturdays! They have daily specials and the Saturday special is $3 SoCo or Three Olives. Saturdays also offer a turkey cheeseburger and fries for $5, but I didn't try it. You can see all their specials by hovering your cursor over the day of the week on their home page (http://www.16th.st/index.html)It was NOT crowded when we cruised in for the Sun Devil game this past weekend. We were greeted by a guest who asked if we had a reservation and then hollered to the waitress who said there may be a wait. At least they have a sense of humor!The advantage for us was we got to take our pick of the TV we wanted to view the game. There were two Texas Hold 'Em poker tables going (not my thing so I don't know specifics) and I saw pool tables in a separate area -- photos on the website make it look like there's shuffleboard too.Definitely looking forward to going back. It was a great place to watch a game. I'll have to try the food next time and maybe they'll get a bump to 4 stars (although, I observed their nachos are real cheese nachos, and I'm a fake cheese nacho girl so I'm gonna have to pick another game day food!)
Quick spot for a mall-made mayo-based California roll. This is where you go to learn how sushi can go wrong.You've been hard at work doing swipe-and-sign. Perhaps you even dropped a thousand bucks at Neiman's on a worthless Jhane Barnes' sweater and some silk-lined Zanella slacks or three thousand on a whats-left-of-last-season's-collection of Brioni blazer. Whatever your fancy, you're toting a wrist full of roped, glossy, shooshing-sounding bags with tissue paper sticking out the tops. You just want a break and some cool refreshing sushi.It's OK, but beware. Unagi and other "hot" items have a "beep-beep beep-beep" before they get to you. California and spicy tuna rolls come real quick -- 'cause they come from a vat of mayonnaise. Rice is not right either. Stick to tuna and salmon sashimi and miso soup.If head chef Rick is there (think Kyoto of Empire at 24th and Camelback, then Ichi Ban, University off McClintock), ask him to make you a Fat Bob on Acid, for good ol' times' sake. Or just go to Starbucks, tide yourself over, and find a real sushi restaurant.And about the Brioni... Don't sweat the buyer's remorse. It'll make a great tax deduction to Florence's.
HUGE fan!Love Poncho, the birthday strobe lights, the food and the service. This is a go-to for my boyfriend and I when we're looking for sushi. More likely than not, we'll opt for the all you can eat option for $20/ person. With that comes with miso soup, salad, sashimi, your AYCE picks, ice cream and with a special frequent customer request, this awesome pan seared, naturally fatty sea bass belly and salmon cheeks, which are AMAZING. Not a taste for everyone, kinda bizarre for most. But this will be well appreciated by traditional Asian taste and PERFECT for me. Loyalist here.
For those of you who love Indian/Pakistani food, but hate dives, Z-Grill just may turn your whole world upside down. In all foodie honesty, Z-Grill is home to some of the best Indo-Pak food I've ever had. This praise comes with a reminder though...it is divey.Z-Grill is located inside Zam Zam World Market, which is a decent little grocery, but it lacks the umph that other well-known ethnic groceries delivery. With that being said though, other groceries lack Z-Grill, and this is why it matters...Everything I've tried from the restaurant, and I mean everything thus far, delivers. From the hummus, to the samosas, to the chana and even to the paneer masala and chicken karahi, I've only been disappointed when I realized that I was down to the last bite. The flavors are robust, the sauces are spicy and, surprisingly, the prices are unbelievably reasonable.  It's safe to say that I'm addicted to this place. **A word of caution when trying Z-Grill. They are sometimes out of items on the menu. I find that charming cause they have to make everything from scratch, others might not. If they happen to be out of something, do yourself a favor and just try something else.**I cannot say enough good things about the food from Z-Grill. This is a must-try in the valley for anyone who has a love for spicy Indo-Pak food. Go try it!
The name sounds like it's straight out of a book filled with a happy storyline, friendly characters and sunny days. And Chestnut Lane, the eatery, lives up to expectations. For the ultimate lady who lunches, this should be # 1 in her book. I discovered this lunch spot awhile back and immediately made my way there to check it out. From day one, I was hooked and have visited several times. Chestnut Lane is small, quaint and every bit as charming as the house they call home. When I first walked in, I saw gorgeous fresh salads to the left, begging me to take them home. Fresh pastries, cookies and cupcakes lined the counter top and refreshing water made their home in reusable milk-type jars in the refrigerator. The owner runs the shop and takes great care of the environment and the food they serve. From ladies who lunch, to professionals on the go...this spot is normally packed during lunch hour, so get there early. My favorite dishes include: the lobster salad (worth every penny), the tuna meld, chopped salad and honey roasted chicken blt. It's hard to escape without a bag of their delicious cookies or a mini cupcake. If it's mini, that means zero calories right? :) For those looking for a healthier option, their fresh fruit is full of amazing berries, etc. Hours: Better hurry and make it during store hours! Chestnut Lane is only open Tuesday-Friday from 8-3 and Saturday from 8-1.
EXCELLENT TRIP TO THE SPA!!!!! A trip to the Aji Spa (located at the Sheraton Wildhorse Pass Resort and Spa) was at the top of my list during my recent trip to Arizona on Memorial Day Weekend. We made our reservations well in advance. Having gone to a few spa resorts, I couldn't wait to pay this one a visit. My cousin and I were each booked for the Little Yellow Bird spa package, which was comprised of 2 services each. We arrived about 15 minutes prior to our appointment time and was given a tour of the spa. After changing in the women's locker room, and relaxing in the private women's lounge area (there's a large lounge area, but it's co-ed), our masseuses met us and brought us into our room. My cousin and I decided for our first service to be the Companion Massage. After only having solo massages, I was interested how a companion massage differed. The 50 minute Aji Massage flew by. My masseuse was professional and the massage given was very comfortable, relaxing and beneficial. After our massages were completed, we had some time in between our next service, feeling a little hungry, we decided to grab some lunch from the spa's cafe. I ordered the flatbread pizza and it was TO DIE FOR! Seeded flatbread topped off with a garlic peppery aioli, grilled chicken pieces, pesto sauce, marinated bell peppers, melted cheese and avocado. My visit was a month and a half ago and my memory, a little fuzzy, but that was one of the best lunches I've had in a long time!! After lunch sometime, we each were up for our second service, our facials!!! Due to my skin type, I received the Aji Rain Facial. My esthetician was wonderful! Her hands were soft and gentle while working on my face and we had some lovely conversation during the 50 minute procedure. I left that room with my face feeling renewed, clean and fresh!All spa treatments include full use of the spa's facilities so we definitely made well use of that! After our facials, we used the sauna (the steam room was out of service during our visit) and whirlpools located on the women's locker side. We then relaxed and lounged by the outside pool. The Aji Spa is such a calm, warm and relaxing environment that I ended up taking a nap! Outside! In desert heat! Thank goodness for the wooden awning with misters attached and the huge patio umbrellas providing shade! The staff at the spa provided excellent service! From the front desk, to our masseuse, the esthetician, the cafe staff and the locker room attendant! While napping, one of the staff from the cafe even brought us iced water with lemon and cucumber slices in it!Our appointment started at 12pm and with our 2 procedures, and lunch, we should have been done and out of there within a few hours. But the point of visiting the spa was to relax, and with Aji Spa being such a lovely place, we just didn't want to leave!  We finally left nearly 8 hours after our arrival, and we would have stayed longer if we could! I highly recommend Aji Spa to anyone visiting the Phoenix area, or if you're looking for a new spa to travel to! Aji Spa is a beautiful spa with excellent staff and service. They even emailed me the same day of my service as a "Thank You" for visiting and included a discount coupon on my next visit! A 5-star spa, indeed!
Yes, the place is busy every time I go there, and it takes 20 minutes or so to get your orderYes, the inside is cheesy and cheap with folding tables and could definitely use a makeoverYes, the location is...ummm...well lets just say its a "working class neighborhood"BUT they've got the best fish tacos I've ever had, and everything on their Mexico City street food style menu is outstanding. The $1 tacos are "mini-tacos" so get 3 or 4 of them, a couple of fish tacos, maybe a side of rice and/or beans and you will be all set.Go there. Just leave yourself plenty of time, it's well worth the wait.
Food--The fire roasted garlic tomato soup is excellent.  They sprinkle tortilla chips for garnish over a tiny dollop of sour cream.  Mmmmm.  Yummy.  The mixed green salad with albacore tuna is also a delightful choice, as is the turkey wrap and CA Chicken sandwich with pesto mayo.  Drip coffee and espresso drinks are good, too.  Overall, everything tastes great because it's made fresh.  No pre-packaged items here.Seating--Lots of booths and tables inside and out.  They have a cozy little set up with what looks to be 'lounge' chairs that accommodates 6 with swivel tables perfect, for savoring your beverage of choice.  The rest of the dining area looks like it has capacity for about 100 people, if all seats were filled despite a placard declaring the maximum capacity is '311'.Peak times--avoid lunchtime during the weekdays.  It would appear that all of Surprise is feenin for a sandwich or soup/salad special from PB during 11-1PM.  The lines are long and you can forget about getting back to work in under an hour if you factor in commute time, food prep & consumption.  IT'S IMPOSSIBLE.  The only time service has been 'fast' is during breakfast.  I've been there for a breakfast networking event and on a Saturday.  During these times, I received my order promptly and had little trouble locating a table.Free stuff--this would include WiFi, bread samples with tasty spreads, muffin and/or cookie bits.  Bonus points for free stuff!PB is open Mon-Sat 7AM-9PM and Sun 7AM-6PM.
Awesome! I highly recommend this place! Incredible atmosphere inside and out, the bar design is superb and the patio is the perfect spot for relaxing and enjoying drinks with friends. I went for the second time recently and have to give this place a stellar review. The menu is innovative and fresh! The mixed drinks are killer and the wine on tap was an extremely pleasant surprise. Plus, you can't beat their happy hour seven days a week!  I have had the crab cake BLT and the halibut sandwich, which were both out of this world! Everything I saw coming out of the kitchen looked amazing and I can't wait to go back and try all the others.  The servers were great and knowledgeable about their menu which is always a big plus! As a parent, I love that this place is a perfect day/night out spot for a date or hanging with friends but also a family oriented neighborhood joint where I can bring my kiddo along! Love that Churn is right next door to get some yummy dessert after an incredible meal!  The design is spot on for this area! Great job!
Appears to be CLOSED.Phone number not in service. Went by last week & was all locked up with a realtor sign on the building.
Let's start by disclosing that I grew up in New Orleans, went to school in Lafayette (home of the Ragin Cajuns), and REALLY know good New Orleans/cajun food. I grew up eating great po-boys, gumbo, red beans, and wouldn't consider eating any of these if not well prepared. That said, I can truly say that Jennifer and the Flavors of Louisiana gang make cajun food as good as any you'll find in New Orleans--SERIOUSLY. The po-boys are spot on (though the bread could be a little crustier) and the chicken & andouille gumbo is even better than mine--and, I assure you, that's DAMN GOOD. Frankly, I've never had better. The only thing that is not "as good as it gets" is the red beans and rice. They're good, but not quite the creamy "Washday Monday" staple that I grew up on. My cajun grandmother has Jennifer beat on that one, but not by much. But, if you want a special treat and want to taste something that kills all, get a sausage po-boy. Hot sausage or smoked sausage po-boys are a New Orleans staple and my favorite po-boys of all. But, Jennifer blows them all away with her home-made andouille. Simply put, I've never had better sausage--ever. It's the reason her gumbo is soooo good and her po-boy the best ever.I've eaten at Flavors many times, even though I live across town. Every time I go, I eat like a pig and bring some home to eat later. I have no affiliation with the restaurant, but wanted to post this as a review from someone who really knows New Orleans food and as a thank you to Jennifer and her crew for giving me a source for the best flavors in the World (not just Louisiana). As a matter of fact, I even overlook the fact that Jennifer is from Baton Rouge, instead of New Orleans or Lafayette and for not having any USL/UL Lafayette paraphernalia on the LSU/Saints wall. At least that is, so long as she keeps her promise to open another restaurant on the east side of town--that is, a lot closer to where I live.If you want the ONLY good cajun food in Phoenix, treat yourself to Flavors of Louisiana. For me, it's just like a visit to any of my favorite po-boy shops in the old neighborhoods. It really is that good.
This is another one of those restaurants I would have never known about if it wasn't for Yelp. San Diego Bay Restaurant is tucked away in the corner of a shopping center on the main drag in Guadalupe.It's taken me a long time to review this place. The first time I went was over two years ago and I've been back a few times.  I have to admit, I've never had better Mexican seafood. Unfortunately since it's been awhile, I've forgotten what I ordered. I can tell you this though, every dish has been superb. Each bite was like heaven. I left wanting to try everything on the menu. The servers always steered me towards great dishes with their recommendations and I've taken many people here, much to their delight. They've all raved about it.
I couldn't agree with David more.  The owner is definitley an interesting  person.  The more money she thinks you make, the more she will talk to and love you!  So tell her you are RICH!! (Sorry Didi C.) As for the food -  Ho hum VN food at high for what you get prices.  The Pho is very avg and double the usual price. They don't charge a corkage fee for  BYOB which is nice.
It's rare that I have a date with my husband on a Monday afternoon/evening, but this past Memorial Day, we did just that.  After a quick visit to the Science Center (the Van Gogh alive exhibit is a must-see by the way), we were hungry so we headed over to Rice Paper.  Neither of us had ever been before, and we were pleased with our experience.It was a tad bit too hot to sit outside, although they do have a covered patio with misters.  We walked in and were seated and greeted promptly by Al, our server.  He's quite the character.  He made us laugh quite a bit in addition to being attentive and making some recommendations.  We enjoyed the stylish renovated house / hip colorful atmosphere as well.We ended up ordering a few things and sharing.  Highlights included the firecracker shrimp. a spider roll, a shrimp roll, and a zen salad.  Everything was light and tasted fresh.  We really enjoyed the dipping sauces that came with the spring rolls.  They've got such a huge selection of the spring rolls, that I can't wait to return to try some of the others.  They don't have a huge selection of Vietnamese entrees, but it appears that they will custom create a bit upon request.I highly recommend going for the "food happy hour."  It's from 3pm - 6:30pm and includes $6 appetizers & $1 off all spring rolls.  Such a deal!  We didn't take advantage of it, but the "drinks happy hour" is actually 11am - 6:30pm and specialty drinks are $6, house wine by the glass is $5, well drinks are $4, and draft beer is just $2.75.If only Rice Paper was a tad bit closer to home, I could see myself being a regular... Instead, I'll keep it high on my list of spots to return to when I find myself heading downtown!
Cibo! Cibo! Cibo!  I love you and your cute old farm house, your amazing pizza, affordable wine, awesome crepe desserts, and fabulous staff!I want to live in the apartment above the restaurant!! Go to Cibo for awesome food, charming atmosphere, and a great time for a girls night or on a date.  Cibo has quickly become my favorite place in Phoenix! *They're closed on Sundays...found this out the hard way.
La Grande Orange Grocery has a problem. It can't decide what it wants to be when it grows up, and that makes the overall experience iffy. Is it a quick mart? A grocery store? A restaurant? A coffee shop? Unfortunately, it can't be all of them.I love La Grande Orange Pizzeria, when there is table service, fun wait-staff, and delicious food. But during the day on the weekends, the Grocery is too busy and unorganized to tolerate. It is not set up for the crowd, they do a poor job of line management, and when there is a line to order, the rest of the Grocery is impossible to navigate. To top it off, the counter staff shouts at you when your food is ready. Unnecessary.I'll certainly be back at night for the pizza, the delicious wings, and to partake of the best gelato shop adjacent to LGO. But I'm afraid that I won't be back for the weekend chaos.
My husband and I have been going to the Touch of Thai for years. We meet up there at least twice a month for a lunch date. On special occasions we take friends and family there for dinner. I love the wait staff - especially Nick! His wonderful sarcasm and jokes always make our day! For the amount of food you get at lunch at the price they charge - you can't beat it. Everything is homemade and tastes fresh. #3 Yellow Curry is my hubby's favorite. Rich coconut based sauce with yellow curry. The chicken is tender and the potatoes and carrots are cooked perfectly. I venture off and try things from time to time. The food is spicy. I like the incorporation of fresh herbs into the dishes. The soup served with lunch is always yummy and changes from time to time. We always get a side order of spring rolls. You need to try these! I like the Pad Thai as well as the #5 and #7 lunch specials. Meals are served fairly quickly. Sometimes we have to get up and refill our own water glasses however I find this to be a wee bit charming. Feels like I am home. If you go there on a regular basis the servers remember you, have your order into the kitchen before you even are seated, and always say hello and smile.
Rare find in the East Valley! Cute Cupcakes and the place definitely has character!I ate a coconut cupcake with sprinkled coconut and glitter on top. I only bought one cupcake and took it hope to share with my 3 roommates. It made me wish I had more cupcakes to share with the rest of them! We took our forks and gulped it down. The pink frosting was delicious and melted right in our mouth. The cupcake itself was very rich and moist. They must have substituted milk for the water while baking it, I could tell, so moist and mouth watering. I will be coming back here to eat for breakfast and lunch. Its a great place to study.
Traveling sure makes me hungry! After a long flight from Chicago I was just about to break into my 3rd bag of pop chips when it was time for lunch. Hooray!I joined the infamous Lindsey F and Gabi M for lunch here at Daily Dose. When we walked in Gabi told me it was a 3 star restaurant. I wasn't sure why we were eating at a 3 star restaurant when surrounded by so many fabulous dining establishments, but any food would do.We were able to grab a table immediately, the menu is pretty extensive and our waitress was friendly. But yep..3 stars. My rock shrimp tacos sure beat another bag of pop chips, but weren't anything special.  And the friendly waitress forgot about our hummus appetizer.If I was in the area I wouldn't hesitate to grab a quick bite or drink here, but nothing here to hop on a plane back to Phoenix.
Food is good. Don't take kids though.Kids pasta was $7 with no accompaniments.
Yelpers prove to be right yet again with the average 3 stars on this one... I was craving sushi and had a hot date with my sister-in-law last night to do dinner and a movie... It just so happened that Eat Pray Love was playing at the Tempe Marketplace Harkins Theater, so we decided to meet at Kabuki before the movie.  I walked in first and asked how long the wait was for two... I as told 10 or 15 minutes.  Not so bad... so I decided to wait.  I walked outside and met up with my Alexa and we came back in about ten minutes later... As we did so, two other women came in and I saw that they were seated right away.  I looked at Alexa, looked up at the hostess stand, was thinking (WTF), and then went and asked nicely where we were on the list.  "There are two tables before you," I was told.  "It will likely be another ten minutes or so." At that, I responded, "is there another option, perhaps sushi bar, that I don't know about?"And alas, there sure was... (they neglected to give me that option when I originally checked-in).  We were seated at the sushi bar at that moment and went on to have a very underwhelming meal.  Here's why:-While the large portion cucumber salads we ordered were extremely tasty, the cucumbers were cut lengthwise in such a way that it was difficult to eat.  I prefer cucumbers diced in smaller pieces so they are easier to eat!-Service - our waiter wasn't the friendliest... I felt kind of rushed by him when we were there.  Additionally, since we were seated in the middle of the sushi bar, all of the wait staff would reach over us to pick up the sushi for their tables, which was very distracting while we were eating!  Perhaps they could've moved the sushi ready for pick-up to the side of the sushi bar to avoid distracting guests in the future?-The sushi itself was good; not amazing.  We had a Sunset roll, a Lotus roll, a Large roll, and an order of Ikura.  I didn't realize the Lotus roll was going to have a ton of mayo along with the baked Lobster that came on top of it... it was a bit on the creamy side for my liking.-To top things off, when the bill came, they overcharged us... a simple mistake, but given our experience, it was just one more negative thing... and then when I pointed it out, I barely got an apology at all.With so many other restaurants to choose from in the Tempe Marketplace, I am not sure I'll return to Kabuki.  If I do, however, I will wait for a regular table!
I'm not a big "organic" kind of guy.  I could care less about hormone free this and BPA free that.  For me it all about flavor and service - it has to be better than I can make it myself and you have to take better care of us than I can.Having said that, I'm HEAD OVER HEELS in love with the food at Tryst!  Service is family oriented too.  They treat you like a regular on your first trip in the door and burgers are to die for.As a die-hard burger man, this is my default stop.  It is close to the house, in a pleasant shopping center, and has the best burger I've ever eaten in Phoenix.  I'd give it an extra half star if Yelp would let me.  This place is that good!
As a visitor to Scottsdale, I thought a stroll through the farmers market was a great way to get a taste of the local flavor--literally. And it was! There's a great mix of vendors, who sell everything from baked goods to coffee, from vegan wraps to preserves. There are also some interesting services like pet massages!Like Vicky T. said, it was surprising to see dogs with their owners wandering through the farmers market, because that's against code in California. But I thought it was great, and with the pet masseuse and a doggy and kitty treat vendor, it totally made sense.Farm Sessions, where local chefs give cooking demos with produce from the market, is a great idea I'd like to see at my local farmers market. It did seem odd, though, that all the produce at the market was in one corner. It was the shadiest spot, so maybe that's why?Anyway, this was a great way to spend a Saturday morning and was very relaxing compared to my local farmers markets, where I often feel like I need to start throwing some elbows to get through the crowd.
I really enjoy That's A Wrap... all of the food I've ordered here has been really enjoyable, plus it's all a really good value for the money. My favorite wrap here is the Prince of Thai, sin pollo con tofu. The Veggie Bowl is also another good option and I'm pleased they can make anything vegetarian. Worth a stop for lunch, however, the parking lot is tight and I have been here more than once when it was full.
The food is simple, pure and uncomplicated; you taste (and hopefully enjoy) each ingredient. However, as with most minimally processed cooked foods, it does not travel well.  So, eat in. Luckily the decor is modern and compliments the menu well which makes eating in a pleasure.   My only down note is on the service. If you are not careful when you enter the restaurant, you may enter through the door of invisibility and will become invisible to the employees. As a result, you may stand at the counter while they work around you but do not recognize your presence until the invisibility dust (or whatever makes you invisible) wears off.  Based upon my late lunch experience today, the dust takes 4 iPhone e-mail responses or texts to be removed (10ish minutes). Regrettably, I only had three unanswered e-mails in my inbox and had to leave before I could be seen by the employees. On a positive note, when you leave (regardless of the time you waited), the invisibility dust seems to be removed. I know this as no one honked or screamed at my car as it drove away without a driver.
Blurb for iPhone App: Great Enchiladas, Chips and Salsa made fresh, but beans left something to be desired.  Give it a try nonetheless.I just wrote the last part because I will be on the Yelp app, and notice that I often start my review with something that is not useful at all... which is that everyone sees when searching on their mobile phones.  So I guess you could say I'm optimizing for mobile.  Ok, now on the full review.  Took off a star for the beans... they just weren't great.  The person with me had a taco salad, and said they didn't get a lot of meat in it... and the rice was good, but not great.  However, this was balanced by the chips and salsa (which I always eat so much of that I'm not hungry by the time the food shows up) which seemed to be made fresh, not too hot, but with plenty of flavor.  The "hot" sauce (hot is entirely objective here) was very good, and I used that for my chips as much as the salsa.  Didn't ask if they had anything hotter, as the true chilehead will think it's pretty mild...I had a chicken enchelada with green sauce and a cheese with red.. and although I usually like the green better, the red here is great.  One word of advice however - don't step on the scale the next morning, because you are going to stuff yourself while you are here.
What vegetarian goes to a place like Logan's Roadhouse? The kind that will sacrifice herself for the sake of her people because she drove all the way from San Diego to AZ at midnight and had no kind of sleep, but still managed to get there and say, "Hey, I'm taking all you fools out to dinner, my treat, where do you want to go???"And, they picked this place. Oh woe is me. If you've been to Texas Roadhouse, then you've been to Logan's Roadhouse. I'm pretty sure it's the same damn place. Peanut shells on the floor, MEAT and potatoes galore, and loud people everywhere--Which is fine, because my people are very loud. The overloaded mashed potatoes was a hit, I was pissed that they were out of onion petals, and our waitress seemed really confused. But, she was nice, so I can't really talk too much crap. As long as everyone in my party had a good time, I'm happy.
Kristi's review said, "Great romantic spot to bring a date. Secures that you will be getting action later, trust me." Well, that's good enough for me. And before the Yelp paparazzi shows up to muckrack... no I didn't take Kristi to Cheuvront's. I know better than that - I only hang with Kristi at dive bars. So I did take my lovely date to Cheuvronts. The decor and ambiance - think wide open and urban and dark without being too dark. It really set a mood. We ordered a bottle of wine from a fantastic list, along with a cheese plate and a pate plate. We had them select the cheeses to pair with the wine we had chosen with a few instructions as to cheese preferences. They have a selection of pates as well, and we had them choose similarly.The cheese plate contained three cheeses, all superb. It was served with (good!) bread, some nuts, and some dried cranberries. The two pate plate was similarly served with bread and dark, delicious mustard. The pates were fantastic - the cheese plate and pate plate seemed destined to be served together. The food and drink were great, the service a little spotty especially since there weren't that many people in there. I'm guessing the waitress just didn't want use to feel like she was bothering us. After taking our time to enjoy the wine, cheese, and pate, we were both feeling full with no room for even dessert. Overall, a great meal, my date thought it was one of the best places she had ever been to, and I'm clearly going to have to pay more attention to Kristi's reviews.
I feel like Top's has been getting angrier and more bitter over time.  I called on Fourth of July just to see if they were open and they guy on the other line told me, "Yeah and we're a madhouse.  Each minute I spend on the phone with you is another body out the door," and hung up on me.I wanted to call back and tell him, "You know, the amount of time that it took you to say that, you probably lost two bodies out there door.  You could have just said, 'Yes we are!' and that would have sufficed.  Instead, you had to be snarky so I'm calling you back specifically to waste your time."Instead, I'm just going to Yelp about it.On multiple occasions coming back over the past few months, I feel like I'm tip-toeing through the house when someone's mad at me.  I don't get it.  There's a serious vibe of negativity going on.  Specifically, the guy who acted like a fuckface over the phone has been snarky and bitchy a few times to me.  Oh, and refrigerate your fucking beer.  I'm tired of having to pop my shit in the freezer for 45 minutes cause the beer or champagne I buy is piss warm.
You are seeing a continuing trend here. When it first opened it was a 5 star place but since then the pizza has been inconsistent and going down hill. The last pizza I ordered, the crust was soggy and it had too much yeast. The cheese was also too rubbery and tasteless.I grew up watching 90210 like many of us "old folks." They had the Peach Pit. Do you remember that place. Well Jimmy and Joes is the pizza version of the Peach Pit. Yes, me and my 30's felt age inappropriate when I arrived. And I immediately felt like I was in high school again when I went to grab a tiny ketchup cup to grab some wing sauce and they said it was 60 cents. Another person walked in and they gave him a hard time because he didn't have his coupon on him even though he read the coupon code over the phone. It had that high school vibe..you know the one I'm talking about the..."I owe you 3 dollars and I'll pay you back tomorrow." vibe.  That vibe is felt when you park there. There is limited parking as it is and whatever parking they have, there are signs that limit you to 20 minutes parking almost implying they don't want you to eat there. I was too afraid to take napkins because I'm sure it had some price or limitation attached just like everything else there.I've eaten here several times and I've reached this conclusion: eat at the place but don't pick up pizza here. JJ specializes in the one slice and drink. Their short slices are done well and if you don't eat it hot when it comes right out of the oven, it loses it's flavor fast. I've picked up pizza and it's almost like two different pizzas. When I picked it up, the cheese was exrtremely rubbery and the crust was so chewy like steak. This is a great place for a short lunch or a business lunch but I wouldn't order several pies if I was hosting a Superbowl party or had people over.
After a night of debauchery with friends, my friend and I found ourselves craving a comforting bowl of Pho. I've been a regular at Cyclo's for quite sometime but decided to branch out and try something new. I was pleasantly surprised with Pho Ao Sen! I am always happy when I enter an Asian restaurant and see Asians patrons...probably sounds a little weird but to me it speaks volumes. The tranquil aesthetics of this quaint cafe made us feel welcomed and relaxed. The decor had a modern Asian feel: minimalistic organic zen with soft ambient music playing - perfect for a Sunday afternoon.We ordered the Pho Dac Biet Bo Vien- House PHO'nomenal (House special combination of *sliced eye round steak, well-done brisket, well-done flank, soft tendon, tripe, and beef meatball) and the Pho Tai (Sliced eye round steak) and Goi Cuon- Spring Rolls. As with most Vietnamese restaurants the portion size of Pho is quite large and we could have shared. Both were delicious, filling, and had a nice aroma but nothing too overpowering. I've experienced a few places that use a little too much anise, so much that you can't get an overall sense of all the delightful herbs and spices used in this delicious creation. The Spring Rolls had a very fresh crisp flavor and were the perfect accompaniment to the Pho. I give Pho Ao Sen 5 stars! Best Pho I've had in the valley, beautiful atmosphere and friendly staff makes me one happy girl! :)
Spotted Donkey Cantina is amazing!  They have delicious Mexican food, and fantastic margaritas to wash everything down with. You do have to pay for chips and salsa here, so there probably won't be any of that four bowl snacking before your main entree's come, but the medley of salsa's it comes with make it all worth it.I've tried quite a few of the dishes here, and they've all been excellent.  In no particular order are my favorites:cheddar enchilada's with hatch chiles and rice...spicy!santa fe macaroni and cheese...again- spicy!cod and shrimp tostada's- delicious!shrimp fajitasshrimp tacosAnd for dessert:fried banana wraps or the mango margarita sundae!"
Ahh, the crave.  Having grown up Vietnamese, I consider myself something of an expert on Vietnamese cuisine.  So I've had great (of course, my grandmother's and mother's food is 5 star), and I've had horrible.  Pho Van (putting accents on the vowels is difficult with an American keyboard, so I'm not going to bother) falls in the middle--not my favorite, but not too bad.We started with appetizers.  Cha gio, which is a pork filled roll in a won ton wrapper, was okay.  It tasted not so fresh, but had good filling, and the Nuoc Mam (a fish sauce used to flavor) was okay.  My wife and I had Goi Cuon, which is a shrimp and pork, with vermicelli noodle rolled in a rice paper wrapper, was pretty good.  This is dipped in a  peanut sauce.I had the basic Pho Tai.  This is a soup, typically pre-prepared by putting cooked rice vermicelli noodles at the bottom of a bowl, and then very thinly sliced beef, and then hot Pho broth poured over the soup to essentially reconstitute the noodles and cook the beef.  The secret to Pho is really the broth.  Typically, this needs to stand on its own to make a good judgement.  It does--it was flavorful, tasted fresh, and had a very rich flavor.  I was pleased.  For my own purposes, I do add Hoisin Sauce and Srirachi Hot Sauce.  Having eaten here once before, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed.  The only criticism I would have of this Pho is that there's not enough of it.  The standard bowl did not have much in the way of noodles or beef.  For $8, I was hoping for more food.The rest of my family members had Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio.  This is a traditional dish with rice vermicelli noodles, barbecued pork, and cha gio, over which you pour Nuoc Mam.  There is a bed of fresh vegetables.  This is what I typically think of when I think of Asian Salad--it's bean sprouts, lettuce, mint, and cucumber.  The barbecued pork tasted quite good as did the Cha Gio, once again.  I found this food quite good as well.  The restaurant was very clean, relatively quiet.  There's a very pretty fish tank.  The decor was very nice.  The staff was attentive, and service was quick.  I note though that it was 5:30pm on a Friday, and the restaurant was unbusy.  The Nuoc Mam smelled very funny to me though--I'm used to the smell of this food additive, and this one smelled quite odd to me.  We are talking about something called "fish sauce" though, so I'm sure there are variants.  It tasted fine so no worries.  Staff needs to use cleaner towels when they wipe the tables as it does leave its own smell as well.
Again, I'm trying to mix things up again on my end, and since Gold Bar was packed with no seating, I decided to go elsewhere and get my internet and coffee on.  This place is a little out of the way for me, but they offer free wifi, have great hours and serve donuts!!!!!  Hooray for donuts!The place is small.  Counter seating only and its limited.  Parking is adaquet, and considering its a Sunday afternoon, an open seat is always a sight to see.Service here is fine, and their donut selection is decent considering how late in the day it is for these guys. I don't go to Dunkin Donuts often, but thier always there when I need them.  I love the free wifi too!  hooray!The one downside to this whole thing??  ITS FREEZING IN HERE.  I feel like I'm in a morgue its so dam cold.  Anyways, I will be back!!
Gourmet markets, to me, are like candy shops to a sugar freak. "Hello, my name is Thomas. And I am a FoodAholic." There I said it. Do you feel better. Huh? Oh. Sorry. Didn't mean to get so defensive. But how can you defend AJ's? How? How I ask you? Ok, so it's REALLY expensive. And, yes, they should provide a blood donor center at the entrance to give cash on the spot for shoppers plasma. I HATE huge markets. Fry's too big. Safeway just right. AJ's just right and then some. The produce section is perfection. Not mounds and mounds of produce you know is wrinkling and rotting more than Bea Arthur in season 6 of the Golden Girls. Cute little baskets hold just enough fruit and veggies to select from and not too much where you know it's all riddled with germs and spiddle. The meats and cheeses? Oh, my! The filet (at a whopping $34.99 a pound) is worth every bite. Of course it'll be a year or so when I would pay that much again. Hello? Blood donation station idea! The ready made food is dee lish...curry chicken salad and brocolli delight to name two. Yes, it' s called brocolli delight. My gay ass did not name it. I would have called it beautiful broccoli. Just rolls off the tongue better. I've never had a cart wobble...see Fry's review...they ride smooth and apparently are good for the enviornment. Flowers, baked goods, dishes....AJ's. It's here. I'm queer. Get used to it.
I came to Timo for my birthday last week after hearing rave reviews about it from a few friends of mine. I met up with the fabulous Jennifer T. and I was so happy to check this place out!I like any place that I get to walk in through a back door. I passed through the very chill looking patio area first, another plus in my book. Plenty of outdoor seating that looked dangerously inviting once this hot hot heat cools off. Inside was intimate, but with the large windows, it wasn't dark and depressing. Like your own little happy wine bar world.They have an amazing wood burning oven. Normally, that itself is plenty good enough, but then there's the food that comes out of that wonderful oven. I only tried the spinach and artichoke dip, which was the best I have ever had! It didn't have a pool of oil (first time for everything!), it was so fresh, and I really appreciated seeing the bread sliced fresh right in front of us, since we were sitting at the bar. I saw several other things (flatbread)  come out of that oven, and I will have to go back to try them! Everything smelled delicious and was presented with a touch of class without being pretentious. I was also very intrigued by the eggplant dip which is apparently "better than baba!" Now for the drinks. Holy cow. I've been drinking a few years now, so safe to say, I've tried many, many drinks. Or so I thought. Coconut mojito anyone!? Made with Ciroc Coconut vodka!  As tasty as mojitos are, I don't get a long well with rum, so vodka was a pleasant surprise, and the coconut just brought the mmmmmazing factor to a whole new level. I also tried the white sangria, another 5 stars. Great wine list too- Apothic Red is one of a few reds I like, and they have it!  The staff was top notch as well. I arrived shortly before a shift change, and both bartenders were personable and hard working, and truly seemed to enjoy what they were doing. I'm pretty bad with names unfortunately, or I would love to mention them.I can't wait to go back! For drinks and food! I think I'd even go alone for lunch if I didn't have any company!
I don't intend to return, but based on the way we were treated by the kitchen earlier this week, my "uncouth" self doesn't exactly feel welcome anyway. However, I'm not quite convinced that it's my loss... It had been almost a year since my original visit to Breadfruit which did not overwhelm (as you can judge by it taking me a year to make it back) but I did have an appreciation of the option for Caribbean cuisine. Since a friend and I were going to be downtown for an event, I suggested Breadfruit for our dinner spot. We enjoy good food and supporting local. The option to pick up wine at the Public Market next door and have the already reasonable corkage fee waived was a bonus, as we had really enjoyed a couple of the Arizona Stronghold wines at a recent FnB wine pairing and thought they would pair well with the Jamaican heat! While the scallops were delicious and cooked perfectly, 2 for $12.50 -- $6.25 per scallop -- is a tad steep in my book. We also shared the Jerk Chicken Salad ($9.95) and the Jerk Prawns Off the Grill ($14.95). Here's the ultimate rub, the bottom of the menu states "no substitutions or modifications"... Since when is cutting a KFC-side-sized ear of corn a "modification"? At the same time, the menu describes the restaurant and it's offerings as "Nothing fancy; simply good food that nourishes and rejuvenates the body." It seems like cutting something in half so we could easily share it -- particularly after the plate has been delivered to the table for us to appreciate it's "beauty" AND after we've communicated to our server and demonstrated with the first two courses that we were splitting the items -- is in the vein of "nothing fancy." How about providing the customer with an appropriate utensil to cut it themselves, then? The fact that the chef was obstinate in refusing to cut the KFC-side-sized ear of corn provided with our entree screams "pretentious and grandiose" and tainted our entire experience. To quote my dinning companion, "You are not James Beard and James Beard would've cut the corn!"
Let's put it this way... I ordered two topping-heavy small pizzas from Naked Pizza.  I had a Groupon for $20 that only cost me $10.  So, keep in mind I am rating this on my entire experience that cost me merely $10 out of pocket.The good?  The garlic topping is delicious.  The employees were friendly.  They were generous with their toppings.    The bad? Daiya cheese is disgusting on this pizza and tasted like raw dough.  If you're off dairy, get the pizza sans cheese.  It will probably be a lot better!The just okay?  The crust was okay-tasting, if not a little plain and dry.  The sauce was pretty good for one of us and just okay for the other.  This is one of the two times in my life that I have ordered pizza and not kept the leftovers.  Of two adults and three kids eating the two small pizzas, we were left with one and a half 10" pizzas, which we promptly tossed in the bin.  My daughter disliked this pizza so much, she picked off a few of her toppings and then told me she was full (when she said earlier how famished she was).  I am only rating this pizza two stars versus one because I can see that it would be "better" without the Daiya cheese that I chose to have on the pizza instead of mozzarella.
I haven't written a review in ages, but this place is SO GOOD that I'd be ashamed of myself if I didn't review it.I am the most hyberbolic person in the whole world in the history of time, but this time, when I say that it was the best pancakes I've ever had, I'm not kidding.  Just insanely delicious.  Scrambled eggs were also some of the best I've had (and come on, they're scrambled eggs, so you don't expect that much variety), and the breakfast potatoes were very good.  I couldn't pinpoint the seasoning, but it's different than you usually get.Coffee:  Yum.  I don't think I'd even heard of Arbuckle's, but apparently it's got a great reputation, and deservedly so.The owner Joe stopped by our table, and was super nice and genuine.  Service was just fine too.I'm sure Joe's will get a reputation and huge following soon, so believe the hype and check it out.
When people feel a cold coming, they pop a zinc lozenge or tablet to boost the immune system. I have a much better way to get my zinc supplementation: I head over to Pier 83 for their terrific fried oysters. With the first crunchy bite I begin to feel so much better. Placebo effect, probably. But hey ... as long as I get that feel-good boost, I don't care. The fish and chips are also the best I've had in the Valley. And to think that I've previously been trying to get my fish 'n chips fix from the likes of Pete's ... yikes! And their clam chowder is delicious; I don't need to feel under the weather to have an excuse for ordering this tasty bowl of comfort. The friendly staff and comfortable informal atmosphere complete the enticement for many return visits.
I can only comment on two of the smoothies because I am on a banana kick and I choose from one of the two: the Bananrama or the Peanut Butter Chocolate. Oh so good! And now they do offer more than one size!  I have started getting this for dinner versus food! I love it!
For a taste of the exotic, the allure of eating without utensils, and a journey to Ethiopia...Lalibela is your dining destination.  Although this cozy restaurant is located in a strip mall in Tempe, the African art, woven baskets, and boxes of Harar in the hall (Ehtiopian Lager, which is delicious!) give you a small sense that you have stepped into another world.This illusion stays well preserved as you peruse the menu and realize you have never seen anything like it, starting with your inability to pronounce "Yekik Alicha" (split peas).But do not be daunted by this new territory.  Start your adventure to Ethiopia with the "Yekemem Shai," a black tea with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves.  If you are new to Ethiopian, and not sure what to get, the Lalibela Exclusive is the most fantastic combination of dishes you can sample.  Here, you will have a smattering of meat and vegetarian dishes ranging from "Yebeg Alicha Sega Wat" (lamb cubes simmered in kibae, onion, turmeric and herbs) to my personal fave, the "Yekik Alicha" (split peas cooked with onion, turmeric and herbs).Once the food arrives, the basket of "injera" (bread closely resembling a crepe) will become your eating utensils.  Don't be shy, tear off a piece, and use it to scoop the delicious morsels off the plate and into your expectant mouth.  You will not be disappointed.  In fact, you may feel as though you have just stepped off University and into a traveling caravan in the Ethiopian desert.Whether you are a carniverous adventurer, or a vegetarian swashbuckler - you will enjoy the richness and flavors of this unique cuisine. Bring a large appetite, as the food is quite filling.  Dominant meats are beef, chicken and lamb.  Savory veggies to be enjoyed are lentils, peas, cabbages, and collard greens.For a lovely gustative to finish your meal, order a glass of the traditional Ethiopian sweet wine made from honey.Overall, from the service to the food, to the ambiance, an excellent place to bring friends, or a date ;)
Full disclosure: one way or another, I have only been to Roaring Fork for the Happy Hour, but the happy hour is darn good. You can, and you should, get that kettle of green chili pork or the big-ass burger, or better yet, share the two with someone nice. The huckleberry margarita is so good, I've had three in one sitting (no, I wasn't driving!). I fully intend to get over there for dinner soon, because I keep seeing the sugar cured duck on the menu and just thinking about it right now my mouth is watering. It gets pretty busy during the happy hour, though, so be prepared to wait a little if your party is large.
The fry bread in itself was great, it is just what goes inside it is not that great. I have been wanting to come here for a long time since I have heard so much about it. I got a bean and cheese fry bread and the beans came half smashed with whole pinto beans in it, which I can't stand. The beans are not very flavorful when they are whole. The cheese was a thick shred which didn't melt and it was altogether disappointing. My partner got the fry bread with ground beef which he said was not flavorful at all. It was like they just cooked the beef with no flavoring at all. Maybe they were having a really off night? Yelp, why have you been betraying me lately? I keep going to these great reviewed places and they suck.
i love the $5 happy hours. all the dishes are a great value and delicious!
The Duce is a disaster. As an Arizona native and a downtown local I root for cool interesting places downtown. I wanted to love this place. The 1st time we tried the Duce I was extremely let down by the customer service. The parking is atrocious. It's as if you are inconveniencing the staff by asking where you order food. They were out of just about everything we wanted to order. So disappointing. However I decided to give them a second shot. Everyone has a rough night. We went to an event there last night the entertainment by Scandalesque was AMAZING... same TERRIBLE customer service from the staff at the Duce. Management needs to wake up. Great concept. Horrific customer service and staff.
NOTE: Ignore the reviews above. It looks as if there is some deliberate attempt by the Udupai owners to pose as members and bash this place. Yes, this owner used to own Udupai Cafe and Udupai Cafe is another dosa house that competes with this eatery.  If you read my other reviews, you know that I'm critical and  my attention to detail is there so I'm not one of these people who likes every place he eats at.PositivesI'm Indian and I can assure you this place is good. I have never been to Udupai Cafe but based on its failing health inspections, I would be scared to eat there. Woodlands is a nice CLEAN eatery in a nice part of Chandler.  It's not a restaurant.  It's basically a Dosa shop. They  specialize in Dosa and offer several types. They also have excellent Indian Chinese dishes.   The food is consistently good and I have eaten there on several occassions.  This is a lunch/light dinner place.  Don't think of this place like a restaurant.  There are several types of Dosa and that's what this place specializes in.  The restaurant is also modern and not is some ghetto strip mall so don't worry about failing health codes here...at least not for a while.NegativesTheir non-South Indian dishes are not so good. For non-Indians, they should be informed that this is a Dosa house so order dosa and other south Indian dishes.  Don't order your typical Indian restaurant favorites like palak paneer (it wasn't good here).   The owner also says every dish is excellent which isn't true; he is kind of a businessman so he doesn't really care about telling you which dishes stand out.  Stick to the Dosa and the Vegetable Manchurian.  Their mango shake wasn't very good. Their chiku shake is great.
I've been eating at Hap's since they were in a trailer in a parking lot on 24th and Jefferson. And for those of you who have don't hail from the south, you will find this to be extremely good BBQ. I always opt for the 2 meat combo dinner with smoked lamb and pulled pork (sometimes beef brisket). Served up with cornbread and mashers plus BBQ sauce and mint sauce on the side. My one gripe is they don't serve corn on the cob. Head over just before or after the busy lunch hour and escape the wait in line. I don't see Honey Bear's getting New Times Best of Phoenix consecutive years in a row. Not to say that Honey Bear's isn't good but I guess it depends on what kind of BBQ sauce you like since the sauce makes it. Hap's was also highly regarded in Sunset Magazine's Best of the West and several other publications hung on their wall.
BLAH is really all I can think of.  Blah, Blah, Blah.Everything tasted the same.  Everything!  I got an open chicken burrito which is basically a burrito in a bowl, opened.  It had chicken, rice, cheese, peppers, onions and the shell.  I ate a piece of chicken, tasted like the grill.  I ate some rice, tasted like the **Burnt** grill. I ate an onion, tasted like the grill.  I are a pepper, tasted like the grill.  I ate the cheese, tasted like a burnt grill with cheese on top. YUCK!  I ate about 4 forks full and was so disgusted I had to chuck it.Fail of an airport dinner to the max!
It was a rainy Saturday, yes, that's right, it was raining and hot and muggy!  UGH!  But when it rains I just want to go sit in a coffee shop and people watch or just relax a little.  And I don't have a coffee pot at home right now.  Yes, I know, it's somewhat sacriligious for someone such as myself who is a caffine addict.  Sad, but true.  I just needed my fix and it's that time of year people.....the Pumpkin Spice Latte is BACK!!!  HOORAY!!!  It is my all time favorite!!This is the closest Starbucks to where I live.  Just a few blocks away.  When my friend took me here the first time she told me it was the "gay" Starbucks.  Yup, I think that is safe to say.  I'm straight but if I were gay, dang, I'd probably be here more often.  I like this location though.  It never seems to be super busy and there is always a place to sit weather it's inside or out.  It's clean and the staff are friendly.  It also helped that I was cleaning out my wallet and found a Starbucks gift card.  Score!  There is not much else located near this Starbucks.  The Good Egg, which looks like somewhere I might try, and Jamba Juice but sadly, it looks like just about everything else has closed up in this little strip mall.  Too bad because it must have been a hoppin place a few years back.  I may have to go back soon......like, today, maybe....I'm getting another craving for my fave PSL!!!  YUM!!  And now they have a PSL Frap!  I have not tried it yet but I will.  Sounds like pumpkin pie through a straw!  Yum-O!
We ordered from here the first day in our new home, also the first NFL Sunday this season. I was expecting about an hour wait. They quoted me 45 minutes for delivery, and when the doorbell rang after 20 I thought it was solicitors or perhaps neighbors coming to welcome us into the neighborhood. I was pleasantly surprised that it was our food. We ordered a mushroom pizza (meh), and wings and chicken tenders - both very tasty. We're used to more thin crust pizzas, NY style I guess? so this was a bit doughy, but the garlic herb crust was yummy nonetheless. Not sure if we'll order from here again, unless we don't find our NY style place, but it was still good.
We ordered $40 worth of pizza for takeout and it took almost 2 hours -- was told 20 minutes. We were not comp'd for anything. When I expressed my dissatisfaction, they offered to give me $40 credit toward my next order. I asked for this in writing, and they gave me the "we can't provide it in writing -- we wrote your name down and have you on record" line.Guess what -- I called back a couple months later and they had no record. They refused to honor the credit....and were rude. I asked to speak to the owner, and was told "he's out of town." The pizza is mediocre at best. I have zero tolerance for businesses such as this. PLEASE spend your money somewhere else that deserves to be patronized.
I really like this place... Taking the advice of Yelp we stopped in on our way through downtown. We were immediately greeted as we walked in. I told the staff it was our first time in and asked which sandwich was the best. Following the recommendation I ordered the Crackerjack, cracked pepper turkey and melted pepper jack cheese with lettuce, tomato, onion and Russian dressing. We also ordered the Godfather, cappicola, salami, pepperoni and melted mozzarella on garlic toasted bread. Let's take a moment and show the bread some much deserved love. It tastes fresh with a chewy center and crisp exterior covered in sesame seeds. You could put a shoe on this bread and it would taste great. I really enjoyed the Crackerjack. The Godfather was good for a few bites, but too rich for me. I can't wait to come back... Great choice for lunch downtown for a very fair price. Unless you are completely starving, share a sandwich!
Simple, Inexpensive and within walking distance from my place. I went biking this evening and had the sudden urge to get Chinese food.I ordered something to go and got a vegetarian dish with tofu. From what I've observed, the place is simple and clean. Now as far as my dish goes; I thought it was good, but needed more flavor.  (which is a good thing)It gave me a good reason to infuse my dish with Bragg's Liquid Amino which is healthier than other seasonings. My only complaint is the edename in the vegetarian dish. Why do they have to include the shell? I don't like unwrapping them with my teeth!  ;-P                 |                 |  /                 | /   . .~^(,&|/o.      "Pass the soy sauce please!" |   `----------  |  \                  /   `======='
I must admit, I'm more of a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market guy (due to the economy), but I had a great time shopping at AJ's. Every single item on the shelves is of the highest quality. For Valentines day, because I'm so bad at picking out girly gifts, I let my girlfriend go on a shopping spree at the chocolate counter (among other things)...I'd go back once in a while, but did grimace at the checkout counter when I forked over $125 for three bags of crap...I guess it's back to mayonnaise sandwiches at Neighborhood Market.
My biggest tip for newbies to YC's, look toward the grill and look up.  There you will find a nice little menu of sauce formulas.  Unfortunately, I never looked up.  As a result, I didn't have enough sauce.  In my case, that was a good thing because the sauce I did have tasted like crap, so more of the same would have been even crappier.As for the ingredients, lots of choices with fresh veggies.  I have to say the meat looked unappetizing to me.  In fact, I had to ask my husband what the hell it was.  I guess it's a good thing you don't see piles of freshly sliced meat, else it might not be so fresh after all.  But in its frozen to minus 500 degrees F state, I found I opted for more veggies.Two sizes available.  I went with the large, crammed my bowl full until it resembled a small mountain, and then wasted over half of it.  So get the small unless you want leftovers or you haven't eaten in several days.
Long-time fans of the Mill Ave location...we finally made it out to the original (I think this was the original, anyways).  Overall, pretty darn good.  The food is on par with the tempe location.  The pastas were delicious - I really liked the Boa Bowtie pasta.   Wines were solid and complimented the meal nicely.As with the Tempe location, the best part for us is always the Shrimp Adriatica appetizer.  We could just eat a big bowl of that with bread.  The sauce is amazing, the shrimp is well cooked.  The only downside was that it was just regular french bread (or similar) - the tempe location has the fancier, tastier varieties of fresh baked bread.  But the quality of shrimp and sauce was the same.  Service was slow at first (we went late on a Sat night as they were slowing down), but was friendly, made great recommendations and were very helpful overall.  By the end of the meal, I had forgotten about the slow start.  Think we just walked in at an awkward time, which as I said, they really made up for by the end of the meal.  Also, the warm butter cake was decadent.  Maybe not as good as Mastro's butter cake, but it's on the way there.  Really tasty, very fresh.  I could have used some fresh whipped cream or a little vanilla ice cream to go with it, but that's a personal thing.  On a side note - the Zinfandel they are currently offering (think it was like $6-7/glass) is fantastic.  I was impressed at the quality compared to the price.  We'll definitely be back.
Yoli's has recently been popping up on Yelp's 'Best Of' front page. Many people are mouthing out and as the food whore that I am, I needed to go out and try it for myself.My previous research told me that there were many 5 stars and 3 stars reviews regarding the ambiance, service and food. It seemed that the place had be 5-stars for a while but trending analysis showed a decline in the late 2011- early 2012. Alright enough nerd talk-  it was a Saturday morning, I was starving and I needed a place to have brunch with my lady friend in town.When it comes to brunch at Yoli's, you really need to leave all your expectations at the door. The neighborhood its in is a little sub-par, the parking situation isn't grand and the interior and patio decor resembles a home that stopped paying for landscaping services a long time ago. The tables outside are all basic basic plastic, they are not squeaky clean (or perfectly leveled) and the seating is pretty limited. If you are coming to Yoli's, you are coming here for the food and nothing else, this ain't no brunch at the Four Seasons.Their menus are strictly breakfast/brunch related but at a 2-sided page list, their breakfast choices do have a large variety of flavors and prices. The food is on the stealthier side with skillet dishes, omelets and diner-style potato sides. My friend and I ordered their most popular dish, the El Monte- Hawaiian french toast sandwich filled with egg whites, turkey, bacon and cheese with a 'spicy orange marmalade'. At about $7, the sandwich was pretty large and filled me up easily after just half of it. The french toast itself was soft and spongy and the bacon had some crisp, but the turkey was very thinly-sliced deli meat so it didn't have a lot of flavor and the spicy marmalade was tasty but not spicy at all.The service was a tad slow but the lady was very very courteous and nice to us, she just didn't stop by very often so we had to wait around for our drinks and our check for quite a while. Overall I wasn't blown away with Yoli's but I would recommend as a place with decent portions and good prices. As of now, a 3.75 stars on my book.I am a big supporter of local restaurants and I love seeing a family-owned business thrive. With a little bit more decor, faster service and a cleaner environment this place can return to be the GEM that people used to talk about. Yoli, if you are reading this- I hope you take this advice, we all want to see you succeed so we hope you can get back on that horse and impress the hell out of us. Good Luck!!
This is a brand new delicatessen who's grand opening was September 24th 2008.  Since I don't have a kitchen in my place, this re-heat one-stop shop near my neighborhood will be a place I plan to frequent via walking.  They have a cute cook book lounge and the deli layout is fun to just paroose.  Their chocolate chip cookies taste home made.  So nice to still feel like you have some input in the cooking preparation process when you live with just a microwave.
I can't believe I didn't write a review of Metro after my first visit but I got a second chance last Saturday night with Dottsy Z, Andrea K and company.  We had a reservation for 8PM for 4 of us, and at 730PM Andrea asked us to add 2 guests and when Dottsy called Metro they said of course, but please be advised you may have a little wait for the larger table. Which leads me to the only bad point of the evening:We had to wait ONE AND A HALF HOURS for our larger table. We had all expected and accepted a 30 minute wait. After about 40 we went to the bar to get some wine and oysters (otter creeks = yummmm).  After an hour had passed and no one had come to address the situation with our group, I approached the hostess and she was very apologetic and offered to comp our bar tab, which was incredibly nice. When we were finally seated our server was friendly and attentive and had gorgeous blue eyes. Hello!  We were all starving and got right to the point with our orders: I started with the cucumber soup and no amount of yums or mmmmms can fully describe the delight that was set before me. A cold soup, this is made with cucumbers, buttermilk, dill and olive oil, with chunks of lump crabmeat and a dollop of caviar thrown on top, because why the hell not?!  Also, the soup came in a really large bowl and I was full by the time I finished it. I did soldier on to my main course which was the Moules Frites which is what I had the first time I came here and is a truly inspired dish with juicy fresh mussels, and a broth with thyme, garlic and perhaps a little white wine. Then to add insult to injury they serve the huge casoulet with a hearty portion of herbed french fries that were the perfect crispness and didn't leave oil on my hands. Sadly I had to leave some of those friends behind, but only because it was time for dessert! I chose pot de creme which is normally topped with brioche. I requested a brioche-free pot and it was no problem. I was served a tiny ramekin of creamy custard topped with a sort of peanut butter syrup/creme and three slices of caramelized banana. It was really yummy though within 10 minutes my heart was racing from all the sugar. I will point out that this dinner took 2 full hours (we left at 11:30PM) making this the longest I ever spent in a restaurant (3.5 hours are you kidding me?) which is why I ultimately docked one star. Based on food alone Metro Brasserie deserves 10 stars.
We stumbled upon this little place in a worn strip mall by accident, but it ended up being a very happy accident. Yes, it is true that the decor will not be gracing the pages of fashion magazines anytime soon, but this is a clean, no-frills kind of place. There is also no point in coming here if you are pressed for time, because it is not fast food by any stretch of the imagination. Most importantly, the food is good. Really good. The menus must have changed since other reviewers visited, because there was no Arabic on the menu. Everything is in English. I had the falafel plate and my companion had the lamb shank and rice. Both meals came with a wonderful lentil soup that I have had at Fattoush many times- but this one was so much better. The falafel plate came with falafel of course, a questionable salad, pita that looked homemade, and some of the tastiest hummus i've ever had. It was a huge amount of food, but it was so good that I was compelled to order an extra side of hummus to go with the leftovers. The lamb was apparently very tasty also- i'm not much of a lamb fan, so I didn't try it. The accompanying rice was very tasty though- very complex with many different flavors, but none of them were overwhelming. At 7.99 for the falafel and 9.99 for the lamb plate, the prices are more than reasonable, especially when you consider that each entree can easily end up being two meals. I admit that I am partial to Middle-Eastern food and rarely meet a falafel that I dislike, but this was definitely one of the better examples of the cuisine in the metro Phoenix area. I will definitely be back, and maybe next time i'll try the chicken.
I usually throw away those value pack coupon envelopes you get in the mail, but decided to look at them this time & see if I'd use any. I pulled out ones for the dry cleaners, zoo, a burger/hot dog joint & Red Devil. Most of them were for dine in only but a couple were for delivery as well, so I used the one that was for a 16" cheese (toppings were an additional $1.25 each) & 20 wings for $21.95. I had looked at their website before ordering & the combo (pepperoni, sausage, onions, mushrooms & green peppers-but we skipped the onions) sounded delish so we got that with the NY mild wings. They don't have their desserts listed on their website so I asked the guy who placed our order & decided on the cannolis (1 for me, 1 for hubs). He said it would be a lil over an hour & to my surprise it arrived in 45 minutes.The pizza was good, not Mamma Mia's good, but good! The wings were bomb; crispy, the right amount of sauce & they smelled amazing! The cannolis were pretty good but we didn't really prefer their "style". Instead of chocolate chips inside with the filling, the entire cannoli was dipped in chocolate. Total with coupon, $3 delivery fee & tip was $47. Not bad at all considering we will each be getting 2 or more meals out of it. We're fans & would definitely order from them again...maybe even dine in eventually!
Mostly I love the Rokerij just because I love saying the name.  But the food is also killer.  I had the most amazing chicken, and the sides, which usually I just take for granted as filler food, were sodelicious that they caught my attention in a big way.  I also tried my date's steak, and while it was fairly spendy, it sure seemed worth it.The feel of the place is great too, with the dark stone walls and coziness without feeling too crowded.  We ventured downstairs to look at the bar, and had we been there early enough to snag a couch I wouldn't have wanted to leave.It definitely feels like a splurge, or somewhere you'd take a business associate or date that you wanted to wow.  It's manages a high end feel, while remaining unmistakably local.  I can't say I'd suggest it just for any old night, but it will stay on top of my list for special occasions.
When I walked through the swinging doors around noon on a Sunday, I walked into Hooterville.  Think silicone, fake tans, bleached hair and  teeth and caked-on makeup.  And the men here overdose on testosterone: full of bulk and attitude.  Think sideways baseball hats, torn jeans, flip flops and gold.  Even at noon on a Sunday, they were on the hunt.  Joining me in alienation was my San-Franciscan friend.  We represented the world of natural size and color.  To bring ourselves comfort and escape in this fake world surrounding us, we discussed environmental concerns.  I got the Buffalo Chicken sandwich.  Commensurate with the theme here, this was the biggest breast I'd ever seen.  The sauce was super hot and tasty.  The baked beans had a southwestern flare - with crushed pepper.  My friend got the chili, which he said was slightly spicy hot but not temperature-hot.  I didn't attempt the bucking broncho, for many reasons, but one of them being that there was nothing on it to hold on to.  Too difficult for a delicate northerner like me.
Hard to miss with a Centurion guarding the entrance.  I wished it was nice patio weather.  The place was very cozy and a little uncomfortable padded banko seating.  If the tables were only several inches higher, it would have been better!  First off, we ordered Baked Brie and Raspberry  wrapped in puff pastry hors d'oeuvres with a side of grapes.  A couple of glasses of light and fruity red Portugal wines paired well. "Can I have some lemonade?", nope, no lemonade.  "How about Sprite?", sorry, no Sprite.  So sad to see the look on cutie pie's face.  Even wine bars would have had something for him to drink.  "Okay, water is fine."  He gloomly said.  We promised him an Italian soda next door at Lola's.  He cheered up.Killer pizzas, so I've heard.  We decided to order the Mozarella, basil (pesto instead), white truffle oil pizza.  The crust is amazingly toasty outside and soft and flaky inside.  Good 14" inches for $12 pie!   We added Risotto with manchego cheese/chorizo.  It was very, very, very rich!  It was so rich, I wanted to reach for some bread to sop it up!We were so full and carbo-ed up!  We didn't balance out our meals very well.   Good thing we took the lightrail downtown.  We needed to do a lot of walking after all that eating!Kudos to the chef and the hostess/server, they were absolutely wonderful. Donec obviam redimus!
There is only one reason  why I shouldn't love this pizza.Waiting an OBSCENE amount of time for a pizza is a pretty big one. If this pizza was not as good I would be angry I think.I would tell you about it ( HERE)... but you know what its that good. I have had pizza around the world ,its not the best..... but this is pretty close to the best you are going to get in this area code. I would love to say don't believe  "the hype" but yo there is a reason you have to wait sometimes as long as 4+ hours for a pizza on a Saturday night. Lets really face the reality of that night though. You are gonna want to hang  around at other bars drinking with your friends anyway.Its certainly not going to be a cheaper night of entertainment either.. Armed with that information you know what to expect. While there is another place close by that is just as good but not as central.This is worth it just to know what people are talking about.This Pizza is wood fired and made with world class ingredients. The thin cust is perfect. The service at least for me was rushed and sorta unplesant. We were literally the last people in there by the time they sat us, so I am not sure if that behavior / treatment is normal. Not a place to pop in and grab a bite to eat with a small group but if you are REALLY not in rush then this place is one of the best in AZ.
Cheese Curds!   They have been so hard to find in AZ.    Like the Jalepeno ones too.Really good fresh milk.   Worth the stop.Bring cash, not credit or debit cards
Mmm dirty hipster bars.  Let me count the ways in which I love you.You are cheap (we had $2 Stellas)You are interesting (local art on the walls that I'm told changes regularly)You are full of pretension (people watching is always worth the price of admission)You are friendly (like minded souls can smell each other out)If you are in the Roosevelt district, I highly recommend stopping in for happy hour.  Its cheap and hipstery.  Both words have been used to describe me, so I am naturally predisposed to this place.
I try and eat here regularly. Hummus is great. Very personable staff. And the atmosphere is awesome. Look forward to the next time!
What a sandwich! Not a lot of frills, and the sides are underwhelming, but if you just want a really good toasted sandwich for lunch...Sticklers will hit the spot. And it's downright cheap!The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars, is because the service was a little course, and the place was REALLY busy without a lot of seating space. Plus, it's only open 'till 4 PM! And not at all on weekends! DOWNTOWN RESTARANTS THAT ARE ONLY OPEN FOR LUNCH ON WEEKDAYS DRIVE ME CRAZY!!!!!!!!Come to think of it, the fact that I was willing to give it 4 stars despite all that is a testament to how awesome their sandwiches are., because there aren't many other good things to say about it.
Maybe their dogs are better, but breakfast sandwiches at Nathan's are disgusting! The English muffin was spongy, the eggs greasy, the bacon undercooked... And all premade and wrapped ready to melt together into mush with the cheese. Yuck!!!
I'm glad that Cafe Rio Mexican Grill opened up in Town and Country.  We have been to Cafe Rio a couple of times now.  On Tuesday they have tacos for $1.50.  Cafe Rio is now my favorite place for tacos.  The beef and pork tacos are the best.  If you are looking for a good taco you should check out Cafe Rio.
I really like Bandera.  I really LOVE their cornbread.  Best dang cornbread I've ever had.  I dream about it in fact.  Food is always great, service is usually great as well.  Great place to take guests if you're not sure what they like.My only complaint...Bandera is a fairly casual restaurant, yet last time I was there my father was asked to remove his cap.  No biggie, he willingly obliged, but then I noticed the staff didn't seem to have a problem with the cute little thing wearing hers at the next table.  Come on, be consistent guys.
4.5 Stars... I really enjoyed Beckett's table! It's a large, cool looking room with exposed ceiling and brick walls. They have a small patio and I heard they're planning to build a large patio on the side of the building. I met a couple friends there and we shared a few different items: The drink list has some great looking combos and a nice variety of wines. I tried the Palmaire, a lemonade/pomegranite combo. Very refreshing! We had the grilled cheese with pancetta to start... I love a good grilled cheese and these were perfect little bites. It came with roasted red pepper tomato soup. The soup tasted like pureed roasted red peppers; I would have preferred a little more balance with tomato taste. The roasted brussel sprouts were sumptuous; intense flavor and a little crisp on the outside. The fire roasted green chile pork stew was very tasty. The corn bread that came with had a perfect sweet contrast. I tried a bite of my friend's short rib - very tender and lean. We ended with the creme brulee, which came with fresh blackberries. At first I passed on having bites (I'm not a huge fan of creme brulee), but they pressured me into trying it... YUM! I may be a convert now. Overall, a great pick! Shout out to Katie B. for the suggestion.
Treated some clients to Sweet Pea Bakery items and they loved them!  I got the PB & J cookies , Mojito cookies and Rum macaroons.  Love that they are not the run of the mill flavors.The shop is adorable, it's actually really big-- surprisingly big!  The employees are really nice and personable and that is always helpful and welcoming, especially when trying something/some place new. They even gave me a precious thank you card to put with the cookies.  I will definitely be going back for more!
Went for dinner on a Sat. night. I made reservations 1 week in advance and when my friend and I arrived to check in for our table, we were handed a pager and told we could go STAND in the bar area seeing as how there was no place to sit and have a cocktail. Not real sure why I bothered to make the reservation. About 40 min later we were taken to our table where there was NO ONE else seated at first for the Teppan cooking.Kind of a bummer. About another half and hour and more people were seated. It's only about 10 pm now and my friend is literally starving. The bar area is a joke. Maybe I just don't go to Scottsdale often enough but are these people serious?? There were maybe 4 guys under 25. The rest were in their mid to late 40's. The women were about the same age probably but wore outfits like they thought we wouldn't know how old they were if we just focused on the sparkly sequined shirt and puffy skirts. Or as my friend said, are these ladies re-living prom night or what?? Anyway, food OF COURSE is so over priced and where you think you might get 4 of an appetizer, you get 2. Nothing real special about this place. Once you look beyond the decor and focus on the "scene", service and food-Thanks, I will go to Hon Machi!!
I would rather go to Benihana to be honest. I have been here a few times because its so convenient but has never been worth it in the end. I have eaten here and had dinner to go it always takes forever and it is not cheap I expect cheaper if theres no atmosphere or really good food would make up for it. I have not gotten sick from the sushi here but lets just say I didnt feel so hot after eating here the last time. I looooove sushi and its hard to say that I wont be back here but I'd rather drive a bit farther and skip running the risk.
Well the view is obvious.  I mean - it is decently high up and gives you a good view of downtown but, I don't know - the view from the Arizona Club is better.  We went here after watching a show at the Herberger and I was expecting some high class expensive dining that that is exactly what I got.  The service matched the price tag which was nice to see but the restaurant itself was disappointing.  Not only did they not have Coke or dark rum but they let poor Ashley A order a prime rib and then told her they were all out.  I had the drunken shrimp and they were pretty excellent.  The sauce around them was really good and they were resting on a piece of toast disguised as a crostini.  I also had a few bites of the lava cake but since it was buried under a pound of powered sugar, I couldn't eat any more.I guess I just agree with Beth S's review...I'm just not seeing what justifies the price.  The District in the Sheraton next door is a restaurant in a hotel that has amazing food that is priced better than this.  Plus, the view there isn't half bad.
Definitely a place where the reputation precedes the actual experience.It's like it's trying to be Binkley's, and it's not even in the same ballpark.We were there on a THU night, and the place was dead.  Still, it seemed to take 30 minutes between courses.  Which is fine, if you have some bread or amuse bouche between.  Which you don't at Posh.  So, you eat your tasting portion in 4 minutes, then you sit there for another 26.  By the time the 3rd course came of our 5th course meal at hour one and a half, we were all tired, bored, and no longer hungry.  We ended up asking our last course to be wrapped, as we were that turned off.What really disturbed me on the food, however, was the foie gras.  An extra $15 supplement - which is fine, as I think it's always worth it for great foie gras.  We were presented a plate with nice size piece of foie gras, in a fruit coulis, and what looked like a nice brulee crust on one side.  It looked amazing.  And was, if I stopped at eye appeal.  Unfortunately, Chef decided to go way off the grid, and serve it COLD.  I'm not talking room temp, I'm talking refrigerator cold.  If you are a foie gras fan, then you know this is like eating a square of lard.  It was impalitable.  Imagine being served a lump of shortening on a plate, because this is what cold foie gras tastes like.  I like the surprise aspect of the courses, and I like the fact you can tell them what you like and don't like to start, but ultimately, I see now why it's best to know exactly what you're getting in advance.  It took me about 10 minutes to figure out why the whole concept of Posh fails.  The dining experience starts when you're wowed by a menu, and sit in anticipation of what you've ordered.  When you have no expectations, it's hard to get excited.  By the time the plate is dropped and the server is telling you how your fluke is in a mascerated lima bean sauce with a marigold flower garnish and buttermilk glaze, you're not really into the ingredients, and just want to eat.  I had to ask my server to repeat every course I was served at least twice - lol.Perhaps if I hadn't been spoiled by Binkley's, that has an expansive menu that changes daily, and you pick from 4-7 courses BUT you are given about 6-8 amuse bouche (and bread which is served French style with choices) between courses, I suppose I would have been more impressed with Posh.  But not by much...
I went to Blanco Tacos + Tequila in Scottsdale with my family for my birthday dinner. This is another one of Sam Fox's restaurants, and it serves up modern Mexican fare. Our party of five all got a ton of food that definitely required to-go boxes throughout the meal.The atmosphere at Blanco totally didn't surprise me, considering it's a Fox eatery. There was the open kitchen, huge hanging lights, centrally located bar and airy feel. It was chic and dimly lit with candlelight, but there were televisions throughout broadcasting football games. It was a great mix of casual and fancy, making it the type of place where it's perfectly acceptable to go and just down a couple margaritas, or have a fun dinner date.I started with the Blood Orange Margarita ($9), which you should get with salt even though it's a little sweet. It was a strong drink, and the sweetness wasn't overpowering.For my meal, I started with the housemade guacamole to go with our tasty chips and spicy salsa, then had cheese enchiladas and finished with a Tres Leche cake. The guacamole was so amazing, other people at the table were also inspired to order it for their starter. I really liked the cheese enchiladas, but, as my mom pointed out, they're more modern in that they're not smothered and dripping with cheese. Instead, they're covered in an interesting creamy ancho sauce. I guess I prefer traditional cheese enchiladas, but there was still a ton of cheese inside the tortillas that made me happy.The cake was really interesting. Someone compared it to a bread pudding, since it was really crumbly and wet because it was drenched in a milky sauce. I liked it, but it was too rich to finish.Altogether, I thought the meal was an excellent deal. I would definitely go back for the lively ambiance and tasty take on Mexican food.
I just had my first Tammie Coe cake last week for my birthday, and I will NEVER be the same again.  I don't normally eat cake, in fact, if it's not Brownies, I don't eat it.  But this cake drew me in with it's appealing fondant.  From there, I got lost in the spongy richness of the cake.  A cornicopia of flaverful goodness.So make a metal note to yourself, I will only eat Brownies and Tamie Coe cakes.Oh, and special thanks to Arts G (previous review) for telling me what the hell fondant is.  I was just calling it "sheet like frosting".
Not impressed. Start with the service. Not professional. It seemed as though the wait staff was clueless as to the table numbers. We were given the wrong table's order twice. Second, the food was conceptually a mess. No clear theme or flavor profiles. The food was heavy, greasy and took forever to arrive. None of the dishes were memorable. Third, the wine selection seemed to be lacking. And, the sommelier didn't know where the wine was from she was serving. Not impressed.
Yum. Only wish this place was closer to my side of town so I could eat there more often.  Babbo (doesn't this mean Santa in Italian?) is a neighborhood Italian food joint that gives you big, tasty portions of food for little prices.My friend and I always go here with her fam when she's in town, and I always look forward to it. The menu is filled with tons of pastas and all the regular Italian fare you'd expect to find, but they also have some great, unexpected desserts.They have this apple calzone that is so freaking good, but the only downside is that it takes forever to cook.  Order it while you're still eating your dinner so you won't be sitting there for another 30 minutes waiting on it. They also have a huge half baked cookie dessert kinda like the amazing one at Oregano's. And while it's not as good, it comes pretty close. The desserts are ginormous, so sharing is best.
Loving this place since I was a kid. Stopped eating meat three years ago, so I miss the Jerk Fried Rice and Carnitas and Emerald Chicken, BUT the Veggie Quesadilla with black beans and white rice is amazing with their tasty red salsa.Always amazing customer service and it's great that they let you taste everything before you commit. They should lighten their footprint and reduce food packaging. I always feel guilty when I leave with all that aluminum and styrofoam.BTW, don't be swayed by offers of other cookies; snickerdoodles are where it's at.
I have been craving some soul food for quite some time, so I kicked and screamed til someone finally took me to Lolo's. After memorizing the menu for weeks, I knew I wanted the Baby Ray. So we go in and I was overjoyed that they had a band playing some sweet grooves. I jammed out a lil while waiting for about 10 minutes. We were seated in a nice lil half booth/table combo and had a huge jar of koolaid and sweet tea delivered to us. Yum! I starting getting the biggest sugar rush halfway through the wait. When my food did arrive, I was presented with two waffles bigger than my face, 3 big pieces of chicken smothered in enough gravy and onions to fill a whole gravy boat. The chicken was spectacular, really good flavor and crisp(when not soaked in gravy, get it on the side?). Gravy was pretty good as well.  The waffles were alright, I can't say I am the biggest waffle fan, but the subtle cinnamon flavor was nice. I think the waffles could have been better in my opinion. I am kicking myself for not trying the grits and collared greens or the red velvet cake. I could not finish my second waffle though, so much food, couldn't even think. The service was probably a B-. The hostess was bubbly and sweet. Our server was busy and a little frazzled maybe. The server gave us the wrong change and seemed to not believe that she had. Waiting for the correction was longer than average for sure. Overall, though, I had a good time, perfect way to end my weekend.
Music was loud as shit.  The food, Jesus Christ the food.  Lame ass chips and salsa.  No joke, like 8 chips were on the plate.  Salsa was probably one of the worst I've had, no flavor at all and warm.   Salads come out warm (I'm assuming this is why I've been puking).  Gross right, warm lettuce.  Waiter let's us know they can make daughter a little quesadilla (cheese only) which comes out so greasy.  Our taco plates come out 10 minutes later.  2 dinky tacos on each plate that are flavorless and luke warm at best.  Yes, they are spicey, no that does not mean they are flavorful.  I'm literally using my cell phone to see what was on the plate it's so dark.  Mint water was warm.  Gross and not refreshing whatsoever.  My daughter's quesadilla was $13, yes for 2 tortillas smaller than my hand and some 'cheese'.  I get it- make a dollar, but damn, don't rip your customers off.  So over the top lame.  Neither my husband nor myself finished.   Meal was $46.  Horrible.  Health department should go temp that place- I'm not sure the refrigeration is working properly.  Such a disappointment, I've been a vegetarian for 18 years- was looking forward to a new spot.  Won't be returning.  Ever.
I have memories that make my mouth water.  My mother calls me everytime she passes through Phoenix to ask me where this place is.  She tells her friends in Los Angeles to come here if they have business or family trips to Phoenix.  They all rave after their experience.  The fry bread house is as authentic as it gets.  Indian tacos, fry bread with sugar, and oh my god--the red chili stew.  I think I just drooled a little on my keyboard.  The place does get a little cramped during meal times, but we used to take ours to go and sit in the park after a bike ride down Central and picnic away and then do our best to ride it off afterwards so we weren't wallowing in the guilt of our deep fried pleasures.  Make sure they are open before you make the trek, they have funky hours.
I am not in love with this place nor do I despise it.I am Mr. Middle-of-the Road with Stacy's.Somethings he does very well, others are just so-so.Here are the Do's and Don'ts-DO-Order a sweet potato pie to go. That happens to rock the house!Have the pulled pork sandwich. Solid sandwich.DONT--Do not and I mean DO NOT order the chicken BBQ sandwich. I ordered this a couple months ago and I could have used the shredded chicken as toothpicks. They were hard and came served in a weird cone-like shape on the bun. Also, skip the sweet potato fries. They are dry and taste like dirt. Yep, I said it. Sorry Stacy. Back to the drawing board on those.The sauce is everything at a BBQ joint and his is just OK. Actually, I have had better in a store-bought bottle from AJs.If you are in the area, go for it. If you live out in Glendale, it's probably not worth the drive. I am not sure what Bon Appetite was thinking when they gave this one of the top 10 new BBQ joints of 2009.The lady who works behind the counter is funny as hell and is a total sweetheart! BTW--CASH MONEY only!
OK guys (and gals too), I know size isn't everything, but OMG, this place has crazy size portions and I loooove it!  We ordered the calamari and the stuffed mushrooms (1/2 orders) and STILL, the servings were huge.  Six big stuffed mushrooms sitting on what seemed to me to be the biggest plate I have ever seen serving an appetizer.  They were great and tasty, but cooled down too quickly and who can do anything about that?  The calamari was decent, could have been spiced up a bit or served with something more than marinara sauce, but for those who don't like a lot of fan fare with their food, this would be perfect; classic calamari with classic sauce.  We loved the Stella Artois draft beer and martinis came out big and filled to the brim, just how I like them.  For our entrees we ordered the Baked Ziti and Sausage and the Rigatoni "D".  Both of them were absolutely fantastic...yumm.  And both were HUGE.  The baked ziti stayed warm right up until we packed the rest to take home because they actually bake it right in the ceramic type dish that they serve it in, very smart.  For those with little ones, the kids menu is awesome and probably the healthiest meal a kid is going to get anywhere.  Nothing at this place is pre packaged or pre made and that goes for the kids meals as well.  Their chicken fingers are home made (the pickiest of adults would eat these things!), no french fries; home made mashed potatoes and broccoli florets.  This is the KIDS menu!  Our waiter needed to be coaxed out of his shell, but he was still warm in that great way that the good ones know how to do without intruding.  Great leather booths, linen napkins, white table cloths with a white and red checkered one thrown on top for added warmth, elegant, but not stuffy.  Guys could go in with t-shirts and dress shorts and fit right in and for the ladies who like to dress up, you can as well with out feeling overly so.I am definitely going here again, what a find!
(aka. SKETCHY TEMPE with BONNIE G, Part One of Three)I was in Tempe. I was having coffee. I was sedate. I wanted to see if anyone wanted join me and discuss Kafka or something boring. And so I called up the town's most famous resident to see what was goin' down."Um, YOU need to see sketchy Tempe. It is time. And I will be the one who will show it to you. Meet me at Time Out Lounge. No, wait. Meet me at Monkey Pants. Yes, Monkey Pants!"And so I did. Monkey Pants! Sorry folks, but this name is nonsensically awesome. I walked in and sat myself at the round bar, joining a smattering of other patrons sitting there by themselves, each staring into nowhere in particular. Well drinks for $2.50, served in a standard kitchen glass. Nice! I proceeded to watch the football game and was soon joined by my Tempe tour guide.We were approached by the bartender to do discounted Patron shots....but only if we wore sombreros. There was barely anyone here on a Sunday night, and I'm of the kind who doesn't care anyway, and the thought of me and Bonnie G sitting at a desolate stripmall bar with sombreros on is kind of ridiculous and great at the same time, but shots were not on my agenda for the night. Alas.I then got a royal tour of the place, including the great leg lamp (actually it's two legs, not just one!), shuffleboard, pool tables, couches with a cozy fire being played on endless loop on a big screen TV, ample board games and another section with tables and chairs, which is where we sat, under the painting of the teddy bear in Richard Simmons gear. Other patrons were seated all over the large space, so everyone had their own private area in a way. I actually really dug this. I'm not one who needs a place to be crowded to enjoy myself or feel like "it's happening." Sitting around a fake fire with pints and board games with a few friends is more my speed these days anyway. So I may sound decrepit, but I'm really not that old. I swear.Sure, Monkey Pants has frat-party gimmicks throughout the day, but this place has no pretense whatsoever. How can you even take it seriously? Even it doesn't take itself seriously. I mean, it's just sitting there. In a strip mall. In Tempe. With a painting of a teddy bear wearing Richard Simmons workout gear on the wall and a stack of sombreros sitting next to a popcorn machine. Waiting for you to leave your critical mind behind and enjoy the now.And enjoy the now we did. All thanks to my Sketchy Tempe tour guide.4 stars.(end of Part One)
I'm in love. Bacon you have my heart and my stomach. After all- where else does everything come with one of my favorite foods attached to it? Even my Bloody Mary had a slice of crisp bacon in it along with a celery spear, olives and onions. Probably one of the best Bloody Mary's I have had in awhile. The location is a little off the beaten path which is why, I think, people are lined up to get in the Breakfast Club a couple of blocks away for mediocre food, and here at Bacon- the food and service is better and there was no line on the Sunday I was there. I was seated in what they call "the nook" located on the side where I had full view of the restaurant. The menu was well organized and entrees come with toast and breakfast potatoes and your choice of a side of bacon or ham. You can also substitute fresh tomatoes if that is your wish. The food came up quickly and was delicious! My ham and cheese omelet was perfectly done (all melted cheese and ham inside and firm eggs on the outside) and the side of bacon was crisp and tasty. Given the size, this easily was a 4 egg omelet. Breakfast with drinks ran about $20 which was cheap for all the food I got. But I would be remiss if I didn't talk about what really blew me away about this place. It's the fantastic service! Everyone seems to be part of a larger team. I was greeted by one person, seated by another and had at least three servers taking care of me. And countless people stopped by to ask how things were, if I needed more water for my tea, or if I wanted more preserves for my toast. It was unbelievable! While they have been open for 9 months- they had the staff of a place that has been open much longer. The ambiance is contemporary but is warmed up by the blue booths, checkered table cloths, and some mismatched dining tables in the center that can be expanded for larger groups. There are also antique food cases lining the walls filled with tins of chocolate, and other food "cues". I also liked that they have those "roll up" doors on the one side that bring the outdoors in and seats outside on those perfect days. If I lived in Scottsdale- this would be my "go to" brunch place. What I don't get is why people are waiting in line at a place around the corner that left me a little cold. C'mon people. If you haven't checked Bacon out- you should. After all- what's not to like about, Bacon?
Scary things to me:Paris Hilton has a career. Sarah Palin. Really. She's like the new Anita Bryant. My fathers' overgrown eyebrows. Trim, daddy, trim!Droves of high schoolers leaving school just as I'm trying to find Barrio Cafe. Seriously. Like thousands of them. And I couldn't find the damn restaurant. What was I gonna do? Roll down the window (well, not roll down, seriously, who rolls down windows anymore?) and holler out in my best lispy voice, "Hey, squeeze me fellas, I'm going to a wine tasting at the Barrio Cafe. Y'all know where that is?" Since all teenagers carry guns, yes, that scared me. Finally. I found it. And entered. Cute. Cozy. Middle of the day, so empty. Great, vibrant art. And a very attentive and friendly staff. Often times at this time of day, restaurants really drop the ball. No ball dropping here.I had La Paloma margarita which is made with a grapefruit soda. Think Squirt and Patron! And after a couple of these babies I was in el bano squirting out that Patron. Dee lish however. I ordered the Enchiladas Del Mar. Enchiladas of the Sea for my non Spanish speaking peeps. You know what? It was good. Not great. And the presentation was somewhat messy. I couldn't find the crab or the scallops (which were the size of the ends of q-tips by the way). They were lost in the sauce and the cheese. But I devoured it as the blue corn tortillas sang to me. My friend had a chickent torta. Big and rustic. Like Janet Reno. She loved it! I will most definitely be back. Hopefully I will not have to navigate through the plethora of pubescent people and hopefullyl I will pick that Barrio menu item that will blow my calcentinas off. Oh. That's blow my socks off. BTW. Adios for now mi yelpitas!
OK OK... as a Proud Italian I hope my momma don't see this! I'm actually going to give D'moes a 5 star rating for a few reasons. Last Friday, me and my 2 brothers left the suns game, and proceed to put a few "adult" beverages back. At around 2am, when Haney's shut down, we had an overwhelming craving for crap pizza (its better than our normal Jack in Box at 3am run that usually ends up with someone puking in the drive thru line because the smell of the taco sauce is so amazing). Low and behold, the ONLY spot that was still taking orders (up to 2am!) was D'moes. Now, 1st off - I live at Summitt (by BOB). These guys gladly delivered to me, all the way down there! Major props for that. 2 - They understood me... considering I don't remember ordering the pizza (I woke up to pizza and wings boxes all over my pad, and me saying "who ordered pizza" then I burped... wing sauce and vodka is a healthy combo. 3 - apparently, after checking my voice mail, the driver was pounding on our door for about 5 minutes (we were REALLY jamming out to Rock Band, in case you don't know, were pretty awesome. Wikipedia that Ish ladies and Gent's; Kansas City Bullriders). Well, the driver and my door man both called 3 times. I'm assuming the driver eventually came in and grabbed the bass guitar and strummed it out. Maybe he had a slice with us? Who really knows these things. However, I do know that I was insanely impressed with D'moes... from the left overs I ate the next when I could remember. It was pretty darn good. Between the awesome'ness that is called "their customer service" and the legit taste it left in my mouth, I'm a believer, unless, if I say I'm not, will I get a commercial?... hmmmm.... Potential there....
I've been here three times now and have yet to have a bad meal, or walk away complaining. The food is consistent. The prices are fair. And the service is great. Nice hidden gem without stupid long waits at breakfast. Score!
I don't get it. This place is crazy busy with no Manager in sight and in hiding during the busy dinner hour. No name tags on the employees. I was scolded for pointing over the sneeze glass to the sauce that I wanted since nothing was labeled. I guess I violated the health code. Thanks for not locking me up. I told my family we will not spend one more dime here.
Lee Lee's finally expanded from their Chandler location for us who have loyally driven an hour to shop. Low prices, huge selection, and it only took like a week for the place to smell like a true Asian market (i.e., wherever you are, you will never escape the smell of fish).I love it. I bought ingredients for Vietnamese spring rolls, two different kinds of curries, a new motor/pestle, a Vietnamese coffee press, and some various other vegetables and liquors... hardly anything. Also, the seafood, while I didn't purchase any, looks very fresh.Wonderful to see such a great addition to west Phoenix.
I had to drop it down to 2 stars.  The food was the same quality, but they do not bring out big bowls of white and brown rice anymore.  They brought out 5 small bowls of rice when there are 7 of us.  Are we suppose to share or have our individual bowls?  We had our usuals:2 chicken fried rice - ok2 mongolian beef - good2 chicken chow mein - good2 crispy honey chicken - good1 orange peel chicken - meh...1 spicy chicken - too spicy for me, but the group said it was goodMain reason for the 2 stars was the service SUCKED!  We had to literally get our servers attention for anything (refills, more rice, togo boxes, etc.).  We waited 15 mins for our server to pick up the check, he never showed!  So we handed it off to other server and asked if she can help us.  He came back to the table only the times we can grab he attention.  We were always out of drinks.  I have not had that BAD of a service in a long time.  I will not come back on my own, but if the family wants to then they can drag me along (kicking and screaming).
Fruity Pebbles! YAY!They don't have a sign up yet, but we were walking by and noticed they were open and there were happy people inside so they must be, oh yes it was true, giving away free frozen yogurt! They were offering original (vanilla) and pomegranate flavors to choose from, I chose pomegranate. They have fruity pebbles as a topping which made me very happy, since that was my favorite cereal as a kid.
A roadtrip would not be complete without local BBQ and Bobby's does not disappoint!Fancy smancy table serviceDark and cool with bar seatingRotisserie chick and bragging about the ribs. Alex was friendly and rattled off drink specials. Other servers were chatting with friends at the bar and one, blond one dipped into her cleavage for something. I hope she washes her hands before serving up a meal. Now I look around, this is a breaking ground for hooters. Low cut and falling out. Not a fan of that. Bobby Q Amber Ale (Sonoran Brewing) is too light with a bitter bite. Not my type of amber but they tried. 2 meats, brisket & sausage w/ mac&cheese and...the pecan coleslaw? What the heck for $18.  Pulled pork sandwich $102 meat with pork and brisket Ranch House SaladCorn bread (pucks) of sweet, warm goodness.Sides were great! The beans with zest, the M&C takes me back to old school cafeteria, the potato salad was fantastic and the slaw was great with the pecan. Brisket was the clear winner from the table and we all loved the smoky sausage. The pulled pork was a disappointing third as it was dry. Good thing I went with brisket. Two thumbs up here kids. Well worth your time and money. Yelp check in brought a 10% off the total tab too.
A definite welcome to the neighborhood!! I was delightfully surprised at how much the store offers in such a small space. Grant it you are not going to get many choices on some items, but you may be surprised at some of the items you do find. There were plenty of choices for organic foods and "green" products, also. The good:convenience - for those of you that has one in your neighborhood. Easy to get in and out of with front door parking.PRICE - The prices are as low as Walmart's but without the hassle of having to deal with the super-store size. (they accept coupons too - even better) Ready meals - Great concept. Many places do this, but I found that it was easy (and fun) to create a full meal. Main courses, salads, sides, sandwiches and desserts all labeled and located in one place. If you don't have time to cook give it a shot. It is not as cheap as cooking it yourself but lasagna for two people for six bucks isn't bad. The bad:Stay away from the Rotisserie Chicken. A little dry and over-cooked. I've had better at Fry's, Costco. Save your tastebuds.In a world of Mega-stores with mega-parkiing lots it is nice to have a place that is actually cheaper to go to and within walking distance. The best way to describe Marketside is if you were to cram the Walmart food section and the Wholefoods quality and organic cool factor  in a space the size of Walgreens.
Say hello to the Ghost Lounge, folks. This is a brand new bar located right next to Seamus, within the San Carlos through an agreement with the hotel's ownership. For years, I've thought the Hotel San Carlos was an under-appreciated (through its own fault) downtown venue. With the Ghost, the owner has finally executed a plan to revive its rightful place on the downtown Phoenix scene. This is apparent from the first step inside the lobby, which appears as it did in 1928 when the hotel first opened. If celebrities in the 1930s had to spend the night in Phoenix, back then a small, un-airconditioned cowboy town with around 50,000, they would have stayed here. (Or else the near-by Westward Ho). You get a taste of those times with the massive photographic blow-ups the Ghost has put up on its walls of various scenes from early 20th century downtown Phoenix. So large that you can zero in on individual pedestrians on the streets, and marvel at their bowties, cowboy hats, handkerchiefs and facial expressions. Back then, the San Carlos was probably one of the only places in town that was "air-cooled." (That may have meant it had swamp coolers. I haven't googled the history of air conditioning technology for this review.)I'd describe the bar's style as grandiose, and classic old school Phoenix with an obligatory hint of Chicago (obligatory given the decades-old economic relationship betweeen the two cities that endures to this day). It has been beautifully done. I will be back often.
Sometimes you CAN judge a book by its cover. This looks like a typical diner and indeed that's what it was. Even though the place was busy (Sunday breakfast time) I was immediately seated, the servers were friendly and everyone used the obligatory "hon" when addressing you, and the food came fast in spite of the busy time. Taste and quality of the food were typical for a diner - OK, not great, but the pancakes were definitely more than I could finish. Not as inexpensive as I though it would be: pancakes (3) with bacon and eggs and a cup of coffee came to a few cents short of 10 bucks! Very casual atmosphere: most of the folks here were attired like they were about to do some home gardening after breakfast.
I would never have stopped at the Wy-Knot Cafe if it had not been for a friend mentioning it in a post on Facebook. I am glad I saw that post. There have been a number of restaurants in that location that have failed. Wy-Knot has opened the space up, made it dog friendly (it is named for their dog) and has a great menu. You order at the counter and then they bring the food out to you. The employees were all very friendly. The only down side was the lack of parking due to the other businesses sharing a lot. Also there were hardly any customers. Hopefully they will deliver menus to the houses in the neighborhood and maybe do some promotions on the neighborhood e-mail service so people will know what they have to offer. I would like to see them make it.They serve breakfast and lunch all day. They had a variety of choices and it was hard to decide on one. We split a BLT and a Chicken Salad Sandwich so we could try both. They come with a side of beet salad or salad of the day. The beet salad was very good. We both preferred the BLT but I am sure the Chicken Salad was more healthy and it was tasty as well.Give them a try, I think you will enjoy the Wy-Knot Cafe. I will be back.
Every culture has their comfort soup.  American's have chicken noodle, Mexican's have menudo and Vietnamese have pho.  I must have been Vietnamese in a past life. Pho is the national dish of Vietnam and a staple at any Vietnamese restaurant and Pho Avina has some of the best pho around.  Let me warn you - this isn't an appetizer, this is a meal.  A big, steaming bowl of soup served with your choice of meat and noodles in a savory, almost sweet, broth.  The pho is served with a large plate of fresh basil, cilantro and bean sprouts; the cilantro complimented the soup nicely.  I chose the chicken and shrimp and was pleasantly surprised with large shrimp and big chunks of all white chicken. My eyes were bigger than my stomach, so I also ordered the deluxe vermicelli salad.  A salad of noodles, veggies, beef, chicken, shrimp, eggroll, sweet potato cake and fish sauce - toss together and enjoy.  I had it boxed up, but did nibble on a few items and the sweet potato cake is out of this world good. I had come for the banh mi at the recommendation of a previous yelper.  They only serve the sandwiches Monday-Friday from 11-3; I had just missed them.  Darn.  I will definitely be back to try the banh mi and a boba, there were soooo many delicious flavors to choose from except for the fresh durian - icky, icky, icky.
Love this place! I went with my Grandma and Aunt on a Thursday afternoon. The weather was great but just a tad windy so we sat inside. First I like the layout of this place, very open and airy. There are 2 outside patios one street level and then one upstairs. I actually have been here twice so far. First time was just for a mid afternoon cocktail with one of my stylists. The servers were very friendly and our concoction of vodka, grapefruit and cranberry juice was the perfect blend. The second time we ordered 3 small plates to share, ahi tacos, artichoke and spinach dip and the mussels. All three were heavenly and very reasonably priced. The ahi was fresh and chilled, perfect for a warm day. The artichoke dip was different than any I have had before, gooey cheesy goodness that we gobbled up practically licking the bowl. The chips that accompanied the did were fresh and perfectly salted, even when the dip was done we still polished off the chips. The mussels were in a perfect white wine sauce but the stars of this dish were the mussels themselves. Buttery and melt in your mouth good, not chewy at all with no grit, to most common problem I find. The broth was so good I let the bread marinate at the bottom of the bowl, soaking up the juice. My martini was a generous pour and even though they were out of blue cheese stuff olives the bartender took the time to stuff some and deliver it to our table. Now on to the staff, all are a good looking lot but they are also skilled. All of our food and drinks were delivered in a timely manner by our lovely server Jennifer. We also met one of the sous chefs, Lennie. A charming fellow with stunning blue eyes, my grandmother remarked on them, a playful Mohawk and tattoos peaking out of his uniform. He swears that the sweet potato fries are some of the best in town and sent over a complimentary bucket. I do believe he is right, cooked to perfection, slightly crisp on the outside, warm and soft on the inside dusted with fresh herbs and I believe Parmesan cheese. After our meal the manager came over to make sure everything was to our liking. RnR is another great place within walking distance from my salon and I am looking forward to trying everything on their menu. If all the items are as wonderful as the first 3 I tried I am in for a treat!
The Chuck Box is dark. Very dark. Even in the day time it feels like night in that place. This doesn't help when it comes time to put condiments on one's burger. I am skeptical as to how well the condiment bar looks in good light, which may explain the choice of lighting. Still, grinning and bearing it, I load up my veggie burger with appropriate toppings and, usually with fried zucchini in hand make my way to one of the very uncomfortable seats.Every time I go to the Chuck Box I feel as if there is going to be something wrong with the food, and this something is being concealed from me by the lack of lighting. Yet, each time I go I have a delicious veggie burger or grilled chicken sandwich. My friends have also enjoyed "real" burgers there as well. Maybe it's best they keep the lights dim, but the food tastes so good there may be nothing to fear after all.
Had breakfast this morning while waiting on getting my windows on my car tinted. I had the build your own omelete. I got it with chorizo bell peppers and cheddar cheese. It was pretty good and the portion size was big for the price. They had fresh squeezed orange juice too. Not the best breakfast I've had but it was good.
I came in here wanting and expecting this place to be amazing.  I wanted this place to be 5 stars. ugh, I feel like a failure for giving it 2.  I've heard such good things about this place, and was expecting it to be good, but unfortunately, it was not.  :-(I walked in and placed my order.   The menu seems to be decent enough, with a fair amount of selection.  Ample amounts of toppings, and you can have your burger a few different ways. Mind you, I'm a burger lover, so I'm always up for places like this.I ordered a regular burger with all the fixings and BBQ sauce on top.  I got the fries too.  It came in a brown bag..I guess thats how they serve it regardless if you eat in or not.I was dissappointed with the burger itself.  It seemed like it came with way to much topping. I mean, like an overwhelming amount.  I ate it, and the burger was okay, but not as good as I have experienced at other comparable places.  I wasn't looking to be "blown away" by the burger, but I wasn't really impressed over all.  It wasn't that great, to much on the toppings, and it didnt really do much for me.  I will say tho, you get a TON of fries tho.I left feeling underwhelmed, and don't know that I will be back in the future.
Agree with everyone on here, this is some really good food.  Very laid back un-asuming place inside another strip mall on Bell Road.  Ah what treasures lie hidden in a strip mall....We were greeted by a friendly young man who took our order right away, I ordered, well I don't quite remember the name,  but it was steak pieces with french fries and onions, and rice.  I was fooled by the mild salsa that came with the chips and said, "hey can you make my dish spicy?"  The server said no problem, and while the dish was very fresh, my mouth was on fire, and I touched  my eye and it was like pepper spray or something.  I love hot food, I can eat Los Dos Molinos Abogado ribs for example with little problem, but this stuff kicked my butt!!  It had little red peppers in it that I have never experienced before. HOT!!  I kept remembering Deb's review:"....this is not Mexican food....".  No kidding, next time I will get it milder.  My eye burns still.....Wife got a milder flat pan steak dish with lentils and rice.  She praised its freshness.  We also split a red beef tamale (they were only like $2) so it was just a sample but decent.They only have 6 tables in there!  And they had to change their name due to copyright infringement from a restaurant  in Texas according to the young man.  Either way, we will be back for sure.  Good stuff!!  Something tells me there is more burn to come, perhaps tomorrow if you know what I mean?  Beware!  They can really spice it up if you ask them too.  I met my match at Mi Comida....Fresh ingredients, nice people, and a nice change from Mexican food.Recommended!  Don't touch your eyes if you touched those little red pepper things, that is for sure!!
The ambience is a feast for the eyes and for the touch, this much is true, but one is paying a very high price for this exclusivity.  While I liked waiting in the lobby- couldn't sit at the sushi counter until it was open for dinner service at 5:30p- I did notice that for a venue that strives to project a life of luxury, housekeeping hadn't come by to clean food debris off of the coffee table (closest to the sushi restaurant's host desk).  Not even when a rep came by to alert me to a bar menu sitting on the table and asked me if I had wanted anything from the bar- she had to have noticed the mess?!I ordered a $9.50 spider roll (soft-shelled crab), a $10 veggie tempura app, and a $19 baked lobster roll, all priced at 50% for one week during their 1-year anniversary.  They're all good, and factoring in the ostentatious surroundings, I'd pay $9.50 for the soft-shelled crab roll, but I'd put my foot down on the other two.  50% maybe, but $19 for a five-piece lobster roll?  Yes, it was very tasty, and yes, the cream sauce was orgasmic, but for $19, I expect moments from the restaurant scenes of "The Ugly Truth" or "When Harry Met Sally," take your pick.If you've money to burn or have someone else paying for the bill, then this is your sushi stop near Old Town Scottsdale.
We came there on November 5, 2011 and the service was very bad. The worst I have ever seen and we were treated like shit. We came into town from LA and Vegas for the NFL game and seen Mrs. White's cafe on Foodnet Work and knew the food had to be great. The chicken was great, but the customer service was so bad we will never return again.  We got a refill on our drinks and the guy poured sum of our drinks on the left overs so we could not take our food back to the hotel. Foodnet Work shame on you for recommending this place. Just because the chicken is good, does not mean you treat people like shit. We had to remind the staff over six times to get our order. We waited over 40 minutes to get the other 3 pieces of chicken to finish our meal. We don't mind waiting but it was pretty rude when you are watching other peolple are getting their meals when they walked in after us. The Mac and Cheese did not look like everyone else's order- it look like it came out of a box. You can tell it was far from homemade, it cleary was not bake, no crust. The gravy was watered, missing favor. Corn bread was over cooked under salted. The cornbread sure as  hell did not look like everyones else's cornbread. I felt like we received the leftovers. Truly the worst service we ever received. The place needs to learn how to be respectful and just be nice.
Super Dark Chocolate Gelato.  Word.  Tiramisu Gelato.  Straight Up.  Super Dark Chocolate Gelato and Tiramisu together.  Good Stuff.  This store smells like a pool.  I have no idea what's up with that but the Super Dark Chocolate Gelato is awesome.I will go back just for that.  And I will order the largest size I can handle...Kids Size.  Or maybe Small if I'm feeling ambitious.  Gelato is rich.  Super Dark Chocolate Gelato is Super Rich.  You've been warned.
I think everyone has said most everything that needs to be said about this place. But I'll highlight the reasons I frequent Switch...free wi-figood drinks$5 recession plate special - that is always as awesome as the rest of their menugood happy hour specialsopen til 11pm 7 days a weekgood wine great/friendly wait stafftheir salads are out of control - amazing.i think i could happily support/invest in switch/fez/ticoz dynasty for all of eternity...if i had the means.
My husband and I visited the olive mill this morning. We decided to go there after finding reviews on here so Thankyou! It is kind of funny also since we live in Circle Cross Ranch which is just right up the road from QCOM. I have passed this building so many times and just tossed it up to another little local farm out here. First we sampled all the olives and the different oils and dipping sauces. My husband complained he thinks the products are overpriced but I thought they were reasonable since they are really good and don't taste anything like the stuff you get in the supermarkets. After selecting a few items, I bought the mesquite almond stuffed olives and lemon and blood orange olive oils. Blood orange is amazing I can't wait to try it on a salad. I also bought a plain virgin olive oil.The oil is so flavorful and their claim is it is pesticide free since they don't have a problem with some sort of fruit fly they normally have problems with in olives here because of our dry hot climate. We decided to grab a bite. This was the only problem, not for me but for my husband. I guess this is a perfect place for the girls to get together for lunch but if you have a man that has a pretty hearty appetite like mine then he may not quite be satisfied with what he receives.It was perfect for me. I ordered a paninni that had roasted squash, peppers, arugula, fennel garlic aoli and a parmesan balsamic sauce on it. It was very good. Came with a side of kettle style potato chips and some olives. He had a salad but truthfully it was not a very big salad especially with the salads that could serve 3 you mostly see these days. I guess it is true Americans have come to expect quantity.That is ok, I would definitely go back. I will just have to make sure I leave him at home next time and go with one of my gals instead
I'm so glad that there is at least one Asian grocery store in the valley. Unfortunately they seem to have a hard time keeping some of my favorite items in stock, I wonder if this is a result of some of the import restrictions/delays that have been a result of the recent quality issues with food and toys imported from China.I'm half Chinese and spent much of my youth being dragged around Chinatown near L.A. by my grandmother and 6 or 7 aunts. So the 99 Ranch Market brings back memories...some fond...some not quite so. But, at any rate, the prices are great and the selection is good and authentic (when it's in stock). The cashiers could use a little dosing from the friendly fairy, however. Then again, I don't remember many friendly cashiers or clerks at any of the stores I frequented as a kid...so I guess it just makes the experience all the more genuine for me.I would recommend going on a weekday, or, if you must go on the weekend, just avoid going around lunchtime. There's a dim sum restaurant in the same shopping center and the parking lot gets pretty jam packed with cars and pedestrians.
10:30pm on a Saturday night.  My friend and I try our second attempt at sushi for the night (see my review of Pearl for the first).  Place is hopping.  We take a seat at the sushi bar.The Waitress:  "Are you girls going to be ordering sushi?"Me: I have a sushi menu in my hand, "yes."Waitress:  "Would you mind putting it in soon because they want to go home too."Me: What the fuck, bitch. "Uh, ok"Dear Ra Waitress,I'm sorry if I kept you or any other employess, especially since I finished eating my roll before your kitchen even closed.  It was completely ok to rush me, even though I had no intention of staying all fucking night and even though plenty of new sushi orders came after mine.  I was hardly the last customer in there.  There were people all around me ordering sushi, so I'm still unclear as to why you needed to rush me.  If you were in such a hurry- why did it take you longer to bring and process my bill than it did for me to eat your food?  Maybe it was because you don't know how to count, since you gave the wrong amount of change and I ended up having to tell you the correct amount since you couldn't count it on the spot.  I like Ra for the atmosphere, something you completely ruined.  Thanks for that.   Sincerely,Morgan
Of course, they are no La Madeliene, but if you are looking for some good croissants, this is the place to be. I love, love, love their croissants. But which bakery's croissants do I not love? hmm... But I do love theirs. I have had the almond croissant, the almond and chocolate croissant and finally today when we went there, I had the chocolate croissant. It was just freaking amazing. That's all I can say. (They run out of the chocolate almond croissants pretty quickly so go early if you want some)I have also had lunch here before, some Mediterranean sandwich stuff. The portion is very small compared to the price. Their macaroons look crazy and funky. Have not tried them yet but plan on doing so next time. I almost gave them 4 stars because their hours they are open are very weird. But its okay, I will compromise Essence Bakery. They only use butter imported from Normandy in their Croissants. Wow.
I was in Vietnam last May, and spent every summer in Westminster CA growing up, so to qualify my 5 stars, "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"  I say to what's available of what I've seen in PHX area.  With that said, I've had the Bun Bo Hue, Pho Tai, Com Tam Dac Biet, Bun bi cha gio, and agree with what everyone said about cleanliness, freshness of condiments, integrity of broth ( lack of oiliness ), and general flavor.  The only thing that didn't rock my world was the bahn mi sandwiches- can't vouch for the assorted outsourced items in the chilled section either.  Besides that, If you want Viet food this is your place for the PHX metro area.
My significant other had a $25 off coupon from Restaurant.com LOL. That could sum up the whole trip. I haven't been to many restaurants that participate with restaurant.com that are decent at all. I mean, I wasn't expecting much coming into this place, I shouldn't have expected anything here.I was in the mood for some red meat, and sushi places do actually have decent dishes like teriyaki chicken and stuff like that sometimes. So, I didn't mind checking this place out since I do like a little bit of sushi on the side. The boolgogee, plain, simply plain. There was a salad with the boolgogee, but it too was plain. There wasn't nearly enough meat to warrant a price tag of $8, because the salad and rice probably didn't cost more than $0.50 to make.Oh, the sushi? All of the sushi we happened to get were either super plain or super spicy. By spicy, I mean that there were just too many tastes going on at the same time and it was too overwhelming. I tried a few bites of the 3-4 different rolls we got. After I tried each roll I thought that I liked it but that the taste was too overwhelming for me to want to try another bite. We paid $18 for the food even after the coupon, and I honestly think that even at the price it might be a bit of a rip off considering you can get cheaper, higher quality sushi at Teharu.This place is a rip-off for sushi in my opinion. Its not good enough to warrant the hefty price tag. The sad part is that the interior is very well done, if the food was actually good this place would be extremely interesting.
As far as I know, I'm the only person in this town that has a dish named after them. I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure I'm right. I mean, I'm always right.By now, if you read my reviews, you know that I am vegan and I don't eat gluten. This makes dining out quite an issue at times, especially for breakfast/brunch. I really wanted to hit up The Vig Uptown for brunch because I like it as a Happy Hour spot, the space is incredible, it is within a bike ride from my house, and I love the Original Vig, but alas, there was nothing on the menu to accommodate me. I gently mentioned in person and a few times on FaceBook that having some sort of tofu scrambler would really improve their menu.They listened.They created.They named. (after me!!!)We stopped by for brunch this past Sunday for the dishes debut, and got a personal hello from Tucker. He was excited because they had already sold TEN AMber Scramblers that morning and it isn't even officially on the menu yet! I'm already a star!So, whats the verdict on the AMber Scrambler? Amazing. Seriously. The thing that really sets this apart from other scrambler dishes is sun dried tomatoes. They bring such a delicious flavor! It certainly doesn't hurt that it comes with their signature guac and a side of pico.I'll be here every weekend for the delicious dish and the $5 fresh squeezed mimosas! If you know whats good for you, you will too.
NO.  Don't go. Don't do it.  This was my first visit and it was on a whim because we drive by it often.  One other reviewer here made a wise statement - go the grocery store and buy frozen fish.  I promise it will be better than this.
As far as salon-cafes go, this has got to be one of the better ones.  The sandwiches, while not particularly ground breaking, are thoughtful and assembled with quality components.  Also has a pretty good old-town ambiance.
Had lunch here today with Lynn W. and Rand H. Well the the place is new and the decor is well done and comfy . They have enough food selections to classify them as a super buffet. As far as the food goes it was all pretty good with most of your typical Chinese buffet selections . Some of the extra items were steamed clams , double baked potatoes ,fresh strawberries and Vienna sausage. The macaroni salad I had was very good and i went back for more as was the stuffed shrimp. There is also a sushi bar but I did not try any on this trip. The food here makes them a 4 star eatery and as far as the staff goes they need to be a lot more happier with a name like happy buffet.
After reading the other reviews, I thought perhaps I would weigh in - they seem to be all over the place.  The critics are correct that the decor seems dated.  To me, having grown up back east with this very sort of restaurant, it was charming.  The restaurant is particularly enjoyable to visit at night, when they turn on the lights in the garden.  I enjoy the layout of the dining room, although I agree it is a 'cooler' experience to eat in the bar.  I guess some people could be offended that the staff sit down and eat in the bar when it is slow, but I'm not one of those people - I think it adds to the charm.  I had a very late lunch yesterday - around 3 - thanks to an appointment that went on forever.  So we ended up heading to Riazzi's for a late dinner, around 8:30.  At that time of the evening, the dining room was closed., so we sat in the bar.Their service is truly one of the strengths of this restaurant.  On this night, they were unusually attentive - even for them. The waters came out immediately upon sitting down, then they took your drink order - as it should be. Neither my iced tea or water ever got below half a glass.  This is something I occasionally find annoying at places where the staff draws a lot of attention to itself when they refill drinks - particularly when it interrupts the flow of conversation.  Not at Riazzi's - they are attentive but unobstrusive.  Their bread is my favorite restaurant bread in the Valley - hands down. It is actually better than the Italian bread I grew up eating back east in Hartford, New York, Boston and Providence.  It's so good that I wish they had loaves available.  You have to possess a lot of discipline not to fill up on the bread.The salad is as others have described it - traditional, but fresh.  My favorite item on the menu is now listed under pizzas and described as a Spinach Pie.  This used to be listed under appetizers as the Grass Pie, but if you order a Grass Pie, they'll still know what you mean.  It is a cheeseless pizza with spinach and arrabiata sauce.  Confession:  I love all things arrabiata. But this combination here is perfect.  For about 1.50 (I can't recall the exact figure), they'll add mozzarella to it, but I've never done that because it is perfect as it.  They bring you a healthy amount of tasty parmesan cheese, so you can always throw that on the Spinach Pie.So, I had that. Outstanding as usual. My wife ordered the Penne Primavera, which was very good.  Last time I was there with my daughter, she had the penne with garlic and oil, which I thought was just superb.  Simple, but perfect for a garlic fan like me.  I have a feeling most folks skip over such an entree in favor of something more elaborate, but I recommend it.  We didn't have an appetizer, and even though I wouldn't describe the portions as enormous, they were generous and neither of us could finish our entrees.Is Riazzi's going to be sexy for the young, hip crowd?  Probably not, although it is romantic at night with their lights and sunken/elevated dining room, and has the 'cool' factor of the bar.  It totally hit my 'nostalgic for the east-coast Italian restaurant' needs.  I just wish the service at most modestly-priced Valley eateries approached Riazzi's. You can get spoiled with the bread and service over here.
Okay, eating Thai food in what seems to be an old diner is kinda weird.  But after getting off of long flights, my mother and I needed some kind of Asian food and quick.  The GPS was taking us to a sushi joint when we drove by this place and we immediately switched gears.I give these guys major kudos for the portion size.  Seriously, I felt like I was still in Texas with such an enormous plate full of pad thai sitting in front of me.  And it was delicious--plenty of peanuts, the noodles were perfectly cooked, and they didn't skimp on the meat.  My mom's soup had to be improvised since they'd run out of octopus.  They asked her if she wanted to change her order or just double up on the shrimp and she chose the latter.  Sure, it was tasty, but she was really disappointed.  The fried spring rolls were okay, but they were tiny and not piping hot.This was a nice way for us to start our trip and the food hit the spot.  It came out quickly and the service was quite friendly (though not quite professional).  I'm all about supporting the mom-and-pop shops and when the kids are working for the parents, I feel for them even more (been there, done that).  With a better parking lot and some remodeling to get rid of the weird diner feel, this place will continue to attract more and more clients.
Being that not many places were open on New Years Day, I decided to cruise around and see what was open.  Being that the bookstore wasnt quite open yet and had a horrendous line, I drove around a little bit to see if I could grab a cup of coffee to kill some time.I pulled into the parking lot because theres several stores located in this strip mall, and have shopped at a few stores here before.  I found this coffee shop smashed inbetween other stores.  Its a very small shop, with extremely limited seating.  I will say I liked it here, and I enjoyed my experience for a lot of reasons.  Thier prices are cheap as all get out, which is great!  I got a 12 ounce Mocha for $3.24.  Awesome!  Service here was amazing and friendly, and I will gladly return in the future.So why 3 stars?  there were a whopping 2 tables to sit at inside, and thats kind of a problem.  I also asked the girl about the internet, and she said the signal was in and out, and should be fixed in a few days after the holiday.  For me, a coffee shop is a place that I like to park at for an hour, plug in my computer, surf the net, and drink coffee.  I dont like sitting outside because A) I have no plug and my battery dies after an hour, and B) in the summer Im not sitting in the heat.  So, even though I would return for the prices and service, I wouldnt recomend this place for anyone who plans on staying for more then 5 minutes.
Headed back to Lobby's. How I missed this tasty burger. I wasn't disappointed with round 2. The burger was still fantastic! I'm also happy that the fries were a little bit less salty than my previous trip. With any burger purchase, getting the combo pack (fries/soda) is the smart choice.I do wish that they would lose the styrofoam soda cups and offer more than one size of drinks.Make sure to grab plenty of napkins before you sit down. The burger can make a mess with the homemade sauce dripping off the meat and bun. That's a good thing in my opinion!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueLove it.  The wines are good and they have drink specials ($5 glasses!) and the place looks great, and it's light railable!  The panini was good, not special, but the creme brule made me forget all about it.  And work.  And oil spills.  And life.  Thank god my body's innate intelligence didn't forget about breathing or bladder control.  Those stayed intact.And the bruschetta what what!
Best Cakes around!This may sound crazy, but I've never actually been in this place.  But I've tried so many different things they have.  My job goes through Karsh's for all the anniversary cakes, catering, and special events.  We get cookies, cakes, and other assorted pieces of heaven from Karsh's.  Recently, my coworkers wanted to try something different.  They got an eclaire, cake balls, and mini rainbow cakes.  The rainbow cakes are the best thing to ever go in my mouth.  I could eat those for days.  They just melt in your mouth plus they're covered with chocolate.  What?  Yes!My friends also got me a Karsh's cake for my birthday a few years ago.  I wish I had a picture of it.  It was so pretty with a butterfly on it.  And it tasted amazing.Though I've never been a paying customer and I've never walked through their door, I love this place and highly recommend it for any event you may be throwing.
Sandwiches are pretty decent and tasty..however..they don't include drinks, salad, just a small cookie on the side. We just ordered 2 sanwiches and 2 sodas, a little on the overpriced side, totaled out to $27 just for that. The sandwiches are gigantic or anything. just left feeling a bit hungry and disappointed.
Cork is an enigma.What makes it enigmatic is how damn good it is... Too good for Chandler and maybe too good for the valley.The portions are just right, and anybody that tells you otherwise is a fat ass or a glutton (I'm 6'3, 200lbs. and I was satisfied).  If you want large portions though, go to their lunch/brunches.  I've been there twice and had The Lamb Chop, which was amazing on all levels, and I've had some serious lamb in rural Bosnia, which has been labeled the best in their country... sure enough cork's stood up blow for blow.  The other entrée I experienced was the buttermilk fried chicken.  I was so amazed by the lamb the first time, that I had to try something more "simple" in order to qualify their food in regards to regular places.  Let's just say the chicken was not regular, it was outstanding.  The appetizers are crazy good... can anyone say king crab legs?The wine selection is top notch.  the booze selection is killin, and they even make this amazing Italian lemon stuff that's like 90% alcohol.  make sure you have a designated driver, because this place will inspire winos and boozers to indulge to their fullest.Go to Cork, because it's that damn good!
I discovered this hidden gem while shopping at TJ's and returned for Happy Hour between 4 and 6:30 from T-F.  The patio is in the afternoon shade and far enough off Scottsdale Road to avoid street noise. The seven Tapas (appetizers) attracted my interest and I ended up selecting 1) ebi prawn with grilled fennel, 2) tartine of bouillabaisse and 3) Medjul dates with merguez sausage, sugar cured bacon for the Happy Hour price of 3 for $10 vs the normal 3 for $15.  The single prawn was large and equal in quality to the fresh prawns I had just tasted in New Zealand plus the fennel added more flavor.  The tartine of bouillabaisse was mostly small shrimp but again very tasty and tempting to order a bowl the next time around.  The three Medjul dates with sausage/bacon  was an unusual combination to my culinary experience and superb in flavor.  The select wines were about half the normal price and a definite value at $5 per glass.  In talking with the waiter I noticed there is live jazz on Fridays between 5 and 8.  I will definitely have to return on a Friday to try the other tappas and listen to the Swedish singer who sings some songs in German... see tappas photo...Update 4-25-08 - Happy Hour season ended this week... tappas special  no longer available but the thin crust pepperoni makes a good starter.  Entrees are in the $$$ range...
"So Jimmy, tell the class what you saw at Sweeties!""OK, well, I saw lots of candy. Old-timey candy and cool candy and neat candy. Lots of it. Real lots.""And I saw people walking around with baskets and talking about candy. And talking about candy when they were little.  And talking about what candy they should get for their kids.""Oh, and I saw Turkish Taffy, Maple Bun Bars, Fruit Stripe Gum, Moon Pies, Cherry Mash, Mary Janes, Valomilk Candy Bars,Sen Sen Packs, Goo Goo Clusters, Squirrel Nut Zippers, Flipstick Lipstick, Licorice Pipes, Zero Bars, Twin Bings, Look Bars, Abba-Zabba Bars and U-No Bars.  And that was only a little of it.  And lots of other stuff.""Teach?""Yes Jimmy?""The coolest teacher ever would take her class to Sweeties.""Would they?""Yes."
I can understand why everyone loves this place-- who wouldn't, right? With so many choices of cool, creamy gelato? Well, unless I am just very unlucky and visited on a bad day, this Gelato Spot has gone steeply downhill. My husband ordered a strawberry-kiwi flavored and I chocolate peanut butter. We both agreed: the gelato tasted grainy, with noticable ice crystals. And worse, the flavorings tasted like they came from a bottle, not fresh. IMO, this has become more of a place to see-and-be-seen -- not savor good gelato!
Why did I wait so long to try this neighborhood hot spot!  Having a father who grew up on Los Olivos I remained a loyal customer, that is, until last evening's change in plans lured me to the colorfully lit and lively patio of Los Sombreros Authentic Mexican Cafe & Cantina.  I am not an expert on "authentic" Mexican cuisine nor will I pretend to know what  the flavors of San Miguel de Allende taste like; however, I am a foodie so I know good food when I eat it.  We chose to sit outdoor and enjoy the beautiful weather while taking in another Cardinal's loss!  (Sad, I know, since they were off to a great start)....  Lucky for us it was a calm Monday night and we had the full attention of our waiter, aka the bartender.  Phil (no need to blush if you read this) did a wonderful job walking us through their many margarita selections while also conveying his personal favorites that showcased his love for whiskey!  My friend allowed Phil to make his margarita as he felt a fine margarita should be made while I allowed Phil to concoct my special margarita while following strict no sugar, no salt, heavy on the tequila preferences...and that was just to start!  Perfectly crafted margaritas in hand, check.  Now what to eat for dinner.  My friend ordered his beloved Mole poblano ($18.95) while I couldn't decide between the Smoked chicken enchiladas with salsa verde and chipotle crema (yumm) and the Pollo a la parilla with spinach in a chipotle cream sauce -or- tinga Poblana sauce($18.95).  I opted for the Pollo a la parilla with chipotle cream preparation and, once again, my dinner friend had 'order envy'!!  That's not to say his Mole was par (or dare I say sub-par) because it wasn't - it actually has received many culinary awards being named "Best Mole" both locally and nationally, but because the chipotle cream sauce combined with spinach, perfectly sautéed  chicken breasts and a side of warm corn tortilla is....AMAZZZZZZING!!!!  It's also fair that I note aside from the pricier entree dishes served w two sides (as we ordered), they also offer up tacos (3 at $10.95), various quesadillas (@ $5.95) and other lesser priced authentic eats including fresh guacamole, salads and more!  Deciding I'd save room to see if they could satisfy my sweet tooth I boxed my remaining dinner as we read through each and every dessert.  Undecided, again, and so we trusted our gastronomy guide, Phil, to choose.  He selected the Mexican Chocolate Cream Pie to finish off the evening, and we happily finished off this delectable treat leaving one bite as I always like to do!!!   Thank you, Phil and Los Sombreros, for the memorable dining experience.  The food was outstanding, margaritas made by Phil are the best, and the patio alone is enough to draw me back for HH or even a late night dessert.  Thank you for staying in the neighborhood, Azucena Tovar, and congrats on almost turning 20 years old.
5 stars for the great $5 happy hour specials. the short rib tacos and the fish tacos are delicious and a bargain at 5 for 5 bucks. My favorite drink is the green tea lemonade--it was heavy on the liqour and so refreshing.Service was flawless. We were greeted hello and goodbye by two cheerful hostesses, our waiter and waitress offered great suggestions and the bar tender was sweet as well.
We brought the entire family to Giuseppe's last night for a pre-Thanksgiving meal... yes, that's right - my family likes to carb up for all of the eating we do today!  We brought a ton of wine and had a great time.  Franco was our waiter - and I'm guessing since all the ladies at the table had a crush on him, that he is the waiter Sheila B wrote about in her review too.  Nice eye candy!I absolutely love the eggplant rollatini and pretty much order it every visit.  We usually start with a Giuseppe's Salad and finish with a dessert to share.  My favorite is the white chocolate tartufa.Pasquale (pictured above) is the sweetest man and makes the experience extra special every single time.  Since I'm writing this review on Thanksgiving, I want to give thanks to Pasquale and Ristorant Giuseppe for all the good times I've had there and all of the good times to come!  Salud!
3.5 stars. We decided to check this place out after all the waves. The space and decor is nice and cute, and girly! We arrived at 10:30 for a Sunday brunch, and there were plentiful of empty seats for us to choose. Nice patio, too!I had the French Toast with fresh strawberries and chicken apple sausage (however, the menu says with raspberry, I didn't really care for either one, meh~) The toasts were thick and soft, but weren't that outstanding. I really liked the chicken apple sausages on the other hand, they were tasty and not the typical greasy kind. Friend had the Spinach and Tomato Omelette with feta cheese. I didn't take a bite, but she really enjoyed it. It came with a side of potatoes and fresh fruits.  Our waitress was nice, but the service was slow... Overall we had a nice little trip. It's definitely a good spot for a girls' day out!
I'm not normally one to jump at reviewing a chain restaurant, especially when there are 3 subways all within a couple blocks of each other.  I felt it was necessary in this case.  My husband and I came here over the weekend after a lovely trip to the dog park.  The two guys working here on the lonely afternoon were awesome.  They were really nice and friendly, and quite chatty.  One of them started helping my husband and the other one was sweeping while I was deciding.  The sweeping boy apparently noticed I was ready and he quickly ran to the back, washed his hands, threw on gloves and asked me what I wanted.  WOW!  This type of service has never happened at the other locations, all of which I have been too.  He chatted with me as I told him what I wanted.  He also joked about my weird sandwich and made me laugh.  It's refreshing to see a couple guys working on a boring day and actually enjoying themselves.  They also have outdoor seating which are perfect to sit at and people watch on beautiful days.  We even met this incredible 90 year old guy who is blind and deaf in both ears but somehow managed to communicate with us perfectly.  He was much more lively than most twenty-somethings you meet.  Amazing.  Only in downtown do you meet people like that.  This is a great Subway.  Go here and skip the others.
I liked, it was spicy, the beans and hot sauce they bring to u for dipping is so so so good, also order their mini chimichangas for appetizer, their margaritas for 2 is good shear with ur company ;-) from their menu i liked the chicken, steak fajitas also the white sand chimichanga its a bomb...
Should have listened to the numerous negative reviews on-line (and there were many) but we trusted Guy from Diners, Drivins & Dives ...BIG MISTAKE. Clue #1 Strip mall with huge cheesy banner boasting "Food Network" endorsement. Clue #2  Self serves sign-in waiting list, apparently, the slimy owner was too busy gushing over customers trying to eat but steering clear of unhappy ones.  Misters and drinking water would have been a nice touch to make the 10-20min 104 degree wait more bearable. The minute we saw the paper table cloths and plastic chairs,cups & utensils we were in trouble. One waiter frantically tried to service the whole restaurant, which was a complete zoo. Now according to Triple D, the pasta was homemade....aaaaaah.....not so much.... Ive been to Italy, I know the difference.  Cut to the chase, $27.00 for two a la carte / appetizer sized entrees.Seems to me, his only goal is cashing in on the TV appearance as quickly as possible with no concern to repeat business...Don't waste your time and money....On a positive note, Guy was right about Matts Big Breakfast in downtown Phoenix, great good and the best costumer service we've ever had.
Uhh...I guess I am the luckiest person to go to 25 Degrees!  I had the Charcuterie with the Chorizo Blanco,  the Soria,  and the coppa for meats and the Red Hawk(only place I've found in the valley who serves Cowgirl Creamery Cheese), the Benedictine and the Crescenza.  All were absolutley delightful and I was thoroughly impressed by the selection.  I also had the spicy tuna on eggplant...fantastic!  I ordered the number 1 which consists of sirloin patty, arugula, thousand island,  bacon, prelibato gorgonzola, and crescenza.  I ordered it Medium rare...get this, it came out MEDIUM RARE.  How lucky am I right?  It was excellent,  better than delux in my opinion.  Along with it I got the half and half of fries and sweet potatoe fries.  To finish,  I had a milkshake...simple and good.
Overpriced mediocre food...save your taste buds and wallet!
Confession: I am an obnoxious asian food snob. I really try to take that into consideration when I rate places. I haven't lived in China or anything, but I really, really love eating chinese food. I also hope to convey to you that I am still American at heart. I hate Panda Express, but I truly, truly worship an excellently prepared orange chicken. Be that as it may, there are instances in which I have to suspend my courtesy toward less-than-perfect food because the product that I received was not only poor quality, but insulting relative to the price I paid. This is the experienced I received ordering from Chopstick express.I ordered Chopstick Express' family special for me, my roommates and an incredibly hungry foodie friend of mine whom happened to be over. Upon reaching an orderer, it was refreshing, though annoying, to be talking to what seemed to be an obnoxious teenager being forced to take orders. Whatever, water off a duck's back. Quack quack. We ordered orange chicken, cashew chicken, and brocoli beef, which came with fried rice and egg rolls. It was supposed to come with crab puffs, but they were not delivered, which I felt was almost an insult.All the food we received was lukewarm at best, cold at worst. It's chinese food. It can hold at nuclear temperatures, and I don't think it snobbish of me to assume that delivery people can afford to invest in a proper traveling method. I must admit, my major problem with this is the fact that it took nearly an hour for the delivery person to get here. Which means assuming that the food left fresh, it spend a half-hour uninsulated. I don't believe I'll get sick from this food, but considering that being served very hot food is clearly the industry standard, it still seems sketch at best, and disgusting at worst.I digress. At any rate,  the food was as follows:Orange Chicken: The pieces of orange chicken were about the size of medium-sized chicken tenders. They were then covered in a weak breading, fried unevenly, and covered in a tolerable orange sauce which was the only saving grace of the dish. It came deeply compacted in a chinese take-out paper box, which was problematic for this dish because the chicken essentially came out in giant clumps. Brocoli beef: Easily the best dish, but only by reason of advantage. The brocoli was tender, though strangely bitter. The beef they chose to use was akin to stew beef, which is the really thick, fatty cut used in crock pots for stews because they have the capacity to cook for ever and ever amen. This resulted in incredibly large, chewy chunks. I gotta admit, Panda owns brocoli beef, and chopstick express could take a few pointers. The sauce was decent enough, yet ultimately forgettable.Cashew chicken: offensive. bland, strange. The sauce seemed to be more like cream of chicken than the savory, peppery sauce to which I am accustomed. I ate maybe two cashews in my share, which is boring. Interesting to note was the presence of noodles in the dish, despite the fact that we were also given rice. And peas. Peas? White rice: Nearly impossible to mess up, and only when exceptional is worthy of meditation. Average rice, though served essentially at room temperature, which dried the rice out.Fried rice: Shocking. In case you read my review, Chopstick Express, please take note: your fried rice sealed my distrust of your food safety practices. Fried rice is cooked fast and hot, but because of the quickness of the cooking, never dries out. This looked burnt. Literally burnt. Or seasoned with something both bland and dark as all holy hell. Fried rice should not appear to be dried out, burnt, and dark as chocolate. Egg rolls: I don't trust these. They were almost cold to the touch.Crab Puffs: not present in my order. THOSE ARE MY FAVORITE. D:Summary: Steer clear away from this place at all costs. The advantage of living so close to Mekong Plaza means not being terribly far away from decent chinese and vietnamese food, and I feel like I have disappointed my tongue by attempting to branch out. If these strange in congruencies aren't addressed by the management of Chopstick Express, I worry that, like what happened with me, they will lose crucial local business and be forced to close. I don't know, maybe it was an off-day. But in my opinion, if something takes an hour to get to my place when the drive is 10 minutes tops, it better sparkle and wow. Chopstick Express, in its disparaging food, disturbing distance from food safety and respectability, and excessive delivery time means that I will never eat from them again.
A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away.... oh wait wrong story! But it does seem like a long time ago that I first read that they were closing my beloved Chez Nous to put up yet another transplant grocery chain. I was bitter to say the least! But as all of the best stories have happy endings, Chez Nous found a new home and F&E happened to be the new guy on the block.I love having an F&E so close to home. They are not perfect, but they are pretty darn close for someone who is single and loves to cook. Yes, you have to watch the dates, but that's mostly because they don't have 54 days worth of back stock - just enough to keep the shelves covered, therefore they are constantly restocking with new items (thus the lovely discount sticker seek and find game that I like to play).And no, I'm not a huge fan of the plastic packaging that fills my recycle bin, but for the convenience of checking out (as noted by arik b.) it makes things --  well... easy.A couple of things I really like about this store:1) The pre-made products - which I don't really use as intended (e.g.: the Wild Mushroom soup isn't exactly my thing, but as a base for gravy, it makes an incredible pot roast!)2) The $5 coupons I get every week. I can easily spend the required $20 on fruits and veggies every week, so why not go for the discount!!3) The "special" shelves up by the door that feature really nice organic herbs that I can add to my garden or flowers to give my table a little color. And watch these, because they discount them to some killer prices!!!The store is always clean and bright, there are generally enough staffers around to provide assistance when needed, and they have pretty decent hours.  What more could you want from your neighborhood grocer?!!
OK, decent beer selection, but no local beer on tap?  Whats with that?Place has a nice ambience but can be rather claustrophobic, service is good somtimes, and absolutley terrible on other occasions. Some of the pasties are not as good as they sound and can be quite dry.  Be careful when ordering.  The original classic pasty is always a good bet. Good yet short happy hour & a creative atlternative to the average corner pub. Could be better, could be 5 stars!
Had some killer sushi for lunch at Stingray today!The Crunchy Spicy Tuna Sushi is totally different than any where I have experienced it.  A well seasoned really combined tuna mixture sits atop a crispy rice rectangular tasty amazing thing!  You must order this...very special.The Spyder Roll was super fresh and a nice big portion.Shrimp Tempera Roll was delicious as well.The atmosphere was fun and the service was speedy and friendly.  There were so many choices that sounded fabulous on the menu and we look forward to going there and experiencing many more items!
Just tried this place for the first time thanks to a Local Dines coupon. Let me tell you, I had read some of the reviews on Yelp before purchasing the coupon, but I did not expect such an awesome experience. Our server was pleasent and knowledgeable, which these days is hard to find. Also, because the bar booths were full we sat in the empty section of the restaurant. i was afraid we would be forgotten about over there, but our server was well aware we were there.  We ordered cheese curds, which were great, for an app and a couple of cheap beers. 2$ on a tuesday night, who woulda thought! Next we ordered the "south of the border burger" w/ onion rings, and the "angry chicken" sandwich with tater tots.  YUM-O!!!  Nothing to complain about, the amount of food served was beyond plenty and the flavor did not leave you anything other than wanting another bite!!!  We will be making this place a regular on our "where should we go to eat" list!
Before I came back to WA I went to Lilibela for diner with daughter and it was a good dining experience for my first time trying Ethiopian food.  I had the spicy chicken and lentils and it was delicious!  Daughter had beef, lentils and vegetables and they were also very good.I highly recommend this restaurant for people that like trying different foods and are willing to experience what the world has to offer, if you don't like spices, curries and different vegetables, this place is not for you.I will go back there as soon as I go back to AZ!
'Berto's in my 'hood! The newest Filiberto's has just opened on the corner of 16th Street and McDowell (what used to be a KFC). We happened to catch them on opening day, and it showed. The cashiers were nice, but a little confused about how to take orders, communicate them to the kitchen, and how to work the cash register. Hubby and I both ended up getting way more food than we actually ordered. Half order of Super Nachos my ass. The Chile Rellenos came as a meal deal, instead of the enchilada we ordered. Hubby felt a little queasy afterward, but it was from the spiciness, he thought. I have since ordered a breakfast burrito through the drive-through on my way to work, and it was just ok. The eggs were overcooked and the cheese not distributed very well. Again, way more than I could eat, but it kept me full 'til dinner. This location is open 24 hours. They accept cash and debit cards, with a 60 cent surcharge. Parking is tight, and slightly scary.
I wish my Phoenix cheesesteak packed more heat considering it was made with green chiles and jalapenos but it was still good and I'd order it again. I'm little disappointed the ranch they serve is store bought. Other than that the sandwich was really good. The bread was heavenly and the meat was superb! Fries were flavorful and crispy. I'd come back if I was in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
Whenever it is my dads pick for dinner we always end up at Charleston's. No matter what he always orders the ribs. He says they are extremely tender and just fall right off the bone.  Before he even eats his ribs, he loves chomping on their delicious buttery croissants. If you don't care about calories, then you must not pass these croissants up. My mom and I usually go for the baked chicken which is always delicious, but they have a wide variety of food to choose from. Whenever we go there we can make reservations and even last minute. Also, the service is always great and they are on top of things.  I have a feeling we will going to Charleston's on Father's Day so he can chow down on his BBQ ribs!
I've been to Texaz grill a few times for their deadly, but pretty darn good chicken fried steak. This past Saturday, I went to grab a bite while my babies got groomed. I sat down at the bar next to a group of bar flies that seemed to be regulars. The conversation was in full swing about politics, which they tried to drag me into but I politely declined and said "I don't discuss politics while trying to digest food."I ordered one of the specials which was a smoked hot link drenched in bbq sauce on a po-boy bun. It was served with coleslaw, but I ordered some Texaz fries with it. The hot link was dry and almost jerky-esque, possibly due to the smoking process, or maybe the links were just old. They were still tasty, and being a girl that is used to smoked meats around the house, I kind of enjoyed eating the semi-dry little discs. I tossed aside the top half of the po boy bun, and just ate the meat with the sauce soaked bottom half of the bun. The sauce was dark, with a smoky sweet flavor. The coleslaw was creamy and the cabbage was finely chopped. The Texaz potatos are chunks of seasoned, and fried potatos. I only ate about 3 or 4 before I was stuffed. As is always the case with Texaz Grill, I wasn't overly delighted, but I wasn't overly disappointed. Texaz Grill is a dive that happens to serve pretty good food! It's nothing fancy, it's nothing sophisticated, but if you're in the mood for meat, or chicken fried steak, head there.
You really can't go wrong with Via De Los Santos, their menu is pretty typical but it's hearty and delicious standard az style mexican fare. I've came Here several times and every time I've left satisfied and without complaint. The Margaritas are tasty, the chimi's are huge and the salsa spicy. The outdoor patio is great just to relax and chat with friends on a balmy night. This is one of my favorite places to swing by and, to quote a yelp hero of mine, ''retox' after a long hike on the slope.
Joined up with some folks here for happy hour before a movie on Thursday.  The spinach/artichoke dip appetizer was great and really could suffice for two of me for a dinner.  The was my first taste of Kiltlifter and I am a fan!The address shows Pima Rd and I spent 15 minutes cruising the parking lot before I figured out it faces Hayden.
Union is very cool in theory. I LOVE Royal coffee, so it is nice that they have a second location here (although somewhat redundant since they already have a location at the Biltmore). The little cafe smelled very good. The stores are cute and the set up is interesting...sort of like a public market or something where there are many small counter businesses or storefronts. My problem with Union is that it claims to be all local because the stores are local stores; However, there are items in some of the stores that are simply bought from corporate companies. For example, I tried on some dresses from the cute little clothing store and overheard the owner talking to some random supplier and saying something along the lines of 'Just bring anything, I don't even care.' The brands are not local and the clothes are not locally made. I think if Union really wants to be a 'local' establishment, the businesses should sell locally made, locally sourced items, otherwise it is just indirectly buying corporate made-in- China items. I know some of the stores have put forth a lot of effort to do this (Queen Creek Olive Mill, Frances, etc), which is appreciated, but as a unit, I think they could do more.
This has become my go-to place to meet people for coffee meetings. I also had a pretty regular Sunday date with my pal to get work done for the last few months. The staff is friendly, and there is solid food available. It is clear that the people who work here are invested in its success, which is a nice thing to feel when you're spending a few hours in a place. They have mac and cheese and other real delicious bites so I don't have to eat a scone (my issue with most coffee shops).
Forget Macayos Mexican Food!  (I hope you already did) Forget what you knew about Tex Mex or other Mexican restaurants, or wannabes!  Take everything you love about Mexican food and make it gourmet with fabulous presentation, and place it just past downtown Scottsdale.  Los Sombreros is hip and fun with a great bar, wonderful tequila, and a nice outside seating area combined with some of best food I have tasted.  I have thoroughly enjoyed myself each time I have been here, and I will always go back.  Everything I have tried has been excellent.  The staff is friendly, and the restaurant is family owned.  This place is always busy, so there may be a bit of a wait, but I swear it will always be worth it!
Lately, I can't seem to get enough of South Asia in my belly. I have my Valley favorites (India Gate in Chandler and The Dhaba in Tempe), but I wanted to give a new joint a go. So I decided to try the rather palatial-looking India Delhi Palace in East Phoenix because I had heard good things about its lunch buffet.  Luckily, my foodie friends aren't liars. I arrived shortly before the lunch rush. I was greeted promptly and politely. I then asked if the buffet had a large selection of vegetarian options, and he actually gave me a brief but thorough tour of the veggie offerings, which, much to my delight, comprised much of the buffet. I promptly filled my plate with aloo matar and daal maharani. But don't worry, omnivores; there were plenty of delicious-looking meat dishes on the slate as well. The food was very tasty, but what makes this place stand up above other Indian buffets was the exceptional, attentive service. A team of servers worked to make sure I received fresh naan with my meal, my water glass was always filled and any questions I had were answered. I don't expect much in the way of help when it comes to buffets, so this was a pleasant surprise. I will definitely be back one of these days to try something from the menu (bengan bhartha, I'm looking at you).
I remember 10 years ago thinking that the Five Guys in Tempe was awesome. I think they had some cache back then for being the only location in Phoenix. The place was always packed with a line out the door. Now they are everywhere. But each location is still always busy. And I just don't get it. Thin greasy patties with no taste whatsoever.  Yes, you can get a bunch of toppings for free but I would rather pay the extra 50¢ or whatever for grilled onions and bbq sauce and get more than five little specs of onion and a teaspoon of sauce. I will say the cajun fries were highly addictive but I did not appreciate having to eat them out of the bottom of the paper bag they were thrown into, even though it wasn't a to-go order. And warning if you get jalepenos on your burger: this is the only topping that they are generous with. Which I would have appreciated if they weren't completely raw.  Not sauteed or grilled, not even pickled in vinegar. Just sliced up raw, complete with the seeds, white membrane, and stem.
Shame on the owners of Haus Murphy's for participating in the sham of a TV show "Mystery Diners!" When the producers promise free publicity, and you so easily lie to the public - that is not a business I will support. The "manager" under scrutiny on the show was an ACTOR - not a relative, and not a manager. The show, the conversations, the issues......all phony. Entertainment is one thing, but. I do not respect this at all!
I met Roxy for wine and pizza Tuesday evening.  I showed up at about 6:20pm and the place was packed!  The place is little, but adds to the charm.  They don't win any interior decorating awards, but it is cute enough.  We sat at a two-top right in between two other two-tops.  We even chatted with our neighbors a bit.  It seemed the others were regulars.  Server Ed was super friendly too.When I arrived, Roxy had already ordered me a glass of wine and a pizza.  So I did not look at their menu.  Doesn't matter though- the pinot grigio was very tasty and on happy hour I believe.  The pizza was very, very delicious.  Great crust and sauce and their version of the Margarita pizza was spot on.  Traditional tomato, basil, and mozzarella, with added pancetta.  it was fabulous. It was a perfect summer dinner for 2 ladies.I'm sure we will be back soon, it's nice to break up the Postino's trips now and then.
I have become a soda snob, and it's Pop the Soda Shops fault.  Sure I could drink regular Dr. Pepper and Mr. Pibb, but why would I want to knowing that Dublin Dr. Pepper and Dr. Dublin exist?Pop carries all sorts of boutique sodas, many with pure cane sugar as the major sweetener.  I used to love Coke, Pepsi, and even Royal Crown, but now I just taste bland high fructose corn water.  Thanks Pop the Soda Shop, for ruining everything.
Wow, this place was a disappointment. A group of us ended up here around 10pm on a Friday night. We were seated pretty quickly. The menu looked good, but was very limited for a tapas place. We ordered a couple bottles of wine and started to order food and the first 2 things we asked for on the menu, they were out of. Really? I mean if you only have a handful of things on the menu, you might want to make sure you don't run out of anything. We finally decided on some plates to share and to say that they were small is an insult to all things small. It would be one thing if it was small and the best thing I had ever eaten, but most of it was mediocre at best. The other thing, there was almost no bread served with dishes. It's tough to sit around, talk and enjoy yourself when the portions are are only a couple of bites. God forbid you actually come here for dinner instead of a snack, you'll drop a hundred bucks a person to get full. If you want a good Spanish inspired meal, skip this place and walk a couple blocks over to The Mission, you'll be glad you did.
I am from NYC and Jersey and this is the best pizza I had in 3 years.... enough said GO!!!!
We met up with some friends for dinner here... keeping an open mind about what to expect.  We're all omnivores, but are always willing to try new things!  This place ended up a mixed bag...Overall, the food is pretty good... but also pretty darned expensive for what you get...Note: We all DID find it pretty comical that a completely vegan restaurant makes all of its food LOOK like animal products (hot dogs, hamburgers, shrimp, chicken - you name it).  If it's really a moral stance... why make it look like you're eating meat?  Shrug.  Must just be a vegan thing we're not hip enough to understand (like the guy at a different table wearing a giant peace symbol on the front of a shirt with Army Sergeant stripes on its sleeves - oh the statement that must somehow make, in his head, that just doesn't come out right in reality).The service is also pretty slow... and the food doesn't come out at once - just makes its way to your table as it gets finished in the kitchen.The desserts, in particular, were pretty magically delicious (fried bananas were out of this world)!Overall...... it was just okay......Good food... great desserts... weird deli seating and vibe... high prices... slow service...... just okay...I think the other couple, we were with, liked it more than my wife and I... but I'm not going to run back, anytime soon, to pay 8 bucks for 6 small pieces of soy protein shaped like shrimp, covered in sauce and placed on a little scoop of rice.  That's just paying extra to still be hungry again in 2 hours (which we all were)......
I almost felt underdressed walking into the Mesa location of one of my very favorite eateries. Being used the to hot, crowded, loud Tempe location, hubski and I showed up in our jeans and ratty we-were-thinking-about-going-to-bed-but-decided-to-go-Cornish-style-instead shirts.In this location, the owners had a little- ok a lot- more space to be creative. The seats are church pews. There are candles in wine bottles. I won't ruin everything for you, but just look closely at the tables.Although the space is larger, the decor helps to maintain the cozy comfortable quality we love about Cornish-Tempe.I ordered the Spicy Asiago Chicken- veggie style. Hubski got the veggie tikka masala. They were both delicious, as always. We went back with a friend a couple of nights later and ordered the caramel apple pasty and the banoffee pie. They were out of bananas so they substituted strawberries. It was tasty, but bananas really belong to that confection. The apple caramel pasty was PMS-licious!We love this place and we'll be back soon... maybe tonight!Oh- and a shoutout to Lindsay B.- no trans fats in sight!
Knocking a star off for you Rokerij. Believe me, this hurts me more than it hurts you. I visited last Sunday and our service was friendly, but it didn't make up for the poor delivery of food and the problem with solving issues that we had. I have only had the small plates from Rokerij. This trip I decided to try some of their "New Mexican" offerings.  My appetizer order, which was specifically stated to be an appetizer, not an entree came with my entree. Considering the appetizer did not even have to be cooked (steak tartare), that's unacceptable. When I commented on it I got a "Ugh, I know, right?" Um...really? My entree which was the Rokerij sampler was meh. The best part of the dish was the benedict. The enchiladas were bland and plain old mush.  I had dinner with my best friend Amber, and my good friend Ayesha. Ayesha had me sample her enchiladas as she has specifically asked that she not be served pork. I bit into a bite of pork enchilada off of Ayesha's plate. When the waiter was flagged down, he said "Hm, not sure what to do about this." Really?? Luckily, before I went off like a powder keg, he offered to remake them. He didn't comp anything for the obvious mistakes that were made. I hope he realized that there were some boo-boos made when he saw his tip was so small. I hope to give back the star I just took away, but they're going to have to wow me to do that. It's too bad that this trip was so disappointing.
J Alexander's has an upscale feel to it, similar to Houstin's but not as "posh" as the Capital Grille. It's New American cuisine all the way.  Five stars for decor and service. There's a glitzy wine cellar and a full bar.  The food is what you'd expect out of a place like this.  It's good, but it wasn't the best meal I'd ever had.  I felt that my dish wasn't made specifically for my order--they cranked them out so fast that I had the impression that the kitchen was more of an assembly line.  On the plus side, we were starving and having food within two minutes was definitely pleasing.   The grilled chicken salad was tasty, but it was overwhelmed with tortilla strips. The spaghetti squash side could've used more marinara sauce, but it was a pleaser.  Then again, who spaghetti squash is pretty hard to screw up.  There seemed to be a lack of communication between servers. Everyone's job included delivering and whisking dishes away, sometimes before we had fully finished the plate.  At one point, a Thai chicken salad was placed in front of me.  After telling the waitress that I definitely did not order this salad, it was taken away to another table.  Hmmmm....It could've been a more "personalized" experience; I was expecting to be blown away by this place.  Meh, I could come back.
Quick attentive bartenders. NoConvenient parking. NoPatrons above the age of 24. NoHot waitresses. No.Slow Waitresses. Yes.Everlasting brodeo. Yes.Dirty Bathrooms. Yes.Douchebaggery all around. Yes.Unfresh oysters. Yes. $3 kiltlifter. Yes.Asshole cops that follow you home afterwards. Yes.I decided that I pretty much hate this place. Sorry, I just do.
This update is not because I went back to Rosie's, but to share the comment I received from my server. I really think it's in poor taste she felt the need to contact me and makes me NEVER want to give business to Rosie's ever again.In my review I relayed the events as they happened, I'm not going to sugar coat it. I still think the cost of my friends drinks should not have been charged to me and it's not that my friends are "unreliable dining compainions", it was not their fault their drinks were not charged to them and they didn't notice. The server is the one who rang up the order and made the mistake, she should own up to it, not blame my friends or get pissy with me.It's really too bad that I don't want to give my business to Rosie's because I really do like it there and I really wasn't that upset with the server, just the situation. I still stand by the fact the drinks wrongfully charged to me should not have been my responsiblity. Doesn't matter if the drinks belonged to my friends, I shouldn't have had to pay for the mistake the server made. Here is her comment:I was your server that evening and do not appreciate that you feel servers should have to pay out of our own pockets for your friends mistakes.  We seperate checks to make things more convienent for you.  Most places do not allow split checks.  I am sorry your friends skipped out on their portion of the tab.  Maybe you should find more reliable dining companions. As for the one beer on your tab, that indeed was my mistake and if my memory serves me correctly, i quickly and kindly apologized for MY mistake and swiftly removed it from your tab without any friction. Can't wait to see you again soon.  Rosie's always tries to give a good experience to it's customers.
My inner-nerd was excited to hear about NTN Buzztime and team trivia so I was stoked to come down and try this place out.  I wasn't stoked, however, to learn that NTN and team trivia were two different things.  And I wasn't stoked to wait 10 minutes for our server to wipe down our sticky table.Regardless, this place's parking lot was packed and the bar was buzzing with Thursday night football and baseball fans drinking down pitchers and pints.  Aside from the pool table and shuffleboard, as if that alone wasn't awesome enough - they have FOOZBALL too!!The food and service was pretty average. I ordered a grilled chicken and ortega chile  sandwich with Monterey jack cheese.  It tasted pretty bland - I ate only half, which if you know me, means it must have been pretty blah.  The fries were the zesty seasoned variety - probably frozen, but were still pretty good.  Rum and cokes here were standard as well.  Glasses were shorter than expected, but neither too weak, nor too strong. Now to the trivia.  It's team driven and can go kind of slow.  So the bigger the group at the table, the more brainpower (but also, the more likely for differing answers and arguments).  For my friend and I, who thought we were at a disadvantage - we coasted to 3rd place (out of 10).  Not too bad, and we won a gift certificate back to Hazelwoods.  I'll use it someday I'm sure.  Like when I'm in the neighborhood or something.  Not in a big rush. P.S.  It was Grover who was on the cover of Sesame Street Fever, in case you're wondering.EDIT: 11/07Ok, I'm downgrading to a one-star review, which is for the understaffed Saturday when I went to watch Big-Ten football and have some lunch with a gift certificate.  One server to about 30 people in the entire restaurant portion.  To add insult to injury, I paid with a $10 GC and left a $2 tip for an $8 lunch and the server chased me out when I left and couldn't wait any longer.  Service was so slow and the attitude of the server toward me in the parking lot was uncalled for.
With several Middle Eastern friends, I get a little picky because I get homemade food. Byblos was recommended to my boyfriend and me by a gentleman in Changing Hands who overheard me saying I missed our friend's hummus (they moved back to Israel), so we decided to check it out, and we were so happy we did!The older gentleman who served us had a lovely accent and demeanor, and he was very helpful with choosing appetizers and entrees. The decore is a little sparse I suppose, but the food makes up for it. We had the hummus and shish-kabobs that were delicious. The hummus was as close as we've found to our Israeli friend's, so needless to say that would have been enough to captivate our senses.We will definitely be going back!
A group of 18, and as the lunch group staggered in intervals, the 2 waitresses could not be nicer or accommodating (even up to splitting checks, wow). I took the concensus, most everyone really enjoyed the offerings from the $11.50 4 course set menu... some freaked out over the pandan green sauce over the crispy bananas, obviously rubes not familiar w/ SE Asian flavors... I bet they were expecting Hershey's choc sauce.  :D
Have you tried their  banana coconut cream pie???? Get your butt over there and get it. There was even a layer of chocolate in there !! That is insane ....it was insane and only $6. Go get it right now.
My husband and I are vegan, and we love this place because it's only a few blocks away from our house and one of the best Thai places I've ever been too. Several of the vegetarian options are also vegan, or can be made that way. Our favorites are the red curry with tofu and the flaming coconut soup. There are always plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day, and the owners are very friendly.
Strong drinksss.  I walked over here with some other folks from the Restaurant Leadership Conference next door.  Tommy Bahama was actually our second choice, we couldn't get in at the first spot.We managed to snag seat in the upstairs bar area.  Service was fast and friendly throughout the meal.We shared an appetizer of Big Island Goat Cheese which was coated in macadamia nut pieces and served with strips of thin, crunchy flat bread.  It was pretty good.I had a bowl of lobster bisque which was also very tasty.  It could have used more lobster, but still, very good.I had one cocktail, the kumquat.  I don't recall what was in it other than a 5th of some sort of alcohol.  What sold me on the drink was the house made sours.  Very good drink, good size and I would say two will knock you on your ass, one gets you half way there.  At $13 it's a pricey drink though.3.75 stars, a strong showing for me, an anti-chain kind of guy.
Bar Smith, a sleek and urban find in downtown Phoenix is fabulana. Reminds me of many a haunts you'd find me (drooling and slouched over the bar) in Manhattan. First time there we sat at the bar with a friendly, yet overly informational, bartender. He basically revealed who on the staff had been fired and why (oh my, drug use you say...unheard of in the restaurant business!), how the owners don't pay well...blah blah blah. He was however helpful and knowledgeable with the menu. John had a burger that was meaty and juicy (like his first girlfriend in middle school back in Jersey he says), Monika had a chicken sandwich while I was daring and had a fish (I believe cat) sandwich. Mine was great, I would skip the cheese next time as it takes over the mildness of said fish. We enjoyed an app of sausage fondue....scarey good. So good you don't care if your friend says there's a string of cheese dangling from your lip to nipple, you just want to keep on eating. Second time we all went, I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and that was very flavorful and tender. A/C wasn't always up to speed and I found myself dabbling my brow quite a bit. How positively unseemly!! But seriously, a great, great place...ya'll should head down there tonight!
This place is pretty neat... as a venue, it's got potential. There are a lot of vantage points to catch the show from. It's a great nook and cranny bar. The food is kinda greasy, but decent for bar food. The drinks are reasonably priced. The pool table area is well kept.I have yet to have a really great time here. I think if they could land some really good bands here (read: bands I give a crap about), then it would be a different story. As others have pointed out - it's a little divey, but it's also pretty nice. I'm actually surprised I hadn't reviewed this sooner. Fun Fact: this is sometimes a hangout for off-duty strippers... whatever that means to you.
The food was good - brisket and ribs and mac and cheese.  Good sangria too.  But it is over priced for BBQ, but it is an interesting twist in that is it a little bit BBQ and Mexican - maybe the restaurant  still finding its way.Service was good, but due to pricing, we will not have it on our list of must go backs
Just stopped in for my first bagel from The Bagel Man...WOW! I'm confident in saying this was the best bagel I've ever had. I had the everything bagel, toasted, with their scallion cream cheese on the side. First of all, they put toppings on both sides of the bagel, which is awesome! No more debating which half of the bagel to eat first (I'm looking at you, Einsteins everything bagel!) Second, the bagel was perfectly baked, slightly crunchy outside, moist and chewy inside. And the scallion cream cheese was the icing in the delicious bagel cake. I also spoke to the extremely friendly owner, and I'm so glad to hear that business is going well for him. The only trouble with this place is it's very close to my office, and I'm afraid of all the money I'm going to be spending here!
Finally, a Southeast Asian food pulse around CenPho. When I first moved here, one of the things I noticed was how few choices there were when it comes to Asian cuisine. So nice to see something a little less common like Cambodian food get represented. The spring rolls are a must. For $2, you get a very heavily stuffed roll of rice paper touting chicken, shrimp, cilantro, carrots, etc. The beef salad is also a winner. The seafood soup is flavorful and just might literally nourish the soul. The sandwiches with the pork pate are a great lunch choice. One day, I got one plus a roll to go--all under $6. Of the desserts, everyone should try the sweet and salty corn at least once. The tapioca is my favorite. Light and warm. The best part about eating here is knowing that your money is going toward a very genuine and kind Cambodian family. I have spoken with the chef/owner's son every time I go in. A real sweet guy who will demonstrate how to play the xylophone-esque instrument that is the centerpiece of the main dining room. Speaking of, I love all the touches of decor i.e. travel books on Cambodia at every table. I really, really hope this place does not go the way of some mom-and-pop operations in Phoenix that had really great things to offer. I've been disturbed by the lack of customers I've seen a few times. I want this restaurant to really succeed. I don't want the lines out the door (otherwise I can't get in. ;P) but I want to see a steady stream of patrons. This place really has a chance to be a good-size fish in a big pond. It doesn't fit a cookie-cutter mold and it's got a fantastic bill of fare to show off.
Fucking GREAT pizza!  This place rivals Cibo for my favorite pizza in town.  I had a cheese and peperoni pie.  The peperoni was spicy but not over riding so. That sauce was very fruity, the crust perfectly crispy yet soft and flexible.   Wow.The restaurant is very small and tucked into a dirty little strip mall but the inside is nice.  If you love pizza I think you'll LOVE this place.  YUM!
I have never been a huge fan of Mediterranean food, but I am officially converted!! Let me start by saying the Gyro house has the best chicken gyro I've ever had!I would definitely agree with the other reviewers that aesthetically, this place is not something to look at. It's located in a small strip mall and the restaurant itself is not the fanciest. However, it definitely has character. It looks like your run-of-the-mill small, local business. The owner was in the store when I went in, and he was super friendly and I received great customer service.Now for the good part... the food! I ordered a chicken gyro with french fries. Both were delish! The chicken was very tender and was served on the fluffiest pita bread I've ever tasted. It was topped with lettuce, tomato, red onion (which I picked off), and tzaziki sauce. I paid about $7.50 for my meal, and it was definitely worth every penny. If you're a fan of a great gyro, this is the place for you!
What a disappointment!  After such glowing Yelps, maybe I was expecting too much.  I have to qualify the review by saying that the only thing we ordered from the regular menu was gyoza.  Those were fair, but could have passed for the frozen kind you get from the Asian grocery and pan fry yourself.As for the sushi: both rolls and nigiri were covered with a thick layer of scallions.  If the quality of the fish it good, there's really no need for embellishment.  The fish itself didn't taste fishy or old, but it lacked any flavor at all, subtle or otherwise.  It had a high water content that made it seem like it might have been (gasp) recently defrosted.  This was backed up by the temperature...much too cold.  The sushi rice (yes, it makes a big difference) was a dense and glutinous mass.  You shouldn't have to chew rice that long to get it down your throat.  I gave two stars: one because it wasn't that there was anything  there to actually make you sick; it just wasn't what sushi is supposed to be, never mind what it can be when done right.  And two because the atmosphere was neighborhoody and casual, not trendy.  the waitstaff was really friendly, so much so we tried to justify the place to each other at first (a la maybe they were having a bad day, or maybe the next piece of sushi will be better) but no luck. The search continues.
Cowboy Ciao.  What a sickeningly cute name.  Now I wish I had more to yelp about with you than a quickie business dinner with my boss, but that's all I've got.  Still, I'm gonna review it because I doubt I'll be back.  No, no, don't read that as a criticism; given the opportunity, I'd gladly return.  However, since I so infrequently make it to Phoenix (as in "never"), I doubt I'll be back.Nevertheless, I was happy with my brief interlude.  We didn't have reservations, but would've been happy eating at the bar.  However, in a strange twist only a weekday night would bring, the bar was full, but they had plenty of tables.  Table it is!  I ordered the mini-mushroom mix and the porkbelly sliders.  It was all very, very good.  In fact, I wanted very much to have more than the two sliders they served, but in retrospect, that's probably a good amount of fried up pig for most people.  Though the mushroom mix gets more hype, the pork won the night.Service was friendly and competent, even though we didn't stick around long enough to really enjoy it.  But they called a cab for us, the cab arrived quickly and we headed back to the hotel.  In all, four solid stars.  Had we stayed longer or I had another crack at you guys, I'm sure five stars wouldn't be too far off.  BTW, thanks to ex-Phoenician, current Yelper Robert M. for pointing me in this direction.
I really like this restaurant. I recommend it to everyone.                                                    We have always had a wonderful time here. Valet parking for starters.                           The Staff is incredible always so helpful and you really enjoy them when you are there.  Kyle was our server this time and he told us about half price bottles of wine on Wednesday.  What a great deal!!!                                                                                     The whole layout of the restaurant is beautiful!!!                                                             The food is so good.       They have some really wonderful and unique dishes.            I can't wait to go back again. It is located on Central and Van Buren beneath the Westin Hotel.  You have to go, you will love!!
11/17/10And yet, another WBC update- this time it's regarding the "Thanksgiving" sandwich, which was basically oven-roasted turkey, sage stuffing, and cranberry jam on delicious whole-grain bread.  Had the opportunity to try bite-sized samples at a Yelp event a few days before this visit and enjoyed it so much, I had to have a full sandwich soon after!  Well, OK, so I shared the other half w/ a petite cousin of mine-- she absolutely loved it! We swore that the next time, we'd get our own Thanksgiving sandwiches.  No sharing!12/23/10Doing last-minute Christmas shopping FOR MYSELF, I soon felt hunger pangs and WBC was calling my name!  (It's so nice to know that I can always count on WBC for a tasty meal for those times I don't feel like hauling across the valley in search for good eats!)  The aromas that permeated the air as I approached its warm and intimate setting told me that I made the right decision to eat here.  I quickly peruse the menu, thinking I'd have the Butternut squash ravioli that appeared in so many OYEs this year, but lo!  What do I see?  WBC's added a few new sandwiches, and one hot option jumped at me, and its name was "Braised Beef," ($7.99).  I'll try that one, please!The braised beef was TOPPED w/ rosemary-gorgonzola mashed potatoes, served on a grilled ciabatta roll, and accompanied w/ au jus and horseradish sauce, w/ a side of both regular and sweet potato chips.  Let me tell you, the beef and mashed potato combo was incredible!  I ate the whole sandwich!  (Well, all of the beef and potatoes and half of the ciabatta roll.  Gotta keep a svelte figure, y'know?  LOL.)  I'm going to have to order this again the next time I visit!
First of all, Johnny Chu should be ashamed to call himself a chef. He is barely a line cook. As stated in previous reviews, he doesn't even taste his own food (which accounts for the wide margin of variety a single dish may have on two different visits).So, I made reservations, thinking I may be able to sit at the bar because I arrived 10 minutes early. Wrong. I was ordered to wait outside. Nearly 45 minutes later, and a drink at the bar next door, I inquired about my table. The girl didn't even look up at me to acknowledge I had said anything. After a minute or so of staring at her while she continued to ignore me, she finally said my table was ready. Hmm.The food is horrible. I fear those of you who enjoy it, rather enjoy the "atmosphere" and come here to be seen. The food is either completely bland (e.g., my curry, which tasted of water with a slight hint of something I couldn't even recognize) or so hot as to mask any possible flavor. By calling themselves "authentic Asian" cuisine is just silly. There are so many hole-in-the-wall Asian restaurants that could cook Chu under the table blindfolded.So, the rude, nonexistent service, the insanely overpriced food, and to be seen is what you're paying for. If you enjoy being treated like shit and fed food that I wouldn't feed in a troth for pigs--you may enjoy this place and good for you!
This concept is a hum ding-er in my book. Where can you go to sit down and immediately grab something rolling by on a conveyor belt and star eating? HERE! Plates start at $1.50 for your basic California crunchy roll to $5 for a bit exotic type rolls. I ate there twice in one week, so I can say it works for me for a quick, fun place to eat on the fly. Is there better sushi elsewhere? Of course, but the experience and food is still quite good. The wait staff is very friendly as well.
After all the hype I had heard about this place I was really expecting something special. What I got instead was above average but failing to live up to the hype.Tried both the house special (pretty much a supreme pizza) and the philosophers pie. The special was good and the ingredients fresh. The crust was awesome on both. It was the philosophers that was the let down. It just didn't seem to work and the feta was just too strong.The service however was great and they have a solid draft beer list as well. I will probably come back but this isn't a must stop for me.
I finally got to try hey Joe and man am I happier than Charlie Sheen in Hooters! The menu is pretty short, but does the trick. They have multiple skewers like pork and chicken, lumpia, rie and a few other things. For the adventurous eater, they have "Adidas" (grilled chicken feet), Chicken Ass and Balut. We did the large combo that came with three pork skewers, 1 chicken skewer, 2 of the grilled chicken feet , 2 lumpia, rice and a green papaya salad. I also threw in an extra buck for the Chicken Ass. I have to say the Chicken Ass was to die for! it's pretty much like the little turkey tail, but has a small bone in the middle. All the skewers were good, I liked the chicken the best. I was also a fan of the chicken feet. The skin was perfectly crisp and the glaze was good. Overall the meal cost us 11 bucks, but my wife and daughter split it with me so it was perfect. I wasn't adventurous enough to try the balut, but I did toss em 5 bones for a young coconut to drink, which was great. Overall super happy I got to try this truck, I'll be hunting it down in the near future for sure!
100 flavors of milkshakes. And I didn't try one. I got the cherry "shaker" soda instead. I'm still kicking myself for it. This place is a dream for the control freak. It's also a nightmare for the indecisive. You get to choose how big you want your burger, what kind of cheese and what toppings you want (and there are lots!)...plus all the damn milkshake flavors. After taking about 20 minutes to decide what I wanted, I settled upon the "semi-serious" burger with cheddar. My counterpart and I shared a basket of "frings" which were fantastically greasy. My only complaint: the bottom half of my hamburger bun was paper thin, while the top was practically an entire loaf of bread. You get more than three toppings and you get one messy basket. Just put the top bun on the bottom as well, I say!I adored the glasses made out of jelly jars, apparently that's how they do it down south as we were schooled by our Missouri-born waiter. I myself never considered Missouri to be part of the south but...to each his own.I'm looking forward to fattening myself up on many of their shakes in the future!
Wine service here was attentive, and table service was just as accommodating with our wishy washy group.  I was shocked, especially considering the pampered-poodleness of my friend Maya and the rest of us wanting the coveted sofa section near the dramatic giant mirror -- which we did indeed score later on at this neighborhoody bar.You can't go wrong with the $8 La Playa Chilean chardonnay, and so agreed my Chilean girlfriend from Surprise. A Quilmes lager bottle at $6 is a bit more than I'm used to, but given it isn't served very many places is worth the trouble.Bomberos is way north of Downtown in Sunnyslope, but is well worth the drive.  The coziness of the smallish (former fire dept) main room and the extent of the spacious outdoor patio (especially on Wednesdays) is excellent when they have a Brazilian jazz DJ.
Looking for an incredible steakhouse in AZ and not concerned about the damage you'll do to your wallet?  City Hall is the way to go!I've been to City Hall more than a handful of times through the years as well as it's sister concepts: Ocean Club and Mastro's in North Scottsdale.  You cannot go wrong with any of them.  I just happen to prefer City Hall because of the convenient location to where I live and work!I've been to meet a friend or two for happy hour at the bar, I've been for a bachelorette party, and I often go for celebratory date nights with my husband... as we did on this past Wednesday evening to celebrate my birthday!  If you're up for a bit of a scene, some live music and great people watching, I highly recommend sitting in the bar.Let me reiterate: this is a high end steakhouse.  Expect to valet your car and bring cash for the bathroom attendant as well.  But you get what you pay for.  Service is top notch and the food is the best quality I've found in the state and beyond.Starting with drinks, there are plenty to choose from.  I am a dirty martini girl and they make a mean one here.  It's actually two for the price of one, since they bring you the entire shaker and refill it when necessary.  Awesome wine list as well.In addition to the complimentary bread bowl which comes with my favorite pretzel rolls in town, my fave appetizers are their oysters, calamari, and seafood tower if you're with a group.Next up, I am a huge proponent of the Mastro's House Salad.  Tip: it's large, so my recommendation is to share it with someone.  If not, you could easily make a meal of the salad, the bread bowl, and a drink!And for the main course, if you're going with steak, go for the Bone-In Ribeye, and if you're more in the mood for fish, I say Chilean Seabass all the way... you can split either of these also.  Both arrive on Mastro's signature hot plates, and they've always been cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Pair 'em with your favorite sides - you really can't go wrong here although my top picks would be sweet potato fries, creamed spinach, steamed broccoli, and grilled asparagus.  I've never heard anyone complain about the signature lobster mashed potatoes either.By now, you're definitely full, but keep drinking or hanging out digesting until you make room for dessert.  Don't miss the Mastro's Signature Warm Butter Cake.  Thank me later!  You can't go wrong with the Key Lime Pie or Cheesecake either, but again, that butter cake is to die for!On my recent birthday visit, I enjoyed many of the items mentioned above except for the dirty martini and oysters... I'm prego at the moment, so sadly, I had to pass on both.  But after this baby comes, I can't wait to go back for another incredible meal.  Who wants to join me?!
Houston's, but with a less extensive menu...that's what people say about this place.And they are right...to an extent...so that probably explains why I actually like the place:)The Beautiful Carin and I wandered over for dinner the other evening (as you can see, I am a little bit behind on writing my little review-like stories:)We have been a number of times over the years because when you live in Old Town Scottsdale, Bandera is:* Close* Pretty Decent Food* Close* Pretty Good Martinis* CloseWe generally go to Bandera in the summer and fall when the crowds are gone and they seem almost pathetically happy to see us walk through the door:)I do enjoy the corn bread...like corny, bready candy:)And the martini's are big and chock full of vitamin V (and priced somewhat less than the marti's at AZ88:)The food has always been good, the short ribs, the rotisserie chicken, the prime rib...you know, just good, solid, all-american fare:)Bandera is probably nothing you'd go out of your way for, and certainly nothing that I would queue up for a 90 minute wait for (during the winter months), but worth the stroll over this time of year:)So, if you're in Old Town and looking for corn bread, braised short ribs and an ice cold vodka marti, stop in and see the folks at Houstera...I mean Bandston's...oh, you know what I mean:
Was really hoping to find an alternative to my favorite chicken place as I suffer intense guilt every time I go there due to the fact that our "family values" are not aligned. Unfortunately, Raising Cane was not the answer.There is not a single "healthy" way to order -- seriously, you can't put something GREEN on the menu? Say, a few strips on a bed of lettuce, as an option? It's chicken strips, fries, bread and slaw (optional). Period. The only question is a matter of specific quantities. The chicken was good, but not "as" good and there is ONE type of sauce for dipping, and I do not care for it.  So, I tried but it looks like I'll still be battling my conscience next time I'm craving a chicken sandwich.
Heres the thing, I love thier coffee but not when they make it. I used to hate this place till a friend gave me a free bag. When I made it like a normal human does it is the best coffee I have ever had. 1 tblspn of coffee grinds to 1 cup coffee, best way. The actualy instruct you to use almost double. Pikes placeis the freshest coffee ever. It comes from the plant to the store in a garunteed 14 days. It is way fresher than the rest and very very good when you make it.I give them 3 stars because, while they put such care and standard into thier coffee, they carlessly poison you with the pastries. They get them from a local vendor. Its loaded with trans fat and saturated fat the light scones have around 1300 calories in one. When they place the nutrition facts on the sign with the name of the pastery or make them with real oil, they will earn those 2 stars back from me.
I have been to My Wine Cellar a few times since the change in ownership and I have to say I'm still not sure what to think. I love the idea of a cozy wine bar just a few blocks from my house and that is what this place seems to be. I walk in and the atmosphere is quite cozy and even though there is not a huge crowd of people. The bar is usually full enough and everyone is chatting and appears to be having a good time. Even though the staff is welcoming, I still get this feeling like I'm an "outsider" and not quite a "regular" yet. Can't really place my finger on why.The happy hour prices and selection for beer and wine are fantastic! Full price would be a little more than I would like to spend, but then again I love a good deal so anything "full price" just seems like I'm missing out. We used Living Social coupon a few days before the expiration and were a little bummed that the coupon wasn't good for the happy hour prices. I know this is somewhat typical, however that just makes the restaurants that DO allow the coupons during happy stand out that much more!In the time that I have had food (after the ownership change and before), I think it is obvious this place is all about the wine and the food is an afterthought. Nothing wrong with that. I think it is necessary to offer food if you want people to stay and drink a while; we've got to have something to snack on! Bruschettas, thin and crispy pizzas, and salads all with great descriptions on the menu, but the execution leave a little to be desired. Some of the appetizers taste like I could have just gone to Trader Joe's or Costco and purchased the same thing myself.I promise I am not trying to make this sound bad, I will go back to the wine cellar when I want to relax (but not at home, but not too far away either) with a good glass of wine and a calm, cozy atmosphere. I do like to go there, but I think I like the idea more than the reality. It seems as if there is some unrealized potential at the wine cellar, or maybe that is just the optimist in me. The lesson here is that I will be sure to go during the "happy" hours and I won't go when I'm hungry.
This is what locally owned business is all about - in this case, an inspired husband-wife team.You never know what cold micro brews will be available sourced across the globe - from day to day and from hour to hour. A keg finishes, they hook up a new keg and change the chalkboard listing. Always a surprise - a delightful, delicious surprise.And the pub grub - best I've ever had anywhere. Full of surprises from a chef bursting with ideas. Fried egg to top off a flatbread pizza, pecan pie pop tarts, wild game sausage with condiments made in house daily ... perfect complements to the delicious offerings on tap.Downtown might need to be a place to live - people might not want to drive home after sampling the riches on the streets down here!
After our week in Page, we spent a few nights in Sun City with my Mom and Grandma. Since we were there in summer (which is a rarity for me) I was able to talk Grandma into going somewhere besides the Elephant Bar and a place without having a coupon! As luck would have it, she suggested Skye saying it was a wonderful place and she knew we would enjoy it as an early birthday celebration for my husband. Man oh man was this a great restaurant. Actually it seems like it is half restaurant, half night club and with our 5:30 reservation (yes, this was a "late" dinner for my Grandma), we of course only spent time in the actual restaurant. We were a party of 6 and 4 of us had a cocktail to start. My cosmo was one of the "specials" and was nice and strong for only $6.00. It was the most creative cosmo I have had as it came with a little dry ice in it. Grandma was very happy with her martini and well, no one said much as we drank and perused the menu whilst nibbling on a really good and creative bread basket. My husband and I shared mostly everything and others on the table traded bites. We started with both the Caesar salad and lobster bisque. I was highly impressed with both. The Caesar had homemade croutons and dressing and were very tasty and the lobster bisque was heavenly-not too rich and full of real lobster (even in Arizona!). My daughter had a specialty salad with Gorgonzola and strawberries and loved every morsel. Since I don't eat stinky cheese, I cannot attest to the taste but she keeps talking about the salad. For our entree, Kevin and I shared a bone-in ribeye. This was what 3 of the six(4 if you count me) ordered. My mom had the fish special which was melt in your mouth to die for and my daughter had the filet. The sides are huge and are meant for sharing (like Fleming's or Ruth Chris), so 5 of us shared baked potatoes and mushrooms while the last of our party had the twice baked that no one else got to taste (must have been good).Our steak was incredible and rivals with my memories of Durant's. I savored every cholesterol increasing bite. My Grandma enjoyed hers so much she looked over to me and thanked me for insisting we go somewhere different.Unbeknownst to me, 2 desserts were brought out with candles to celebrate the upcoming birthday of my husband and other part of our party. The desserts were delicious and beautifully presented and since they were "on the house", my Grandma was pleased. I am coming back to the Phoenix area at the end of the month for a couple of nights and am already angling for a reason to come back to Skye...I loved it, I really loved it!
Either I was only given half a menu, or there is extremely limited choices for food selections?  (yes, the goat cheese appie, the only teaser on the menu other than a type of glorified French fry, was good).  The wine list was also small - 5 whites by the glass, a few more reds.  The (back bacon?) sandwhich I shared was very greasy & oily - ick.We were invited to a Devoured Kick-Off event in which we were told we would be involved with 9 bartenders from different establishments who were going to make their concoctions, and that we would be able to try them all.  We were told to sit outside, even though we were early and there was available seating at the bar.  Well, unless you were seated directly at the tiny bar - about 5 or 6 seats on either side - there was no chance for any tastings, as anyone seated there got them all to themselves.  After a few pours, we indicated there seemed to be a situation and were told that no problem: continue sitting outside and they will soon be passing them around.  Didn't happen.  After about  1/2 way through, we realized we would not be partaking of any libations.  We indicated our displeasure, a refund was given, but we were definitely & hugely disappointed.  {We had about 3 other events we had been invited to on this same night, 1 being a free preview screening of a new movie, the other was a new restaurant much closer to home}, and needless to say we were bummed at missing out on better opportunities we had turned down.  Driving all the way here for what?  (Oh, any bar service was, of course, taking forever since it was full of bartenders for the event, so waiting for drinks in any way sucked all around).I should point out that the manager very chivalrously proffered 2 signature Lemonade Cocktails upon overhearing our disappointing dilemma regarding the Martini Tastings.I guess all was not lost, since Halo was across the street & I had been wanting to pop in there for a new custom jewelry piece for a piercing.  Overall, I seriously doubt I'd be back, considering how far from home this is, and all the other many alternates we passed on the way getting there.  But I would be ok with recommending it to someone who either lives nearby, driving past there anyhow, had something else to do in the area.  It is certainly an establishment which seems to be shiny and new in an area which is tired and drab.  Seems to be out of place where it is.  Would I go if it was located in say, Old Town?  maybe I'd give it 6 months before I thought about that. but maybe...
Had lunch here last week with Rand H and Mike C.  I love the building and the grounds, the building was just like being in someone's house.  The staff was friendly and service was excellent.  But the food?  Not so much.  I had a Cobb salad; the field greens did not seem all that fresh, some pieces were soggy and looked old.  Instead of being topped with fresh chicken, there were cut of pieces of deli turkey, you know the chopped pressed and formed deli turkey.  The balsamic dressing was very good.  For $9.25 for a salad I was expecting so much better.What I did love was the bread pudding.  Caramel sauce, apples and topped with real whipped cream, but at $5.50 just a little on the pricey side even for the very large portion.  I might stop in again if I was in the area for bread pudding and coffee, but nothing seemed interesting enough for a return visit.
I'm somewhat new to Arizona, so when relatives from out of town said they had heard of this place on the Food Network and knew what they needed to do to get in, I figured why not?We get off work and head over to meet them at 5:00, when the place opens. There is a small valet lot (full) and a public parking garage ($12.00) which the restaurant will validate (only $9.00, though, you still have to cough up $3.00). Our dinner companions already had a table inside which was great because there was a huge crowd outside. Inside, the restaurant is teeny-tiny, with maybe six tables that seat four or more, a few tables that seat two, and a bar area where people can eat. The bathrooms are one-at-a-time only and the ladies' toilet did not flush properly. I scanned the menu and quickly realized that they serve pizza and some salads - that's it. So if you have any dietary restrictions you're pretty much f*cked. While we are waiting for our food to arrive my dining companions inform me that they showed up at 3:00 to secure a table. THREE?!??! and they WEREN'T the first in line either! WHAT? Bread comes and it is homemade and delicious, with a crispy-outside, spongy-inside thing going on, and the inside was the best - soft and delicious with huge swiss-cheese-like bubbles (don't know how else to so eloquently put it). Then drink refills come. No one else is being served (so they fire up these orders TO order, not bad, okay). I didn't have salad but they looked pretty good - buffalo mozarella and fresh basil, huge slices of tomato for the caprese. Kalamatas on the baby greens salad. Pizza comes out, finally! $12 each for personal-sized pizzas with thin crust. The four-cheese was great; you can really taste the separate flavors of the cheeses. Arugula on top. A couple of the pizzas had salami or sausage on them. Too salty (and I LOVE salt so yeah, that's saying a lot if even I am critical on that point). One pizza's crust was not burned but charred black on half of it. But it's food so it can't be perfect every time now can it. A table of two finished/paid/left. They were the first people to finish from the first wave of customers and it was after 6:00 pm when this happened, and there was still a shitload of people outside. Meaning that if you don't line up at 3:00 to get in at 5:00, the soonest you can be seated is after 6:00 (and that's likely if you showed up between 3:30 and 4:00 for a table). Here's where it gets tricky - we paid, but were finishing our drinks. We were NOT the only ones there taking up a first-wave table who hadn't left yet. And after paying $150 for PIZZA (give me a break, please) the hostess came over and asked us to clear out because "people waiting outside are getting upset." Hey, I can see how that sucks for them but we're customers too and so is everyone else around us who have been lounging around for this long. When we exited the restaurant the people waiting outside were giving us (and everyone else who was leaving) DIRTY looks. Bitch please - it was YOUR decision to come here and wait in this ridiculous line, for one. For two - the food isn't that great anyway. Would I ever come here again? Hell no would I ever wait in a line that long for ANYTHING, not even if they sprinkled diamonds on the overly-salty meats. Oh, and I woke up twice in the middle of the night feeling like my face was caving in on itself and had to get up to go drink water.
After someone RAVED about the carne adovada on Chowhound, I knew I had to have it.  Unfortunately, I wasn't awed at all: the pork wasn't very tender and the sauce was really rather bland.  I wanted to try the posole, but the server almost refused to let me order it, saying it was a "meal in itself."  The portions were pretty big, and it's funny how prices fluctuate from 8$ (the soup) to 30$ (the fish specials).We went on a Sunday night and there was no wait.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is cute and homey, with a fireplace that's looks a little strange next to the huge flat-screen TVs behind the bar.I don't get it.  Maybe it was an off-night?  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing?  Hum.
Went here tonight in a group of 11 including 3 kids.  We didn't have reservations but scored a booth at 6:45 PM without a wait.  Wait staff was attentive.  Ordered the kids choices and appetizers/drinks.  Kids were preoccupied with the kids menu/games with crayons.  I had the million dollar margarita and my wife had the margarita with the chambord.  They didn't skimp on the alcohol!Chips and salsa were great - fresh and spicy!  I ordered pork tenderloin stuffed with chorizo with wasabi mashed potatoes and mixed veggies.  It was very, very good.  Wife had the scallop special and it tasted great too.Overall we had an extremely nice meal and I would definitely recommend it.
Now this is one fancy treat! I went to this mcdonalds late saturday night and almost blew out my britches from the terrible burger king the night before when I realized how good the golden arche's prices treat ya! With the cost of gas more than your neighbors flapjack its hard to imagine how they cram all that chicken in each nuggy and keep it only a dollar to add on to ANY combo meal. 5 stars!
Friendly staff, cozy atmosphere, good food.  I have no complaints about this location or with The Keg as a chain in general.  More importantly, my wife has no complaints either which is very rare.I wouldn't say the food or service here is of Mastro's, Ruth's Chris or Capital Grille quality but its the next best thing.If you haven't already I suggest signing up for their birthday club thing.  They will email you a certificate good for a free meal to use during the month of your birthday.  It will say you can use it for a steak but you can get the cash value ($23 or something) to use for whatever you want.  Last night my wife and I sat in the bar area to take advantage of the happy hour drinks and those awesome potato chips.  The happy hour drink specials for beer and wine are pretty decent but the orange martini thing is way too sweet.  They should just have a regular martini.Anyway, I had a burger and my wife had a salad with grilled shrimp.  My burger was perfectly cooked and had excellent flavor.  My wife's salad was very tasty as well and contained 6 or 7 nice size shrimp.  For a side we shared an order of the roasted beets which were fantastic.The only downside of this place is that it is located in Desert Ridge.  I hate that place with a passion.  It is always so crowded and the layout of the place just sucks.  Just getting in and out of the parking lot can be a clusterfuk.  Whoever designed this place is an idiot.
Save money!  Eat at Lolo's!  Go here for an early lunch and you are set for the day!  Perhaps a small snack 6-8 hours later but that's pretty much it!My second visit to Lolo's didn't quite measure up to the first visit...and still it was 4 stars.Great company with a group of Yelpers and my family too!Seriously, I was full 6 hours after eating here.
haven't had the food at Essence in awhile because it is just too slow, too crowded and too hot. But, I do LOVE the macarons. However, it's such a pain to get them, I may need to find my fix elsewhere. Last Friday, my gluten intolerant buddy flew into town for a visit. i stopped by Essence at 12 p.m. to pick up three caramel macarons for a treat. parking lot was overcrowded, complete with double-parked cars, I illegally parked with friend in car to "run" inside to pick up two.line to order food was 4 deed and the two gals at the registers didn't seem too in a hurry to get us all processed. by the time I got to the counter, they only had 2 left, and i was told they had no more. i took my two, paid for them and left.buddy loved them. so much that she wanted to take 4 home to share with her family. i called essence this a.m. to order (and pay for) over the phone, so we could swing by at 1230 on the way to the airport and pick them up. well, essence will only take phone orders of macarons for a dozen or more...well, at $3 a pop, that was out of the question. the gal on the phone said, oh, at 1230 we'll have plenty. really? i said. i was there on friday at noon and you only had 2 left.so, we took our chances today...i dropped her at the front door and i circled the parking lot over and over (of course there is no parking). friend waited in line for 10 minutes just to be told they only had two left and that the ones in back wouldn't be cool and available for at least 1/2 hour. friend, frustrated, bought the two and left. essence has great food and great baked goods. but the space, parking, and service cannot keep up with their recent success.
Best Chinese food in the East valley... that I've found so far.  This is now a regular take-out place for me and the girl
Why update a review if the star rating can't get better?  Cuz I still can't get over the wagyu corned beef....
A few years ago, I took a trip to Phoenix as a thank-you gift from a client.  Hey, win a $330,000,000 case, get a free weekend trip to Phoenix.  Who knew?  What was the highlight of the trip?  The fantastic hotel?  Nope.  The multiple free rounds of golf in the middle of February?  Nope.  The adoration of my client, who owed their entire continued corporate existence to my courtroom magic?  Oddly, nope.  Waffle House?  You got it!The Mason-Dixon line can also be called the IHOP-Waffle House line.  North of the line, IHOPs abound.  South of the line, Waffle Houses flourish.  Given my choice, I'd take Waffle House every time.  Here's why.1.  Everything on the menu can be added as a side order to anything else.  Want bacon and eggs?  Fine.  Want to add 1 pork chop to that order?  $1.99 more.  Want to add 2 pork chops to that order?  $2.99 more.  And so on, all the way up to 6 pork chops.  Same story if you want to add a t-bone (higher price, but still).  So, you can literally start with bacon & eggs and end up with a 15,000 calorie buffet-buster, and still be out....maybe....$10.2. The waitresses don't fark around.  They keep the water and diet Pepsi coming, call me "hon," and get the job done.  Plus, the check comes with the meal, which saves me time when the ambulance arrives to take me to the ER for an emergency stomach pumping.3. No reservations required.Listen, I can eat New American food till the cows come home.  But sometimes, you just need a little old fashioned Low American.  Traditional.  And Waffle House fits the bill.
Don't make the same mistake that I did and wait to try this place during your last month in town. In between my gym membership and leaving, I wanted to make sure I was still getting a work out in and found that Sutra does "tastings" where you can sign up for as short as two weeks for $25.The Skullpt classes are a great work out- they mix pilates, dance and yoga moves. So far I've taken classes with both Chelsea and Meghann and would highly recommend both of them as instructors. They are great at pushing you, and also providing the proper positive reinforcement one needs when you feel like your body is going to fail on you.The actual studio is gorgeous, clean and has little storage cubbies for all your stuff. I'm honestly sad that I lived this close to this studio and didn't look into it sooner- don't make the same mistake that I did!
Well...lookee what we got here...more frozen yogurt that you serve yourself and pay for by the ton:)The last time I tried this (at Ice Tango) I was somewhat less than successful...I ended up with 11 lbs. of fro-yo on my hands and about 4 oz's of chemical tasting "yogurt" in my cup (which cost me about $28.00, if memory serves:)I was much more successful and efficient at Yogurtland...and happier:)I was focused...I was resourceful...I was sure handed...but mostly, I was lucky...they had vanilla (the Bentley of flavors) and I was rewarded for trying serve yourself fro-tang again, with clean hands and a reasonably priced cup of yo-fro:)In the whirling vortex of irony and karma that makes up Old Town Scottsdale (or, as I like to call it "home":), Yogurtland is located cheek by jowl (you read that right, I was, in fact, born in a barn) with Sprinkles, home of hilariously priced crapcakes:)Yogurtland has very good, reasonably priced treats (about 30 cents an ounce, with no lead weights in the crease at the bottom of the cup, like Ice Tango had:)...as juxtaposed with it's neighbor...who does not:)The store smells nice and clean, the people behind the counter generally seem nice enough, everything works and the yogurt udders were not supercharged and easy for me to manage...I was able to get just the right amount of tasty vanilla yogurt in my cup to make about $1.50 treat...sweet, frosty and delightful!You know what's a good way to dine out in Old Town?Swing by Fred's for a couple of great marti's, and then wander across the street to Yogurtland for a delightful sweet treat and just call it dinner:)That's how we roll in the 85251:)
I wouldn't advise any health nut go here but if you want some cheap super yummy HUGE taco's with frybread wrappers?   Hit it up!The ladies working were really nice and the price was pretty fair.I felt like a peace pipe afterwards... no really... okay no I didn't but it was really good.
*Torn about this spot. The radish cakes were chock full of goodies but served off a plain non heated cart which just about cancels out the yum factor for me. Pork dumpling ,again tasty just ice cold off the same cart. I should have known better, but service was sporadic and I felt somewhat ignored, so impulsively chose something I knew wouldn't be hot. My bad.Some of the dumpling wrappers stuck to the metal steamers off the hot cart which made them hard to tackle. Veggies were good and hot which was a highlight. First steam cart go around chicken feet were gone already and they had just started service, this seemed odd to me. No worries as I soon spied another cart. Since this isn't my first rodeo I know to get up and get them myself, no biggie, just bring your card along. Downright felt like a fish out of water though as my actions were somewhat questioned. Not sure if it was due to expecting a large crowd the following day for a holiday but service was not good. Almost felt unwelcome. Shame though as the chicken feet were some of the best I have sampled in town. Spicy, with a great depth of flavor. Same could be said about the tripe. Cooked well, extremely fragrant with ginger and scallion and just the right amount of texture. Divine. No fry cart however. Every dim sum joint that I felt was worthy of great praise has a fry cart or two on which they would heat up the cakes and assorted applicable offerings. So I am torn. Many of the offerings were tasty but cold, which goes against every core of my being. * This was a tough review to finish, started a few weeks ago, and I have since discovered Xanadu. However, if you are dead set on staying in this area, this is a distant, but solid second choice.
When I arrived I already had an idea of what I wanted. The man that greeted me at the counter was very professional and polite. He handed me a menu and asked what I would like. I explained that I wanted the mongolian beef. As I was ordering I looked back into the kitchen and it appeared to be very clean. This menu item comes with a bowl of white rice. He asked if I would like a drink as well. Usual service, but done very professionally. I received my food quickly and it was very tasty! The portion sizes are generous and filling. While I was enjoying my meal another patron entered the restaurant and made a large order. When the order was completed the restaurant staff proceded with her food out the front door to load it for her. I was shocked that they didn't offer to do it and just did it! That is great customer service!!I must say I was very impressed not only with the food but the customer service as well. I believe they also have good business practices in place by using paper cups and styrofoam plates. I will definitely go back! Thanks Yan's!
Roka Akor is amazing.  The sashimi is fresh and perfectly cut.  The desserts are also perfection.Blue fin tuna flight was their special tonight and it was so delicious that I took a moment to close my eyes and indulge in the moment of the melting fresh fish in my mouth.  The rice hotpots are always good - I've had the mushroom rice hotpot with mountain vegetables and one with crab, both were delicious.  I've had steak both times I've been there and while it was very good, the sashimi, rice hotpot, and desserts are must haves.
This is the best and most authentic Japanese food in AZ.  Toh Zan serves up the tastiest original Japanese food that I've ever tasted, even in comparison to LA's Japantown.  The restaurant is a bit small and the owner might seems standoff-ish but they are polite and nice people.I don't like to be waited on hands on foot so this actually fits my lifestyle.In the summer months, you should try their cold noodle, especially Ten Zaru (cold noodle with shrimp & veggies tempura).  My wife really like their Chicken Katsudon.  The meals generally comes with some sides (salad, miso soup, etc) and in generous portion.  The food is never oily and taste fresh.  Give this place a try and you will not be dissapointed.
Canton Wong 3 has the best delivery Chinese food I have ever had.I have had the family bean curd, ma po tofu, egg fried rice, veggie chow mein and the veggie egg rolls.They have never messed up my order, normally take about 45 minutes, and the drivers are always nice.They take CC over the phone and they ask for your ID when you get there to make sure its your card. Good fraud protection :)They leave you with coupons, and the food is already reasonably priced.Only complaint is they are closed Monday and I think they close at 9, so if I want late night eats I have to go somewhere else.
5 stars for the special fishes. The wild caught salmon, the ono, and a couple other atypical fish they had this past weekend. It's been months since I've been here (I'm wondering WHY it took so long to come back). Their fresh fish has always been the highest quality and fresh. I'm sashimi all the way - no rice to muss things up, and no desire for most of the cooked stuff - so my rating is really based on the fish experience. And the salmon skin - excellent rolls and hand rolls. I have found few, if any places in the valley with as good selection and quality of fish. Prices are certainly not cheap, but the if you are all about plain slices of raw fish, it's is way better than the cheaper places.
While on my quest to find the perfect cookie, I came across Urban Cookies in Phoenix. After many failed attempts to stop by when they were actually open (I went on Sundays when cookie ovens rest), I finally made my way to their quaint downtown shop during business hours. Less is more and Urban Cookies has this trick mastered. As you walk in, it's no bigger than your Grandma's kitchen. But it's trendy, clean and immediately gives you the feeling that you're about to taste something spectacular. The counter top was lined with cookies and cupcakes. The friendly staffer welcomed me and gave me a brief rundown on the cookie selection. All but one of the cookie types are permanent and then they switch out the "special" here and there. When I visited, they were featuring the lemon cookie. They had about six different kinds of cookies. I couldn't discriminate, so I left with three different kinds: one chocolate chip coconut, chocolate oatmeal, and the special of the week...the lemon cookie. Yes, it's a dominate chocolate selection, but I have a bit of a chocolate addiction. I admit it. So, like a kid who got away with their hand in the cookie jar, I left with a bright smile on my face, while I avoided eye contact with my will power. After "taste testing" each of the cookies (ok, I didn't just taste test them; I finished them over the course of a couple days), I can full endorse Urban Cookies' awesomeness. I think the coconut chocolate chip was my favorite, followed by the lemon. The lemon literally crumbled and melted in your mouth all at once. I wish I could have stayed and enjoyed everything the cookie shop had to offer, but I plan on making frequent visits to quench my cookie addiction. In summary, I give Urban Cookies a cookieliscious high five for their tasty treats.
Lions and cougars and manthers! Oh my! Yep. I might as well have been on a safari....the cougars we're thick as thieves. We were here for an event and this joint was jumpin'! Thankfully, it must hold 10,000 people...it is enormous. Lots of different rooms, patios and lounges for the cougars to make their attack. I had VIP service so I can't complain about that. The food was a buffet and was actually quite good. Of course I could have eaten a dish rag and been happy as I needed something to soak up the free Patron. Yep. Free Patron. The crowd was typical for this neck of Scottsdale. Hello stereotype! Could you be any more accurate. I had fun mingling, people watching and leaving. Yep. Leaving. We made a quick escape after I was called a fag in the bathroom by some gelled up, steroided out cardboard head dude. Sorry, just cuz I tried to share a urinal with him. Jeez! What's up with that. Some people are so territorial! I'd go here again, for an event, but never, never for a night out. Adios Barcelona!
When only a serious cut of beef will do, prepared and served by another (instead of your backyard grill)--go to Fleming's. Very nice restaurant with professional waiters, a great menu, and tasty wine list.Although, I've eaten several fine meals at Fleming's, the reason for this recent review is a new discovery: the PINNACLE of hamburgers for $6 dollars at happy hour. A half pound Prime meat hamburger, with smoked bacon, and choice of cheddar, gruyere or blue cheese on a toasted challah bun. Damnation!! best hamburger I've ever eaten. Did I mention 6 bucks at happy hour? Phenomenal.
The beautiful Carin and I went to the Village this morning for our respective workouts...She hit the cardio machines hard and I played squash with my buddies.As I finished my last game with one of my buddies, Jim (who happens to be a cardiologist), he mentioned that I looked a little emaciated...peaked even, and prescribed chicken and waffles, "stat" (stat is a medical term that means "with extra butter, syrup and a side of grits":)Fortunately for me there is a new emergency location for Lolo's that has opened up altogether too close to my home:)Serendipity started to smile on me when we pulled up just as someone was leaving and we scored the parking spot right in front...serendipity continued as we put our name in for the 30 minute wait, only to be called after 15 minutes...and continued to weave it's way through the entire meal, as we got our drinks right away (really, is there much of anything better than a 1/2 gallon of sweet tea with your Saturday afternoon brunch?:), and we were waited on promptly and served right away.I was saved from wasting away:)I was particularly delighted for 2 reasons:     - This was only their second day open in Scottsdale and they were   absolutely slammed with both people eating at Lolo's and with take out orders, so it looked like the service was a little uneven...but the Lolo's staff were so darn nice to everyone, most of the customers seemed  to be pretty understanding:)     - This was Carin's first experience with Lolo's, and like all of her other "first times" with me, I wanted it to be both "special" and "delightful"...I am a loving, thoughtful and caring husband:)We couldn't have asked for it to go any better, especially for going by so soon after they opened:)The chicken and waffles are every bit as good as the original location down on Yuma:)...Carin has fallen in love with Lolo's, too:)The decor in the new place is pleasant...welcoming and comfortable...I love the wash tub lighting treatments:)And the staff continues to be pleasant (trending toward sweet as pie) to everyone...they could have been pretty tight-faced today, because they really did have a ton of people (all looking to get their chicken and waffle on) come by Lolo's today.I wasn't expecting to give these guys 5 stars right out of the gate, but doggone it, they earned it!Great food, great atmosphere, nice people and now, right in the hood:)I wonder if Jim is going to send me a bill for the medical advice? :-)
So, I moved back to the Bay Area 6 years ago this week. Last week, I was in Phoenix and met with some friends from high school who I haven't seen in 9 and 11 years respectively. Our 20 year HS reunion is next month and since I am not going, decided we should have our own mini type reunion and this was a place easy enough for all of us to meet up. Yes this is a chain, and yes when in Phoenix I play the chain game. When this restaurant was built, it was all the rage. I used to work for a company close by and this was the place we would go to for recognition type lunches, etc. The portions were huge, there was a salad bar (yep this seems eons ago) and service was great. There was always a line and if you showed up at dinner time, you had to be prepared for a 1+ hour wait. We all met at 6:30 on a Wednesday night. No line outside, no one waiting inside and we were seated immediately. This told me right away that either the economy has taken a real toll or that the Claim Jumper isn't jumping anymore. We were seated and all just started gabbing away. We all had non alcoholic beverages and warned the waitress we would be there for the long haul with gabbing, etc. so if she needed us to leave so she could get more tables to let us know. Heads up folks visiting AZ from CA-any wait staff in AZ DOES NOT MAKE MINIMUM WAGE. They make around $4.25 an hour now (used to be $2.12) and have to depend on tips. This is why I find service in AZ to typically be stellar compared to service here. They have a smaller menu than they used to and also offer smaller plates. We all had something different-me a spinach salad and a big ass baked potato. My friends had a chicken sandwich of sorts and the meatloaf with mashed potatoes. We were all satisfied and my friends each took part of their meal home. We also all shared a coffee ice cream mud pie. It didn't taste as good as I remembered it, but it was a nice end to the meal. The desserts are still larger than life and even with 3 women gabbing and noshing, we left about a third of it. The waitress was great-the restaurant still never got busy and we ended up closing the place down (that would be 10pm)! The three of us then ended up sitting outside in front of the restaurant and gabbed and gabbed until well after midnight. It was a great evening and a nice place to have played catch up with old friends (none of us are 40 yet so they wouldn't like me calling them "old"). I drove back to my mom's and parked the car, took off my shoes and walked through the house on my tip toes. Kind of like how I used to come home in high school but I wasn't drunk or stoned...
Sacks is growing on me.  I think that I like my sandwich more when I do the "self portrait" and pick what I want on my sandwich.  They have plenty of choices, but I guess I can be picky with my sandwiches.It gets busy here, lunch is best if you go a bit early or a bit later.  The phone is best for pick ups, it's super easy and super quick.The best part is that you get a little cookie with your sandwich and they have multiple iced tea selections.  All of them are delicious!
What the hell happened to this place?I used to love Chino Bandido... their wacky Mexican/Asian combos seemed to give me consistent mouth-gasms every time I'd go there. Within the past year or so however something changed, the staff went way downhill and the resulting food that comes out of the kitchen is a sad and pathetic shadow of what it used to be. Just to illustrate this point, I decided to give this place another shot a few weeks ago and upon walking in (the place was empty by the way) I was greeted with a "wassup' by the main kid at the register... nothing more than that... just "wassup" with a look on his face like I was a rival gang member entering into hostile territory... not very welcoming to say the least. After ordering my combo dish 'to go'... I was treated to about a 15 minute wait, and while I was waiting the three kids working in the kitchen were rapping with each other. Some of the words coming from their mouths are probably too harsh to include in this review. It was obvious that they were paying no attention to my food that was cooking. It was so uncomfortable to be sitting there that long, staring at a group of clueless kids making fools out of themselves... I almost walked out without my food even though I had already paid; because let's be honest... the chance of this food being decent at this point was near zero in my mind. After my long wait, and being handed my bad of food by one of the delinquent-looking employees (who by the way didn't mutter a single word when giving me my dish or when I left)... I went home to uncover what horrors awaited me in that styrofoam container. Let me just tell you my friends, it was not pretty. It looked like someone had taken an ice cream scooper and just plopped a pile of beans on top of a soggy tortilla and rice... then put in on the floor and stepped on it. It was a mushy pile of greased up nothingness... no substance, just a poor excuse for a pile of food that could be mistaken for animal excrement.By no means should you go here, unless they revitalize this place or hire some new staff... so this is your warning; avoid the Chandler location like the plague!
when i was 11 my mother taught me how to use an Abacus. i felt like i was given "ancient chinese secret". which is odd, because how the hell did my mother get an ancient chinese secret. she was a white woman from Rhode Island..but anyways..i was all into this thing..doing my homework, keeping track of how much money my friends owed me, took it with me when i was buying groceries at the store.sadly, i got out of practice...now i look at the damn thing like every other american and wonder. wtf it is that thing.Lunch Specials are affordable, food is pretty good. nothing all that special. it's just  a catch all american-chinese food place. if you in the area and are looking for lunch options give it a try. if you are looking for great asian food, give it a pass. i think i paid 7.50 for lunch. 10 with tip.
OK, so we went back tonight for dinner.. I have to say, I was pretty peeved that they raised their prices.  So, now when I ordered just ONE shrimp taco, it came out to 4.90 with tax and all - are you flippin' kidding me!?!?!  It's about 5 shrimp, chipotle cream salsa, red cabbage, and corn tortilla for FIVE DOLLARS.  No way... I mean, they're pretty damn good tacos for being hundreds of miles away from the shore, but 5 dollars for ONE taco?  That's a bit presumptuous. Like I said before, I'm not expecting .99c value meal prices.. but I'm also not paying Scottsdale prices for a taco.
Good-quality food and very consistent.  My group enjoyed the chicken tikka masala, lamb karahi, mutter paneer (peas and homemade cheese in a coconut curry sauce), with basmati rice and aloo paratha (naan with potatoes and peas).  Their vegetable samosas are pretty tasty, too!Service could be much better.  We had to wait awhile to order the food, dessert, and then again for the ticket.  BTW, portions are pretty slim, but the flavors all but make up for the small portions.
I really enjoy Gallo Blanco, whether it's for brunch or lunch/dinner.Is it a perfect experience? No way... not by any means. But it is a much better effort than what we all had to endure with C4 , Clarendon Kitchen, etc... Nothing seemed to stick.I will say I did not enjoy being dropped on by condensation from an AC unit a few weeks ago, but that is neither here nor there, because of our large party, and because I did not formally complain to the server/management.Every other experience has been how I like it. Servers seem a little new and lacking confidence so far. But overall, I like it. The food is decent. Not excellent, but done pretty well -- everything from the elotes to the guacamole.I especially enjoy the brunch and the value of it. Are you really serious? $5 brunch with chorizo egg and refried beans, done just right?!  Breakfast and dinner tortas served on soft bolillos are done decently here, although the crust could be a little more tough.Tacos are priced just right, cooked well and are worth the $2.50 each! Can't decide if I like the fish or the carnitas better. Anyhow, decide for yourself.
My husband is always on the hunt for tasty Mexican food. You can find "fancy" Mexican food all day long in the Valley, but we've yet to find casual Mexican that's not served on a paper plate, and is really good. Well, we found it at Mi Patio. The inside of the restaurant is much better than I expected - it's super cute, absolutely decked out in themed gear, has a vibe, a bar and makes you feel like you're in Mexico. What we really weren't expecting was AMAZING SERVICE. I mean, better than most places in the Valley. Our drinks were never half empty, we had everything we needed and it was quick (without making you feel stressed out or rushed). Then, to top it off, the food was great. We shared the green chili cheese crisp and the "Mi Patio Especial" shredded chicken burro with the white sauce and it was delicious without feeling toooo greasy. We'll be back!
Their sign says the nicest place on earth or was it happiest....wait thats Disneyland. I think. Anyway, the folks behind the counter are very nice and helpful. I like that they have pasta here and the meat is sliced right in front of your eyes if your into that sort of thing. Everything always looks really fresh even today at 4 pm. I have been coming here forever and will continue to do so.
CLOSED!!They owed so many hard working people so much money. I'm thrilled that they got what was coming to them. Best wishes to the staff that they walked out on.
Absolute BEST Frybread place in Phoenix. The only frybread I prefer over this place would be the home-made frybread my friends Rocky and Mario would make, so you know I'm not messing around with this, folks. Try their amazing Frybread Tacos, which was vegetarian friendly, btw and if you do eat meat, their green chili is an absolute delight. Cheap, quick, and open late--- If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.
Excellent food, excellent service. Even the required valet service hustled as they worked for their tips. On Monday and Tuesday nights, Postino has a $20 special (not to be confused with happy hour) that includes a bottle of wine and a bruschetta board. We ordered the Nine Iron panini, a bottle of Sola Fred red wine, and a bruschetta board consisting of the following selections (check my photos, too!):Ricotta with Dates & PistachiosBrie & Apples with Fig SpreadSmoked Salmon with PestoProsciutto with Figs & Mascarpone My absolute favorite was the salmon and pesto, but I definitely appreciated the salty crunch of the pistachio and ricotta, and the sweet juxtaposition of the sweet figs and prosciutto. I did not care for the coldness of the apple and brie. I honestly don't remember much of the panini except that it was "good", mainly because I was so enthralled with the bruschetta. By the time I had turned my attention to the panini, I had also had a good amount of wine.Halfway through our meal, a manager (presumably) appeared and apologized for the amount of time it took for a waitress to take our order. It was extremely busy and we therefore did not think anything of the "wait" but still appreciated the very, very generous comp. Clearly, Postino takes their customer service seriously! Beware! Seating wait times are very long, especially for groups. Because we had a group of more than 8, the man who answered the phone was very polite and helpful in reserving a table, resulting in quick seating.  If it's just you and a friend, no problem! They have fireplaces you can sit next to. All in all, I definitely recommend this place. I love me some vino!
I. love. Copper. Star! Why?Cool location (converted filling station with working drive thru...how cool is that?)Unpretentious (cute!) staff Cool owners (they so "get it")Fab coffee (never bitter, extra foamy when I ask!)Yummy cupcakes (never dry and lots o' yummy frosting!)Groovy musicGreat customersJust wish I lived closer....I'd be here all the time :).I dare say this is my favorite coffee place...in Phx...ever :)
It was a beautiful day, I found parking right in front of the restaurant, and we were served quickly. What can I say - it was a 5-star day.I had a delicious cucumber & honey lemonade and a scrumptious gluten-free curry chicken with rice noodles. The curry was not spicy (by request), the chicken was cooked perfectly and the noodles were flavorful and abundant. The entree was enough for two meals. I will definitely be back for more.
Dear Sports Bar Elves, please open up a sports bar like this in other locations (like Old Town) around the Valley. The end. Ok not really, but I do wish more sports bars like these existed around town. K O'Donnell's is the perfect mixture of sports bar meets grill. There are plenty of locations to sit and enjoy a meal, but there are tvs everywhere you turn so if someone wants to watch a game they can do so. In addition to the grill, there is a large bar area with a spacious patio, plus they even have a back room dedicated to poke and with plenty of poke tables. The food here is good and better than average bar food. The bruschetta is delicious and should be called garlic, cheesy, fluffy bruschetta. I had the Cobb salad which was also tasty and combined a side of blue cheese dressing with the balsamic vinaigrette. This is definitely an excellent choice for weekend night drinks or weekday happy hour or dinner.
This is a five star place, no doubt.  Good for people who don't eat meat. good for people who love meat....how is that possible? This is a small operation, family vibe all the way, with wonderful lunch and dinner options.  I have personally had: the vegetable sunsubeck (i am totally spelling that incorrectly) which is veggies in a phyllo; mezza (appetizer with hummus, babganosh, cheese, pitas, etc); falafel; lemonade (awesome!) and the walnut baklava.  All of these items were good to excellent.  This is by far one of my favorite middle eastern food places in the world, even better than the Shwarma King in Bratislava, Slovakia...no joke!   I have taken people to Sahara who afterwards raved about the lamb tikka.  I have never cooked or eaten  lamb, but my friends tell me it is a difficult meat to prepare so that it is not tough and that the lamb here is excellent.  Just passing the word along, good thing this is not Law and Order or else that last statement would be stricken from the record for being here-say...or something clever that Jack McCoy would come up with...ooops..i digress..There are three different kinds of baklava...let me say that again:  THREE KINDS O' BAKLAVA:  pistachio, walnut and almond.  The honey and rosewater in the baklava really puts it over the top.  Oh and did I mention that it is moderately priced, lunch under $10, dinner for two under $40 with drinks, appetizer and desert.  Also has take out, take away, whatever you want...Okay let me give the rundown:Food:  awesomeService:  first rate, nice, warm, feels like homeAtmosphere:  busy, with people excited to be eating good foodWould I go again:  I might go tomorrow!Should you go:  yes x 100
I'd been craving huevos rancheros for a week. Every time I got the "we're going to Arizona to see my family. Save your appetite for the authentic stuff" line. Well, two days into our trip and no huevos rancheros in sight, we were trolling the internet for non-chain restaurants in Tempe. Not only was Harlow's independent, but it was amazingly not in a strip mall! Don't get me wrong, they can do some amazing things in strip malls down there, but it never ceases to be what it is. Harlow's is in a low-built shacky building next to a barber shop. I inhaled those huevos rancheros (with green AND red sauces) like it was my last meal of the day. It certainly was not the last, but (don't tell the family) it was the best. Also, service was friendly, S's meal was good, the decorations were funky, and even on Christmas eve at the end of the brunch time, we were treated very well.
It had been at least a year, possibly closer to two, since my last visit to Padre's and I was worried that rumors of a new chef and changes in the kitchen may have made my earlier comments null and void.  I am pleased to announce that I had the carne adovada again today and it was just as tender as I remembered it. In fact, I stand behind my original review 100% -- the chile could be a little spicier, but the meat is perfectly marinated and fork tender! Delish!
Okay so I have to make a confession... Del Taco has some of the tastiest Chocolate Fudge Cake around. In addition to the nummy little thing being just the right amount for under $1.50, you can get it at 3:00 a.m. when there is no hope of finding such a treat elsewhere.You will never catch me having a crispy shrimp taco (the idea of seafood from a fast food place makes me want to hack), but holy bajeebus... that cake is like crack!
Honestly, I LOVE the food here, but the service is absolutely horrible. Everytime time I go I wish for acceptable service and it unfortunately never happens. I decided to bring my parents here for dinner to show them exceptional food, but we were treated poorly. It took at least 15 minutes for my beer that was already poured in the glass when I received it. Not only did the beer take a while, the appetizer did as well. When we repeatedly questioned about our appetizer, our server became frustrated with us. Because of his frustration he had the manager bring the app. The manager asked how we were and with unhappy faces we did not answer, and the manager proceeded not to ask about our poor attitudes but simply walked away. Throughout the meal the server never stopped to talk to us to enlighten our moods, except asked us how we were in passing. Never stopping once, not even to drop the bill! I myself work in the restaurant business and understand the difficulties when dealing with unhappy guests, but by no means was this correct way!!!
This is the Good Safeway. The Evil Safeway is at 7th st and McDowell.Good Safeway:CleanEasy to find thingsWide selectionFresh produceEvil Safeway:Ghetto ass shitWilted produceLimited selectionHeroin addict park across the streetIt's been robbed during 2 shopping trips... wtf?Only 4 stars though because a lot of the bakery goods have partially hydrogenated oil. WTF Safeway? Don't make me sic Lindsay on ur ass, yo.
My prediction: this restaurant will receive a Michelin star (or rising star), and soon.Compared to the two (one-starred) restaurants I have eaten at (in NYC and Napa Valley) I would say the cuisine is par and the service/experience is even better.I particularly appreciate the expanded take on indigenous cuisine in each course- from the amusee to the sorbet palate cleanser to the dessert.  And the primary dishes off the menu do not disappoint.  Table-side flambe' of fresh marshmallow and a drizzle of liquor before pouring the soup into the bowl?  Gorgeous.  A few "threads" of squid ink pasta under the shellfish?  Well yes, thankyoumoreplease! I don't typically spend this much on a meal unless it is a very special occasion date with my husband.  But I was determined to try Kai while traveling to Scottsdale.  I (insert effort of bravery) made reservations to dine solo.  Every aspect of the process- phone call, confirmation, free valet, escort, table-side service (friendly and attentive without one iota of snobbery!), and departure (chocolate truffles to go and a handwritten thank-you note from the lead waiter and a bottle of VOX waiting in my car!)- was the definition of "above and beyond."The prices are steep.  And OH SO worth it.
My GF and I fluttered over to the WCG the other night.    I was informed that WCG is "reallllly good but kinda pricey".  Pshaw, I laugh in the face of pricey... (except at Mastro's, then I cry like a little girl).  Walking in, I noticed the  oustide of the place was modern and lemmie tell ya, I like modern.  Well lets say modernish...yeah.  Before we took the plunge inside, I decided to read the gilded framed menu suspended next to the entry door;  while I was reading at least 2 different blue hairs going in had to stop and tell me how FABULOUS the food was .  Hook , line and sinker.  I mean, if you can't believe the old farts, who can you believe?This place is kinda dark inside. Not deliverance or deer hunter dark, but "I need a night light" sorta dark.  I agree with the other yelper, this place is a nap-danger for adults.  Soup should be served sparingly inside to prevent table drownings.  It was rather nice inside though, I liked it.. just dark.  The booth was nice and squishy too, just the way i like em'.I had the 6 oz filet, and my dahlin' had the crab cakes.  Both were quite tasty, but my mashed 'taters were kinda sub par considering the price tag. (why are masheds so ignored?? WHY??)  Granted we orderd off the date menu, a fixed price bastard that let us choose 1 app, 2 salads, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert to share.  I'd bore the crap outta you if I went into details about every course, but they were all good in a passable kinda way.  I'm writing this review aren't I?Irony upon irony, the desserts you could pick from on said "date" menu, even though ALL desserts are listed at the same price, did not include the white chocolate cheese cake.  Black flagged again.  I even tried to substitute and the staunchly refused.  I will get even with them I swear.Synopsis (sp?)not bad, but once again AZ has introduced me to another restaurant that I don't want to frequnent often if I don't have too.  I really wanted to love WCG, but I think I'll stick with TGIF's.
When I donated my kidney a few months ago, Wendy from Petite Maison brought me 6 pints of soup. At the time, I had never met her, the chef or eaten there. How cool is that? After being on painkillers for several days, I was severely constipated. It happens. The lentil soup she brought over did the *ahem* trick, though!I finally got to go there last weekend for their late night Staff Meal, which was dessert-themed. My friend Leslie made all the desserts. The service was great, except for having to ask for water twice. There weren't many people there, but it was also after hours, so I'll forgive it because it was such a cute place!It feels like a ski lodge inside. There is wood everywhere! Cute chandeliers over the tables, too. Oh, and the bathroom was nice. Not too fancy, but nicer than most places.I will definitely come back here for a regular meal, but I wanted to get the word out about this place.Good people, who care about others in the community. Great atmosphere and for being in Old Town, douchebag-free.
The world has finally presented me with an easy choice.  After years of wandering through life, decisions half-made or made wholly wrong, a simple and easy direction has shown itself to me: I have to move to Ecuador.Quite honestly, if the food here is representative of the native regional cuisine, I'm just going to buy a ticket, pack my cat, and head down there.  Feel free to pick over my belongings.Almost completely hidden from view, this tiny hole in the wall of a restaurant sits, waiting for those looking to find it.  The decor is bright and charming; inviting without feeling like it's trying to be ethnic.  The tables are comfortable and huge.  I had actually thought they were a bit over sized when we first sat down but, well, then food started to arrive.We were started with the obligatory chips and salsa.  And while they may not have been much to look at, these slightly greasy chips and sweetly spicy salsa are very tasty.  This little appetizer was soon followed by a plate of empanadas and a sampler of their tamales.  Now, I love tamales, so I was probably looking forward to this most of all.  These three (a Mexican red, a green, and an Ecuadorian) were not only beautifully crafted and presented, but they were some of the best quality I'd ever eaten.  If it's your first time here and you like tamales, don't pass that sampler up.  The red might not have been the most stunning, but the green is the perfect blend of cheese, pepper, and corn.  The Ecuadorian tamale was just unlike any tamale I've tried before.  Wrapped in a banana leaf, there was just more filling to it than I'd ever seen in your standard tamale.The main dishes followed in good time.  Again, the presentation on this food is just stunning.  If I had ever dreamed about being a food photographer, I'd probably start my portfolio here.  The brisket I had ordered was covered in what I can only term as a "salsa" of peppers and various other vegetables.  Combined with the meat that was tender enough to cut with a fork and the avocado slices, it was just a sublime meal.  A combination of flavors that I had honestly never experienced before.I've had (I think) real Mexican, Spanish, and a variety of other types of food.  The cuisine here is distinctly in it's own category.  I think that's what draws me back to it most: a delightfully inviting, yet wholly unknown, palate to explore.
What a grimy little corner of Mill. I was with a dinner party of graduates and we were dressed formally...whoever chose to come here after Rula Bula must not have anticipated the constant stream of questioners grunting, "hey, why you dressed like that? wedding?"The topper was being offered a shot by a group of 18-year-old boys to help them out. Sorry, I'll stay here with my husband and soberly contemplate the awful logo and--what's that there?--a pole with exposed nails fallen off from a wooden bench. If you dare come here, be sure your tetanus is up to date.
Let me preface this by saying the Pizza and service are spectacular, five stars for those!  Why am I writing this and only giving one star? For stupidity!If the manager gave us a reasonable explanation then you wouldn't see this.My mother ordered two shots of vodka on the rocks.  She requested two olives in it... Not an unreasonable request.  The bartender came over to the table and said "we don't have whole olives, will sliced be ok?"  Huh? A bar without whole olives? Perhaps they ran out?  Ok sure my mother said she would try sliced.Presentation of the drink sucked...it came in a pint glass with the ice way above the vodka, no stir stick, and the olives? Were in a rocks glass, they weren't even queen olives, they were small sliced olives like you get on a pizza.  But I am not writing about the presentation of the drink.We got the bill for our drinks, 2-16 inch pizzas, a 12 inch pizza a Pazookie and...here it comes 2 olives!  No shit! They charged us for condiments!  We had to ask why, as we have never been charged for having a lime in a beer, or 5 cherries in my daughters Shirley Temples, or olives anywhere in the world! The bartender never mentioned and extra charge for sliced olives. $0.39 each!Now $6 a shot for vodka not unreasonable, even for rail! I am not upset about the $12 drink. The slap in the face is the charge for olives, that were not even whole!  So the manager (Carrie?) comes over and gives us some BS story that other places have figured the cost of the olives into their drink prices so that is why we have never ever seen this before anywhere in the world.  Hmmmm, how do those places know how many olives we are going to ask for? Or limes, or oranges or cherries.  You know I used three squirts of soap and three squares of hand towels when I used their restroom did I go over my limit on those? Think I should go back and have them add it to the bill? I am only writing this because I was not satisfied with the reason given to me by the manager.  My mother ordered a $12 rail drink (not call) and had to pay for condiments. STUPID!Dear Mark Russell,You have awesome people, great food, and service, however you need not charge for olives in drinks... Kind of stupid. Right?
Ok, now that you are reading based on the one star.... Went for a dinner for four on a Saturday night, and...The female bartender who is always there has no personality and is about as customer service oriented as an old shoe.Our waiter: took the males dinner order before the females, served salad and had to be asked what happened to our appetizer, and he clearly forgot.  The story goes on with forgot drink orders, and the delivery of desert to those of us having the prix fix menu, and the rest had to ask for a menu, and again he was surprised.  So he said "dessert    Is on me".  You guessed it, desserts were charge on the bill, as was a salad price doubled .  This was the second try with the same results in 2011.  So YES it is a land mark, and YES it is red walls and old school cool, but.... Food is OK, and service keeps disappointing ..... For the price, I will go elsewhere.
3-Stars only for FnB???  Relax..  This is just a courtesy heads-up for the fellow Yelpers.  I don't think another review is needed for FnB.  And plus, I didn't eat there.I'm a big fan of saddling up to the bar for a drink at restaurants.  I was walking around old town the other night and walked by FnB, glanced in, and decided to do just that.  Oops.  So you know, what you see in there that looks like a bar to sit at is not a bar to sit at.  Instead of drinks being made behind what was the bar before FnB, is now where all the cooking takes place, so there is no "bar" to casually sit at.  Just letting you know that the spots at the bar are reserved seating.I only give it 3 stars because I didn't eat, so I can't judge the food.  However, the food looked awesome.When I walked in and told the guy at the door I was just going to "grab a seat at the bar for a drink", he explained to me that it was all seating and they were booked full.  I initially thought he was joking, but then that's when I realized that isn't a bar, it's seating around the kitchen.  I mean, you're literally 4 feet away from the gals (and one guy), cooking.  I looked and said, "oh.......".  And just stared at this little space.  He was cool though, he said, "hey, how long you gonna be?"  I said, "seriously, about 20 minutes".  He got me a seat at the "bar" where I had a glass of wine, watched the food being made and served and got a general feel for the place.  Just know that you can't step in for a quick drink.  But I appreciate him being accommodating.I plan on going back and trying the food.
My husband and I were pretty underwhelmed with our experience at Lola on Saturday night (note: do not go on the night of the APS light parade...it makes getting to Lola near impossible). We really really wanted to like it, but the whole experience just came up flat for us.The intimacy and decor of Lola is great; it's not big enough where it will get very loud and the whole long tables to allow for community dining is nice. The color palatte was soothing and did not distract from the main focus which is the food. We were with a group of nine that evening, and from our perspective (not sure how our fellow diners felt), I thought service was spotty. Sometimes we would have to ask three times for something and it wasn't very crowded most of the time we were there. It was just like the waitress forgot. Apparently before we arrived, our group had ordered the olives which never materalized at the table; luckily we were not charged for them. Also, I really don't appreciate when waiters and waitresses cop a small attitude when you order a soda and not an alcoholic beverage. I know it's crazy, but even I don't want beer or wine with every meal!I thought the food was the most disappointing part of the whole evening. The menu is pretty small, which surprises me for a tapas restaurant. Isn't the whole idea variety? Also, some of the dishes were good to share among four people, and others we had to really ration out the portions so that everyone who wanted a bite could have one. We also had to order four plates of the special since it was so popular with our table and to ensure everyone got at least one whole piece. I liked the tortilla espanola, but the one at Sol y Sombra is much better (and larger!). The special was also very good, but seriously how can  you go wrong with toasted baguette, goat cheese and onions? My husband tried the gambas (he likes the shrimp dish at Caffe Boa better), the steak and the pork and he said they were nothing special and were very unmemorable. My last complaint about the food is that there was no chicken dish at all on the menu!!! I'll admit I can be kinda of a picky eater, but even my husband commented on the lack of a chicken option for non-red meat or seafood eaters.My husband and I decided that we enjoy Sol y Sombra much more and do not see ourselves making a special trip back to Lola in the near future.
Two words:  Bacon.  Waffle.That's all you need to know, honestly.  Just do it.  Right freaking now.  Unless it's after 3pm, in which case you are SOL.  But all the true breakfast places are only open in the am, or 24 hours in my opinion, so that's a good sign...
Kangaroo!  You heard me.  Last night I tried a Kangaroo burger at Stax.  Um, 5 stars for that alone.  This place is awesome.  I am so glad I finally tired it.  The whole concept is great.  The smell is intoxicating, even in the parking lot.  It's like hamburger utopia.   You mix and match different types of mini burgers, usually two is enough if you order sides.  The exotic meat section blew me away and I just had to try the Kangaroo burger.  I believe the selection changes frequently.  I also got the turkey burger, which I really enjoyed.  The patty had spices and bell pepper mixed in and the pineapple made it extra yummy with a touch of sweetness.  I tried a bite of my dinning partner's buffalo and that was pretty tasty.  The bread on these little guys is top notch too and grilled to be slightly crispy around the edges. The mini burgers were hefty.  Honestly, they really weren't that mini, I only got through one and a half.  There were some other big hits with me.  The sweet potato fries rocked.  YOU MUST GET THEM.  Okay, so Fez still has the best, but these are my second favorite.  I also love the cucumber water, so much better than lemon.  I hate that sour crap in my water, but the cucumber is so refreshing.  The only thing I didn't care for was the Mac n' Jack.  It wasn't bad, just not my style.  Too spicy and not creamy enough for me, it wasn't worth the calories.  The service was great too, my waitress was extremely sweet and helpful since this was my first visit.  I can't wait to go back. The decor/atmosphere rocked, the food rocked, the selection rocked, and of course- I rock.
Given that I went to the Downtown Phoenix Public Market without any caffeination whatsoever, I was in a pretty gnarled state by the end of my tomato buying excursion. I wanted to sit and cool down somewhere and have some coffee. I immediately thought of all my regular coffee joints, but since I was already in this neck of the woods, I thought I'd check to see if Fair Trade was open.Now, it's not the first time I've attempted to go to Fair Trade. I've tried several times before on weekends, and they've always been closed. And I'd forget their hours and then try again and...still closed.But today? Open! So for all you people, at least at noon on Saturdays, this joint's doors are unlocked. I walked in and surveyed the scene. I definitely got a Berkeley earth mother vibe, which I didn't really expect to get in downtown Phoenix, but this town never ceases to surprise me one way or the other. I can't remember all the stuff they had to offer for sale besides their coffee products, but I do remember it appealing much to yogacentric ladies (not that there's anything wrong with that).Ok, survey over, I still needed caffeine. I looked at their menu. The sizes for their coffee drinks: large, grande, venti. Are you kidding me? Why would a coffeehouse, called Fair Trade Cafe of all things, choose to label its cup sizes after Starbucks?  Beats me."I'd like a small hot coffee and a large iced chai. And I want the chai with soy, if you can make it.""Sure, no prob."Now I know it sounds bizzarre to you, but I needed the hot coffee to wake me up (iced coffee does nothing). But then I wanted something to cool me down. Plus I saw people drinking iced chai at the farmers market and it looked good. And I never drink chai at coffeehouses, hot or iced, so I thought why not today?I then sat down with my two drinks on the couch and read the NY Times. In a relaxed state. And tasted my drinks.I'd say the coffee was good, but the iced soy chai was excellent. I kept switching back between sips of each. I guess I'm weird. Or maybe I was just hot from walking around in 100 degrees for an hour. Who knows.I sat there for a while reading, and I noticed out of 9 patrons there I was the only guy in the entire joint, so maybe it is an earth mother establishment after all. No Sarah Maclachlan on the soundsystem, though. Actually, no music at all. I know that there's no rule governing coffeehouses and whether they should have music (either live or on the stereo) on at all times, but it did seem a little silent, apart from the quiet chattering at the other tables.I'd say all in all Fair Trade is a good place in a great location and uses best practices to obtain quality coffee (including Pura Vida Coffee and Just Coffee, which comes from a co-op of 50 families in Chiapas, Mexico), but man, if they were only open throughout the weekends and into the evenings, downtown would definitely benefit. I'm not sure if the adjacent Trinity Episcopal Cathedral actually owns the cafe or not, but I didn't get any religious vibe from the joint while I was there.So, 3 stars for now. Maybe I'll bump up the star wattage in the future. Whenever I find them open again, that is.
Even though they don't serve Sake, they do a great job as a bring your own place. The location is small, so if you have a large group you might have to wait a little while to be seated. It's definitely worth it though. As I look at the reviews of other Yelpers, I can't help but think that they're just ordering the wrong things. I mean, good sushi is about good fish. It really kind of bothers me when people say "I love sushi" and then either pick the fish off the roll, order something without fish entirely, or order something that's going to be drenched in some American sauce. The waiters have always been really knowledgeable and educated about the flavor profiles of their fish and are usually really good about letting you know what is going to be best that day and what is the freshest. I have yet to find a sushi place in Phoenix that has fish as good as theirs, it's not the best, but it's the best I've had in the valley. And, I don't know what Jenn H. (review below) ordered to get something covered in mayo? We always get a variety of different things and I have yet to have anything with any weird sauce on it.  I mean, I've probably been there 5 or 6 times, and I can't remember any sauce on anything. When my dad and stepmom came to visit from L.A., they liked this place so much that they actually wanted to go two nights in a row.
Delicious. I try not to use that word lightly, but it definitely applies to the food in this place. The seasoning of the meat, the taste and texture of the beans and the rice, the kick of the salsas - everything is the way it should be. The staff is very friendly and the list of offerings is in plain sight, on a chalkboard menu above the counter area. Prices are great! The place is clean and has a very relaxed atmosphere (and the Food Network on the flatscreen at the bar during lunchtime ... very sneaky way of encouraging a big appetite). Nice bar area, and even an outdoor al fresco dining area where you have a view of the Phoenix Mountains. Lots of things to like about this place!
The food wasn't impressive persay. The portion of the meat was much more substantial than Subway but eh, not worth the extra money.It's like a glorified Subway. Seriously. I mean, there are more options and more to look at, but the value isn't worth it in my books.
For a long time I have not gone to KFC and on this night I felt I needed it... I also had to try the Double Down sandwich.... I was greeted with a very friendly staff with prompt fast service. I ordered the Double Down with an order of Coleslaw, Mash Potatoes with gravy and one drum stick... I rate the food as followed.Double Down Sandwich - DColeslaw - B+Mash Potatoes with gravy - B+Drum Stick - BI have always enjoyed some KFC every once in awhile... I was glad I had made this stop I forgot how much I like the Coleslaw and Mash Potatoes with gravy great stuff... I will be back again someday for sure.
If I have to choose a bar on Mill Ave. to goto, I goto Rula Bula. They've got a good selection of beer, food, and plenty of space to chill. I can look past the $2 weekend cover, because I guess compaired to some of the 10-25 dollar covers I've experienced while living in AZ, this ain't so bad.  Sometimes (forgot which days) they have nice live music here. There's a couple that comes in and one of them plays the fiddle really well (They have other non-irish performers as well). I still say they should get somekind of Irish/Celtic jukebox that continiously plays Irish drinking songs or something. I mean, it would be a big improvement on the random mix of hip-hop/techno they do play (when their radio is actually working). I guess asking for more Irish music in an "Irish pub" is pretty silly of me.
went here  today for the lunch buffet with Rand H. and it was amazing!!!! This place is going to my top ten list. I started with a bowl of corn chowder that was very good and then I had  a plate containing green beans with chopped bacon and onions,scalloped potatoes,BBQ pork spareribs and some pickled beets.All were just great.I went back and  got more ribs and the green beans they were awesome.then it was on to the desserts witch are lots to choose from and they are real good. I had this piece of carrot cake that had a solid pineapple top layer on it.Best carrot cake i ever had.i also had this pecan pie square but made with macadamia nuts yummm. They also had apple crumble with real whipped cream that was pretty good.  My lunch was so good this place is going to my top ten list. yum yum yum yum yum yummmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was traveling in the Phoenix market this week, and as a matter of survival I needed to partake in sustenance somewhere.  I fled to my fellow Yelpers for advice, and noca appeared at or near the top of the list each time.My co-worker and I had an altogether nice dining experience at noca.  For a starter, I had the cauliflower soup (due to Sabrina S.'s recommendation and the fact that cauliflower is the sophisticates' broccoli - or so I've heard).  It was very pleasing to the palate and was all the cauliflower I needed for the eve.  I got my fix.  My partner in crime had the house special for the evening - some cheese that started with a 'B' and as described "had the consistency of mozzarella" - with some cheese curds, elephant garlic, and served atop an arugula pesto.  He was 'just ok' about it, but said it was not as good as the server led on.  I believe she called it "indescribably awesome".  It, apparently, failed to meet indescribable, but was still alright.For entrees:  I enjoy a nice red meat, ummm... well, at every meal really.  Cows were domesticated for a reason - for me to eat them.  I ordered the Steak Frites and the steak was cooked to the temperature I prefer (Rare Plus) and to perfection.  *yum*  My compadre ordered the halibut, and this time quite enjoyed his meal.We thought the cotton candy (complimentary) as a palate cleanser between entree and dessert was cute.  We didn't eat any, but it's definitely a dining first for me.  So, kudos to them for that.  We also did not need to order dessert as appy + entree was more than enough.I'm a fan - although everyone keeps talking about their egg dishes... I saw no such thing on a Thursday night.  Perhaps, I shall next time I'm out in this market.The restaurant only gets a '4' instead of a '5' because of the service.  Other tables with different servers seemed pleased and more engaged.  I think we just happened to get the airhead of the bunch.  Oh well, the food made up for her.  But, it does drop them from a '5'. (I'm mean like that, I suppose - but if a '5' is truly perfection... then everything should be perfect).
I lost all interest in going here after a big cockroach crawled across our table a little before the nachos were delivered. And yes, we still ate after seeing that. I left traumatized.
Shame on Zipps for opposing a new Z Tejas at Bethany Home and 16th St,  Afraid of a little competition.
Let me just say, in general I love Subway, always have. Used to work at one as a matter of fact, during my college days back in Austin - the one on the corner of 29th and Guadalupe next to Toy Joy, the best Subway EVER. The problem with Subway is the lack of consistency from store to store. The good ones can be really, really good - super fresh veggies, generous helpings, clean inside...  and the bad ones can be just as bad. Well, this one - the one in the Fry's shopping center on the southeast corner of Ray and Rural, is somewhere in the middle. Can't really rave or complain about any of those things.What did bug me about this particular location were a couple of the employees who insisted on giving me a hard time for not eating meat - especially when I ordered the veggie patty. They made faces when pulling it out of the wrapper, ask me what was in it, get grossed out when I told 'em... and then pretty much challenge my quasi-vegetarian views, which wasn't really why I was there, you know? I just wanted my damn sandwich, no questions asked. Now, that being said, I do have to give them credit for even having the veggie patty on their menu in the first place, as not all Subways across the valley are considerate enough to do so...
After spending the day with my friend Austin, we were starving and came here for lunch.  I've never been here before, and or my first time, I have to say it was pretty darn good.Upon entering, there's two Julios....we went to the smaller one that seems to be more of a fast casual type setting....self serve nachos, fountian pop, and you place your order at the counter.  The other julios is more of a sit down resturant with servers...we wanted a more casual dining experience, so we kept it to Julio toos.I went with the Burro enchilada with shredded beef, rice and refried beans.  Prices here were awesome, and I got a ton of food.  Austin went with the mini chimi's, and I tried a few and they were tasty!!!  yummy.I have enough leftovers for dinner, and was quite full after finishing my meal here at lunch time.   Place is small, well decorated, has an outdoor patio and a wide variety of menu items to choose from.  Will be back in the future for more.
I hit this place up in hour 2 of my 5 hour wait for my flight and ordered the quesadilla.  Came with nacho chips, salsa, guac, and sour cream.  Everything was GOOD.  My final bill was under 10 bucks (I didn't get a beer or anything) and I left very satisfied.Perhaps my favorite part of the establishment was the staff.  The bartender was very nice and outgoing.  We talked sports and stuff.  He's probably used to making small talk with all sorts of weary travelers.  Anyways, it was appreciated.
I have yet to step foot in this place, however I don't need to in order to rate it. A friend of mine said, "I am coming up from Tucson and Rudy's is on the way to your house I am bringing breakfast." OK, well I'm game for anything. He brought the breakfast tacos. First its more like a breakfast burrito its big for a taco. Secondly, it was utterly amazing. Apparently they take the left over brisket and trimmings from the night before, marinate it in BBQ sauce and BAM that's the breakfast taco ingredients. I have been craving another one ever since Friday morning when I had mine.I cannot wait to go try Rudy's for dinner. I have tried Bobby Q's, Famous Daves, Dickey's, and Brian's up in Cave Creek, this was BY FAR the best I have had in the valley!! Highly recommended!
A solid 3.5 stars (I'm Korean and was raised in L.A.,  so my standards are pretty high).  Like Mexican and Chinese food, good Korean food is another thing that is hard to come by in the Valley (near Tempe).  The only places that I think are even worth mentioning are: Chodang, Hodori, and Takamatsu.  All three have their pros and cons. I go to Chodang for their great banchan (side dishes). Always fresh and very tasty.  Their atmosphere is also the best of the three.  Other than those factors I think all three pretty much rank the same in terms of the quality and taste of their food.  Oh, except one more thing, Takamatsu has the best gopchang jigae (intestine hotpot) compared to Hodori's (Chodang does not offer it on their menu), and Chodang has the most limited menu compared to the three.
I was here recently with a few of my friends. Beware: It can be difficult to find this place, as it's a bit hidden away from the main street. Fortunately, one of my friends knew exactly where he was going.This place is a tiny store with no indoor seating. You go in, there's a menu and a glass case full of their (changed daily!) food selection, and you order and pay right there. Water is in a dispenser in the front, and they have glasses for you to serve yourself. At the end of your meal, you just quickly bus your own plates.In terms of service, the ladies working here are great! They're friendly, helpful, conversational, and very generous with the samples. Any questions, feel free to ask them and be enlightened!For food, most of my friends got wraps (custom and the wrap of the day), whereas I had just eaten, so I settled for a small hummus plate with pita bread. Despite being a small, I still got what I thought was a big serving for a very good price (around $5). Extremely good, and I liked their selection of hummus!In general, if you're in the Tempe area and are craving some healthy vegan food, make the effort to find Desert Roots. I definitely want to make a return trip already.
Wow, I can't believe I haven't written a review for Santisi Brothers yet. We've been going to this sports bar for yeeeeeeeears. Not so much for watching sports, but the food is great. My husband loves wings and his favorite are from this joint. He'd marry them if he wasn't already married to me. Unless you come at an off time, it is ALWAYS busy. Service can sometimes be slow, but you can easily keep yourself entertained with the gazillions of TVs or Buzztime games (the trivia ones are my favorite). Once, our server forgot to bring the gamebox my husband requested, so he gave her a B+ on the receipt. She's remembered us each time she's served us since then, and brings the box without us asking. Hahahah.Along with the wings, most everything on the menu that we've tried has been tasty. The pizza is good, as well as the anitpasto salad, chicken caesar salad, minestrone soup and garlic knots! If you're in the mood for BBQ, you MUST have something with Giovanni's sauce - perfectly tangy sweet with a spicy kick. Ribs are my favorite, but it's also awesome on grilled chicken breast or on wings. Beer prices are decent and they have cider on tap - delicioso! There is a room with pool tables and darts, although I've hardly ever sat in that area, plus patio seating out front. Sometimes it's kinda cold inside, but maybe I've just been sitting directly under a vent or something. Regardless, definitely recommend Santisi Brothers!
This is the hole-in-the-wall Mexican against which I judge all others.  This is a frequent lunch spot for me, for $.99 street tacos, gorditas, burritos and the occasional torta (not as good as Tortas El Guero, but good).  Mmm...mole.  Theirs is excellent (chicken, shredded beef, and cheese are the choices for enchiladas).  Forget the tostada, order a sope, with the thick masa "tortilla", topped with chicken or pork al pastor.  If you get a street taco, I highly recommend the beef cabeza - it melts in your mouth like short ribs.  And it's dirt cheap.  We had dinner there tonight, ordered a Pacifico, shredded beef mole enchiladas, a sope, three street tacos and some chips and salsa to go and were $18 lighter (before tip).  No fancy tequilas or margaritas, just great food.
Stopped here for a beer Sunday evening, and while this place has an impressive list of interesting beers, I couldn't get past how depressed or hungover the staff seemed.  Maybe their questionable decision-making was leading to their lack of any interest in what was going on.  Who knows, chalk it up to a case of the Sunday nights.  I'll go back.  I hope everyone is in a better mood.
I'm a sucker for Chicago food from back home but out here in the valley, and Higley Hot Dog has been there for a while providing authentic Vienna Beef Hot Dogs since I went to ASU east campus.Very home town feel, the older couple that owns/runs it are always very nice and happy and having a good time.  And the lunch line there gets long and out the door cause it's so good :)Notes:  Not open on Sundays... and CASH only!The MAP on yelp is/was wrong... here's the correct business profile link on Google Maps - http://is.gd/fn6UThey have some good press already as well:http://www.eastvalleytribune.com/story/123004http://www.insiderpages.com/b/3657327340
I actually really like this place. The portions are not small compared to the price and size of gelato spot. For 1.85 you gt the same amount that you would at g spot for 3.80. I had them dig out the base that they use for the fro yo. Surprisingly it is not that scary , natural for the most part the only thing I saw that was bad was corn sweetener. They ones with name brand candy bars in them have trans fat because the candy bars do. I would be weary of the peanut butter one too because most peanut butter contains partially hydrogenated oils. Almost all the toppings have it too. Thats why I prefer Sweet Republic as all there toppings are homemade. But if you want cheap ? I like the mango rasberry twist.
Wife and I had the Omikase and wine pairing.  Our bill was a whopping $500.  We sat at the counter and enjoyed our visit with Nobu.  Pros - the food was very good (except for a ho hum dessert which was extra I believe) and presentation was beautiful.  The wine and sake pairing was excellent and very generously poured.Cons -  the portions are small, tiny, minuscule.  Even after three hours of eating, still hungry.  Quality usually trumps quantity but this was ridiculous.  My wife does not like raw fish so she asked for the cooked omikase - this turned out to be just my dishes omitting the raw fish.  She got even less food and ended up being hungry and grumpy.Overall, the place is over hyped.  That's a lot of money to pay to sit at a counter and eat not a lot  (albeit mostly tasty) food.  Definitely a foodie "I must follow the herd" place.
Not the best Mexican food I've ever had, but pretty damn close. DEFINITELY the best decor of ANY Mexican place I've ever eaten at, and that's a lot of places. Minus one star as our waiter was on the slow side and not very attentive, especially considering it was not that busy. Great spot...I will return.
We stopped by Caminero Mexican Restaurant the other day for breakfast.  We wanted a change to the "norm" breakfast routine and we found it at Caminero.  They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner and offer dine it and take out.  They are small and a "dive-ish" type of place but serve good food.  I had their huevos con chorizo plate served with re-fried beans, rice and a flour/corn tortilla.  It was a huge plate full of Mexican goodness all for $5.99.  We also had their Mexican omelet which is made using three eggs, green chili's and your choice of meat smothered in their green sauce and cheese.  It too was a lot of food and tasty.They are some what of a "fast food" place but with very good service and they use real plates for their customer's when dinning in, so don't let the "dive-ish" ambiance deter you from trying them.  You won't be disappointed. I'm looking forward to going back very soon for lunch/dinner.  Hope to see you there.
This was my choice for lunch to go last Wednesday.  I have been in this location at least a dozen times.  It always seems to be pretty busy (and noisy).  Today I chose the Sweet Fire chicken and the Honey Walnut shrimp, both items are not on their standard menu.  As usual I got the chow mein with mine, it is easier to eat with chop sticks than rice.  The food and service were fine and I was definitely full when finished.
Hmmmmm, interesting...Evolution and growth?It seems apropos that I was to meet up with fellow Yelpers Lauren V. and Mr. K (aka Omar K.) for a couple drinks on a late Friday afternoon.  This was my first trip back to PHX in roughly three years and was doing a bizarre "visit old friends/places and see new friends/places" kind of trip.  So, with that in mind, Lauren V. and I had been discussing various HH spots and places we liked which the original Postino's was mentioned as a place we both love.  I wasn't sure if I wanted to continue with revisiting the past or do something new...so after much hemming and hawing on my part she made an executive decision to meet up at the new location.  Her choice was perfect in so many ways.Shortly before HH, I looked at the map provided in the B'berry Yelp App and asked my friend Lindra F. If this was near Katz Deli....a sad look was returned and it was explained this IS where Katz Deli was...maaaan, really?  An old Phoenix institution gone?  For a wine bar?  Shit...I was bummed and had a chip on my shoulder coming in...which by the end of the night...dissolved.The remodeled space is a throw back to the Palm Spring-ish modernism of chunky stone and floor to ceiling large pane windows.  Flat lines and clean angles characterize the place but there are enough accents to make the whole place feel seriously intimate.  Basically, the feel is ultra-cool lounge of the late-50's and early 60's.  I like this.  I don't like this everywhere...but I like this here.  It's something of an homage to older Phoenix, and to me, the idea that it replaced Katz (which was born in that era) shows a huge sign of respect and knowledge of the underlying culture of an area.  The quality of the space is top notch as is their understanding of sense of place.Lastly, on the topic of design, the outside patio and the bar servicing it offer great Western views for sunsets.  However, those inside are not robbed of any views either.   The layout offers those with both the same view the patio has (over the bar) and stunning Eastern views as well (saw a great lightning storm on my visit).The wines-well...fantastic of course.  Living now in San Francisco I can say that Postino's can enter into any upper echelon of San Francisco wine bars.  The servers know their stuff and the beers are great too....Anchor Steam Celebration Ale on tap every Winter makes me ridiculously happy and impressed.The grub...just like the original..fantastic.  You can rarely go wrong with anything on the menu.Postino's offers the prime place to have some quality wine and grub while chatting it up with new or old friends.  If I lived nearby I'd be here at least once a week....which leads me to the dissolving of that aforementioned chip on my shoulder.  I was getting tired of the pervasive thought in the Valley of just demolishing the past and throwing something new in its place for the sake of something new.  I was very worried about that here...especially in almost hallowed ground of Katz Deli.  However, what I came to find is a well planned slow growth of a high quality establishment who designed the space as an homage to the past but showed a enticing view of some of Phoenix's future.Thanks to Lauren V. for the rec...you were spot on.
Crazy Otto's thank you for being my 100th review!!I would also like to thank my wife and family and all the little people (you know who you are)  that made all this possible.  So many sacrifices always putting family and friends before Yelp reviews, but now I have hit the big time!  Thank you so much.  Mom this one's for you!Crazy Otto's: very cool place.  This is not a light eating foo-foo euro fusion breakfast bistro, this is the real deal.   I would have to say Otto's has the biggest breakfasts I have ever had.  I had the half order cheddar and bacon omelet (3 eggs) and skipped on the regular order (6 eggs!) omelet.  It was so good, so greasy, yet so good.  Hey you have to die of something in life right, why not go out with a Crazy Otto Omelet and delicious crispy hash browns?They filled our coffee like 5 times w/o us even asking (and it was very busy), the bathrooms were very very clean, and the service was quite friendly.  I saw someone order the pancakes, they were the size of automobile tires, well half that size but I have never seen pancakes that looked so good and so big!Great little breakfast find and reasonable too.  Highly recommended!  I need a nap now.
I'm a transplanted Texas girl from Austin. I was craving a taste of home and saw reviews for this place. The atmosphere is great, the waitress was amusingly surly. Sadly the food was terrible. I don't understand actually having a disclaimer on your menu that you don't season your meat?! However that would explain the ridiculous amount of condiments at the table. I ordered the chicken fried steak and was saaaaaadddly disappointed. It is NOT authentic to not season this dish. It literally tasted like a cube steak dipped in a flour/water paste then deep fried. No self-respecting Texan would do this, and you certainly wouldn't add pepporcini pepper sauce or Cholula sauce to a real CFS!  The meat was not the only thing unseasoned, the chicken tenders, potatoes, biscuits and pretty much everything else was tasteless and so bad I couldn't eat it and I LOOOOVE anything fried, so this is pretty bad. We actually felt kind of bad for them when they saw how much food was on the table and we didn't want a take home box.   I advise they add salt & pepper at the least.
The best thing about this place is the bartender, Mark.The next best thing is the appetizer type food. especially the potato "chips" with feta cheese and hot sauce and the bacon wrapped scallops. Check the website for 1/2 off food times, otherwise it's a little pricey.
I blab back & forth with Yelp friends every day, & never has any restaurant gotten as many personal recommendations to me as this one!  Every couple of days, someone will say, "Have you ever tried Z's Greek?"  Well, I don't usually have business over in this part of town, but my curiosity finally got the best of me & I whipped in here today for lunch.This is a simple, comfortable place.  It holds about 40 people, plus more seating on a covered patio out front.   There were 2 TVs (always a minus to me), but they were turned down & pleasant Greek music played at reasonable volume.  I ordered a Lamb Souvlaki Combo, & I chose a Greek Salad for my side, & serve-yourself Lemonade.  The service was friendly, & the salad was fully medium size, made with lettuce, tomato, bell pepper squares, Greek dressing, LOTS of crumbled cheese on top, & finished off with a Greek olive.  Nice!  My Souvlaki could have used a bit more lamb, but it was delicious & this was a very nice lunch!     :-))Lamb Souvlaki Combo $7.95 including beverage.
This is as good as it gets for the Phoenix Valley, Brings authentic feel, with its service, design and especially food. Treat your self to Chinese food they way it should be prepared.  Menu is very large and has authentic dishes so bring a friend with knowledge.By service I mean you feel like your at a Chinese restaurant the staff is not there to make you feel like fine dinning. I mean they don't speak a lot of English and are fast to serve but fast to vanish.  Sat and Sunday treat your self to dim sum. This is "a touch of heart" eating a very traditional Chinese style eating.  Dishes are brought out in small quantities of delight.
I could literally spend an entire day at this 99cents only store. It's clean. They play awesome music. They have pretty much everything and anything your heart desires. Even produce. Yes, I said produce!!Seriously, I have been to dollar stores a million times, even other 99 cents only, and I really think this is the best dollar store I have ever been to!!Party supplies, health and beauty items, spices, dry food, frozen food, produce, house cleaners, plates, cups, candles, books, pool toys, candy, cooking instruments, Tupperware, bottled water, diet pills, q-tips, painting supplies, school supplies, batteries... the list goes on and on, and nothing is more than 99 cents.I would highly recommend hitting the 99 cents only store up prior to Walmart or the grocery store because you can save yourself a ton of loot, and honestly, the products are the same quality because they come from overstock and are actually the same products (most of the time). I know the idea of produce from the dollar store sounds crazy, but its been really good and fresh!!It's also a cheap way to waste away an afternoon with free A/C!!
Visiting my mom in Chandler, I had a hankering for teriyaki. My mom said Mikado had a great lunch special, so we went.If your idea of "special" is warm spicy tuna rolls and chicken that tastes like someone made it in a toaster oven, then Mikado is pretty damn special.I like my teriyaki very saucy, very sweet and a bit charred. No such luck.I can't think of a single thing they did right.I suppose the price was OK: $7.95 for teriyaki, white rice, miso soup, a small salad and a four-piece spicy tuna.
I've driven by this Filibertos many many times, considering I live right around the corner.  I finally got around to stopping in.At first, it looks like a mexican sonic.  seriously.  they have a walk up window, a drive through, and some tables outside to eat at.  I checked out the menu, and decided that I wanted the breakfast burrito...the Macaba or something...I got mine with shredded beef.  Holy crap was this thing big!  HUGE!  It was only $4 after tax, and I was STUFFED.  Plus, they made it while I waited in my car, so it was fresh.I really liked it here.  I like thier menu and they have lots of options.  Prices are great, and I really feel like you get a lot of food for very reasonable prices.  No, this place is not fancy, and its basically drive through Mexican, but its tasty, and very filling.
Although a bit of a drive, The English Rose Tea Room was well worth it! This was the perfect place for my sister and I to spend a morning brunch on my birthday, yet I hear advanced reservations for any size party is a must, as they are constantly booked for special occassions. Service was excellent and this experience felt much more "authentic" than high tea at a resort. With its extremely pink and girly atmosphere, it's safe to say that you might wanna leave the guys at home :)The tea was exceptionally good. We got the "Paris" which was a black tea infused with caramel and blackcurrent, what they call a house favorite. The waitress kindly refilled our pot with hot water (they use loose leaves, so it can last up to 2 pots). I highly suggest the Tea for Two special. It comes with a 3-tiered rack of 3 types of tea sandwiches, scones, and various desserts. Most people next to us got salads, which looked equally yummy.In addition, they also have a chest full of numerous ornate hats to wear while enjoying your tea. This was too fun!
Now, I don't know much about this menu... I'll admit.  For all I know, their roast beef could taste like a butt.  That's very possible as I haven't ventured far outside of my comfort zone.Here's the thing:  I'm a creature of habit when it comes to certain places and I have no idea why.  Other places, every time I go there, I get something different.  This is one of those places where I order, more or less, the same goddamn thing I always get:  Their hotdogs.  The guy working there looks pissed when he's not taking your order.  He's got this handlebar mustache and kind of looks up and looks like he could beat the shit out of me.  Once you order, he instantly, WOOSH! becomes really nice.  It's like when he's not taking someone's order or doing something productive, he's angry.  I like his face.  Something about it.  Some people have a face you like or a face you hate.When I ordered the hotdogs, he asked if I wanted them with everything on it.  I think he said they were Chicago-style but I can't remember.  At this point he knows what I likes.  I took the dogs back to work, opened them up and dug in and MAN... holy shit.  I had never had a hotdog with cucumber before.  It's fucking BRILLIANT, man!  It cools you down and the spicy mustard heats you up.  Oldtown Deli is close to where I work, in a decent location in Scottsdale if you were around there or happen to be driving by.  Check it out and get the hotdogs, dude.  If you like hotdogs, you'll be happy.
This place was absolutely amazing. I was there alone on a sunday afternoon and I was treated like royalty. I orderd the Green Chile pulled pork sandwich and it was the best sandwich I have ever had. -The egg bun was the best part. My server Lexi was knowledgeable and fun, she even reccomended a great cocktail that was thouroughly enjoyed.
Everytime I visit my uncle in Apache Junction, we sample at least one of the Phoenix  Metro Area's finest epicurean adventures. On this visit, we selected Cowboy Ciao, based on the outstanding rating and reviews in Yelp. Yelpers, you didn't let us down! This is absolutely THE BEST place we've experienced on all of our sojourns, and we've been to some really good places! There's lots of good stuff to talk about, but the food was so out-of-this-world, let's focus on that. We started with the Mini Mushroom Pan Fry, a smaller version of their "signature dish". The ancho sauce was so incredible that we ordered a ciabatta, not because we really wanted bread, but it would have been criminal to leave even a drop of the sauce behind. Next we had a special appetizer, seared scallops with a shrimp bisque. The scallops were melt-in-your-mouth perfect and the bisque became the next target for the ciabatta, which itself was served with two absolutely delicious olive spreads. We couldn't imagine the dinner getting any better than what was already perfect, but our main courses delivered! We both had the duck breast, a new addition to the menu, replacing the Duck Duck Duck. The duck breast was prepared expertly, rare on the inside, with crisp skin, and bathed in another killer sauce, this time ancho-orange. All remaining scraps of ciabatta were used to wipe our plates clean. We washed all of this incredible food down with a bottle of 2002 K Vintners Syrah, a steal at $62. Their wine list is the largest I have ever seen, but our attentive waiter, Bryan, recommend the K Vintners, and we savored every drop. Bryan was very knowledgeable about the menu and deftly guided us through our completely over-the-top dining experience. Alas, there was no room for any of the many interesting and tasty-sounding desserts. Next time we'll have to plan ahead for those! And there will be a next time...and another...and another...
This place is not all the hype! Chicken was a little greasy. Sides were bland. Really the "eggo"-ish waffles were not great either. The grape kool-aid was all sugarfied! Tip: Go to Church's chicken and make your own waffle.
I don't even know where to begin...  We came in on Wednesday and really enjoyed our food and service.  We enjoyed it so much that we decided to return last night (Sunday).  It was clearly busier than it had been during the day, however, the experience was not what we had hoped for.  We checked in with the hostesses and were told the wait would be 15-35 minutes.  We decided to put our name on the list and grab a drink at the bar.  They don't have pagers so we wanted to stick near by in hopes a table would open up.  It took nearly 10 minutes for the bartenders to notice us at the end of the bar waiting to order a drink.  I will say, we all enjoyed our margaritas but the wait was a little much.  As we finished up our drinks, we realized we had been waiting for 45 minutes at this point.  Checked with the hostess stand and they said another 10-15 minutes.  Waiting.. waiting.. waiting.. another 25 minutes went by and then we were seated.  We were surprised because we noticed multiple vacant tables where we were seated and wondered why we had not been seated sooner, knowing we could have been in and out by this point.  We first thought, perhaps they were all reserved?  But we did not see anyone sit at any of these at any point.  We started off with the guacamole and then ordered our entrees.  Our server returned quite some time after we had ordered our entrees and let us know one of the items we had ordered had been 86'd for the night.  We wondered why it not only took him this long to let us know, but why our entree orders were being put in after so much time had elapsed at this point.. There were three people at our table and one persons order came out first.  The server was apologetic but she finished her entire meal before mine and the other persons came out.  The timing could not have been more off.  The food was not as great as the first time and neither was our experience.  Our server was kind but full of excuses.  Two of us at the table work in a restaurant and understand things happen and problems do occur.  However, we both felt it could have been handled much better.  We won't be rushing back here anytime soon, if at all.
Um, thanks yelpers for the LIES! So i woke up from a nap today and me and the little child growing inside of me NEEDED a burrito. I told the bf to get on yelp and Someburros showed up with tons of reviews and a good amount of stars.We arrive at Someburros and I see a good number of people inside so I'm thinking there's hope.. I've finally found a good mexican place in Arizona! But HAH! was I wrong.... let me break it down for you:-I ask the girl if she has what I've been craving.. a big carne asada burrito. You know, the kind you can get at all other normal mexican restaurants? She says "oh we don't have carne asada here, we only have shredded beef and ground beef". (UH wtf?)-we order a shredded beef burrito with some kind of sauce, then we ask what comes in it.. the girl says "just meat and sauce". We ask if we can put anything else in it and she says no. We look at the menu and all of their burritos have basically nothing in them!- We realize that their burritos are basically giant soft taquitos, so we order this deep fried chicken burrito thing that's on sale on Wednesdays because it looked like it had the most ingredients in it. -The chicken thing comes out, and for being "on sale" for 5 dollars, it was pretty small for the price.I left full, but unhappy. It's definitely better than that nasty Filibertos, but at least Filibertos has carne asada!! If anyone knows of a good place to get a burrito, PLEASE send me a message.
After a trip to the Market, I was roped into trying a short leash dog. I generally as a rule of thumb, refuse to eat hot dogs, but I decided to make an exception, because Sean S. said they were sooooo good. I decided to have a vegetarian dog with mango chutney, jalapeño, and mayo. It was pure heaven and served on a delicious piece of naan. Kudos to the creativity of the dog topping combinations. The combinations are named after the owners pets, dogs none the less - how cute is that? Delicious, filling, and unique. What more can I say? Stop by the Market on Wednesday night or Saturday morning and try one for yourself!
My wife has been raving about these burgers for a couple months now, a regular lunch destination for her and her friends.  We were out n about running errands today and she had the brilliant idea to stop here for a quick lunch.I ordered the bacon avacado burger (no cheese please) at her recommendation, she had the sourdough burger, and Vinnie (our roomate/adopted son) had the King Kong burger - no fries today.My burger was delicious!  Lot of tomato, lettuce and avacado, a nice juicy beef patty and a good bun, thoughtfully cut in half for easy eating.  I loved it, but could only eat half... good thing vinnie was there!Of course I had a bite of her burger and it was also delicious, in fact I will be ordering that next time!I didn't sample Vinnie's burger cuz that would be wierd... but lets just say the name does not lie!  2 beef patties, cheese, lettuce, tomato (Vinnie says "fuck that"), pickles, pastrami, topped off with a generous helping of bbq beef.  WOW... he finished it, then I offered him the other half of my avacado burger... which he reluctantly ate... well not that reluctantly.  Hehe... he said he could've eaten more but was satisfied.  I will be going back - gotta have the rest of the family try this... YUM!
Bordering on 3.5.  It's all you can eat sushi and seafood for $16.The sushi was bland and dry.  The crab legs and cocktail shrimp were the best things here. They also have fried crab, fried shrimp, scallop on the shell, cooked salmon/white fish, bbq pork, short ribs, roasted duck, sausage, Korean bbq ribs, teriyaki chicken and grilled octopus.For dessert, they had 6 different flavors of ice cream, chocolate cake, strawberry cake, flan, angel cake and cookies -- all mediocre. This place is fine for the price and selection, but I doubt you're coming here for quality.  Next time, spandex pants.
TBC has become a bit of a Scottsdale landmark over the past few years...I use it as a navigation landmark when I have people meeting me in town."Go north on Scottsdale Road and if you see 75 hung over people dressed in Affliction tee shirts and sequined mini-dresses, standing on a street corner waiting for a mediocre breakfast, you've gone too far...in so very many ways".I live (for another few weeks, at any rate) pretty close to TBC and yet, I don't really "go to there" very often (or at all) if I can avoid it.I just don't look good in Affliction...or a sequined mini-dress.In addition, the food and service have left me cold (much like my last omelet at TBC a few weeks ago) on my infrequent visits.But the amusement factor provided by TBC is (for me at least) quite high, and for that, I'm grateful!I've been twice in the past year...once for lunch, out of renewed curiosity (I was headed to another spot for lunch and saw a couple reading a menu outside another restaurant and discussing their lunch preferences in loud Scottish accents "I dinna want a fookin TACO, Angela...I wanna go to the fookin Breakfast Club!").That was almost a year ago...and I went once for breakfast, recently, because the Beautiful Carin likes TBC.And what Carin wants, Carin gets!But both visits featured mediocre food (esp. for the price) and mediocre service (at any price).My last visit also featured an apparently broken exhaust duct that runs under the booths at the north end of the place.Hot, humid cooking exhaust, coming up through the seams in the upholstery, steamy cooking aroma's wafting around me from below...I was about to call Guinness because I thought I was setting a new world record for sustaining a fart!But the aromatic breeze didn't stop! And even though I'm close to senility, I eventually realized that it wasn't me!Our server was uninterested in this turn of events (when I let her know what was happening)...apparently I'm past the age when a 22 year old "model" (who happens to be slingin' hash) needs to pay any attention to me...even when they are theoretically being paid to do so!Maybe she wasn't being paid enough to listen to me...that's probably why some hookers get $2-3,000 an hour...to listen...bareback.At any rate, I was going to add a star to my review, since the warm air enema felt so darn nice, but what other restaurant can compete with that?It wouldn't be fair!TBC is clearly a club that doesn't need me as a member, and I'm OK with that.
Dinner Crawl in Surprise. It's Panda  Express.  This is fast food imitation Chinese food!! It's good for what it is.  Want upscale, go to Pei Wei, that's not good enough, go to PF Changs! (see where I'm going with this?!) It's Panda Express, get the green bean chicken, feel good about being nice and leaving an honest review.. ;)
Its sat morning, and I have a full day of housecleaning on the menu for the kids and I, so I thought well lets go get breakfast before the fun starts. Woke up my teens and told them let's go, they have never been so I was looking forward to taking them.We got to our table and I noticed from my last trip there, they no longer have the cinnamon sugar covered tortilla chips :( I was looking forward to them! Now my son, he is a different type of fella, doesn't always go with the group, he ordered a yogurt parfait, I though um really? But when he got it, it was beautiful it had blueberries, strawberries and came with a blueberry scone.  He was happy.My daughter ordered the biscuit and gravy, she loved every bite! I ordered the wild west burrito that came with refried beans, inside the burrito was potatoes, carne asada, eggs, pico de gallo and I had it topped with red & green sauce.  OK no one told me that it was going to be huge, my yogurt eating son had to help me, I gave him  1/2 of it, and he loved it! I have to say I am a fan of their green sauce! Another great meal at Brunchies! Look forward to coming back again!
I would like to start with 'I LOVE the food here'.  It is one of my absolute favorite lunch spots.  So why the two stars you ask??  Because 95% of the time our order is wrong.  When we are dining at the restaurant  it isn't that big of a deal, it is when we order to go that it is extra annoying.  The funny thing about it is that we always order a 'build your own sub'.  So it isn't like we are being super picky and changing orders around!!  It has gotten to the point where we won't order to go anymore and we are hesitant about going because it is pain to always send our orders back.  Such a shame too, because this place could be great!
4/18/12Very, very good late lunch/early dinner meal for me, and it all started with a classic mojito.  Not the Garden mojito on the specialty cocktails menu that has cucumber in it (allergy).  Just a mojito made from a well rum, in this case Bacardi.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=9-cZ-SOtiX2ihwdrCs2FrQ  $6 during happy hour.  And it's a good one!  Fresh, muddled mint, a bit of lime juice, a spritz of ginger ale, sugar, and rum.  Initially I thought it a bit too sweet (from the ginger ale, instead of carbonated soda) but perhaps the alcohol content had something to do with my change of mind... :)I was considering a bruschetta plate with two cheeses, but decided against it when I had a look at the dessert menu.  Nope, I'm just going to have a small plate of Pesto chitarra ($10) and perhaps the cherry zeppole later.  I have to tell you, I've been dreaming about this pasta dish for years, since the first time I saw another Yelper post a picture of it somewhere.  Years!!  And today's dish did not disappoint.  No, not at all.  You'd think after a few years' buildup on how spectacular this plate looks, I might not enjoy it so much, but I was happy with it.  Yep, I'm just going to come out and say it-- I ate the whole thing!  Every "guitar" string, all the grape tomato halves (which, honestly, wasn't hard to do, since there were only two whole pieces to speak of), each and every grated parmesan-coated pine nut, and all of the pesto sauce. I may have left some charred bits of the toasted focaccia bread on the plate, but what wasn't charred I used to sop up all of that pesto-infused EVOO.  The entire entree was off the hook!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=wYz23WxyjrTKUXsSUwnKSw  Now, this is where any practical and health-conscious person would say, "Ok, I've had enough.  I can't eat another bite."  But, I can't be practical.  Not when I'm half-way through my mojito!  So, I went ahead and ordered the zeppole ($6.50), and it took more than a few minutes to arrive, but I wasn't in a hurry.  When the six little Italian puffs of sugar-coated fresh-fried dough arrived, accompanied by two small pots of almond crema and Maker's Mark bourbon mascarpone, I knew I was in for a treat!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=0-sLOjmoMEBkWAcTZyHskQ  Even before I took a bite, I could detect the scent of cherries that were inside the fried moulds of dough, some of which you could see peeking through the sparkling sugar crystals.  And yes, I ate all six of them, and all of the almond crema.  There was no doubt that the mascarpone contained bourbon- it's pretty strong, and I didn't mind it, not at all, especially when you combine it with the almond, but had I known just how much i'd enjoy the almond crema, I'd have them give me two pots of it, instead of the mascarpone.  Now I know.4.25 stars.  Can't wait to go back!
Walk into The Blue Moose around 4:00 pm on a Saturday in March and it'll be hard to find a seat. Why you ask? Because this hidden dive is a spring training hot spot and for several good reasons. I like The Blue Moose because it's off the beaten path and nestled in the Civic Center park. It's pretty much your typical dive bar. You can spend a good amount of time playing pool or watching sports on one of the 10+ flat screens. Oh and did I mention the specials? Try, $8 for a bucket (4 to a bucket) of domestic beer. And for imported, it's only $12 for a bucket. Not bad right? They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers. Typical bar food, but you don't have to be blacked out to enjoy it. I love that I can eat and drink here and not go into overdraft protection along the way. The Blue Moose is awesome for large groups due to the selection of indoor and outdoor space. The bar was recently the start and finish line for a 5k around town and a good 100+ people gathered here with plenty of room leftover for the other visitors. So whether you want to stop by after spring training, enjoy a couple drinks with friends or shoot some pool and watch the game, The Blue Moose is a great dive bar option in Scottsdale. Too many people forget about the hidden moose in the corner of Old Town, so let's do something to fix that!
The dishes at Rice Paper (overall) are fresh, tasty, and healthy. The sauces are exceptional. It's hard to choose between the ginger miso and peanut hoisin, but either one is good enough to eat with a spoon... however, lick-worthy dips can't quite bring a place back from the depths of intolerable service.Holy hell, the service... not just bad, but weird. Really weird. In three visits, not one has been free of something bizarre and unacceptable.The first time I came to Rice Paper was when it first opened. The food was good! The atmosphere was pleasant! The guy talking to us the entire time was not! I don't know if he worked there or partially owns the place, but he had some kind of authority and some nerve not to let us chew in peace. Maybe I'm just mildly antisocial towards strangers while in the middle of eating a soft shell crab salad and can't appreciate those kinds of interactions, but regardless, it didn't deter me from trying again.The second time I went, a gluten-free friend was amongst my companions. The waiter claimed a bunch of things were gluten-free, then kept going back to the kitchen to check, and it repeatedly turned out that they weren't. When the waiter finally figured out something gluten-free for our friend to order, everything was fine. Until he became violently ill later that day. Lesson: if it's not gluten-free, it's better not to lie.The most recent time I visited Rice Paper was on a date. We sat in the only free spot, next to a boisterously loud couple who appeared to be talking with an owner. After a cilia-damaging cackle emerged from the table, I turned around with a rather blank, dismayed expression. Then I turned back to my date and said, "Should we find another table?" The owner approached us, grabbing my shoulder, and said "Do you have something to complain about, too?" I was shocked and can't remember the rest of the conversation, other than that she grabbed my shoulder and squeezed it twice more. She better have been drunk... I mean, WHAT THE ACTUAL F$%&. I almost left right then, and if it weren't for the peanut hoisin sauce, I probably would have.
Remind me never to drive thru here again. If I check-in again - shoot me. I'm not a huge fan of Sonic, except I like their limeades and crushed ice. I've never been to this location before and I won't recommend it.The service was fine. The gentleman who took our order was patient and nice. However, whoever prepared the food didn't prepare it as we ordered it. I asked for no mayo and got mayo. That pretty much ruins the burger. How can you take mayo off? Yuck. My daughter's chicken whatevers (bits? pieces? nuggets?) caused her to ask "Is this chicken?" She's 10, and not that picky. So that must have been pretty bad.I thought it interesting that the drive thru guy encouraged me to fill out the survey to be entered for a drawing for a free something or other. Why? Because he didn't give my daughter any honey mustard sauce after he attentively asked how many packets she wanted. I usually don't fill out those surveys. I may start now...Nice drive-thru guy. But absent-minded (I suppose we all have those days.)Good slushes and limeade. (This would be the only reason I'd come back.)Bad food.
At work we received two large boxes of brownies from Fairytale Brownies.  It was a large assortment, encompassing everything from Espresso Nib to Walnut to Pecan to Carmel to Mint, to....If I'm going to pick a dessert worthy of dreams, the answer is not likely to be brownies.  Usually the first bite or two are good, then I'm done.  Apparently there's a major exception to that rule and Fairytale Brownies has found a way to win my heart.  I ate far more than my fair share of these little things.  I can't fathom how much they cost, but they were absolutely, wonderfully delicious.
While one of the healthier choices in Arizona, I wasn't impressed with their food, nor their service. I've only been to the one in Chandler.While the fare isn't terrible, I just don't find it overly flavorful. I've had the hummus, and the lavosh salmon wrap. The wrap was pretty disappointing for me.I'll probably go again just to see if something else on the menu will wow me. And if my opinion changes, I will come back & update.
I owe 2 of my 5 stars to timing alone.  I've enjoyed reading my fellow Yelper reviews on this place, and understand the mixed bag.  Had our timing not been lucky, perhaps my 2nd-only 5-star rating would be down to a 3.5 or 4.  I hear you out there, with the concerns of service, sitting way too close to someone else, Noca always being out of at least one item (happened to us the other night, also), etc.  I get this.  However, I do my best to try not talking myself into hating something before I give it a shot.  I don't wrinkle my nose at a previously opened bottle of wine from 5 minutes ago and claim that it's "turned" and demand a fresh bottle.  And despite my God-given right of sending a $35 plate back to the kitchen if it isn't prepared correctly; I think I've only done this once in my life.  And I felt like a douchebag when I did.We arrived early (around 5:20ish), without reservation.  I asked if they had a table open, jokingly, because we were the only people there.  Of course they were ALL reservered, but they had seating on the patio.  Fine by us.  And that made the dinner great, despite being seated in the parking lot and wondering why, and who, would park their burgundy circa 1986 Chysler New Yorker right there on the curb and leave it.  These minor things aside, we had the patio to ourselves, which meant not having to sit on top of other guests and/or listen to their inane conversations.  It was perfect.  And then the food came.We started with the clam chowder and shared.  Awesome.  Rich, artery-clogging, heavy-cream and butter filled bowl of awesome.  With bacon.  Everything's better with bacon.  My gal ordered the pasta special of the day, and I dove in to the pork belly with risotto.  Easily, hands down, the most tender pork I've ever eaten anywhere.  I am not a risotto connoisseur, I mean, I know when something tastes awesome, but I haven't traveled around and experienced the risotto tours of the valley.  What I do know is that this was like eating a smooth, cheesy cloud with an egg atop.  Paired with the pork belly, I was stuffed but wanted more.  Immediately.We cleaned our plates, were drinking our drinks and then came the purple bouffant wig of cotton candy.  What?  Seriously, it would have fed a table of 8.  Outside of that cotton candy experience, I think the one and only other time I've had cotton candy was at the state fair when I was in junior high or something.  It was a nice touch, but entirely over the top for a table of 2.  Just spin a little of it, put it in a ramekin and that would suffice.  But I still had to go with the homemade donuts for dessert, with the caramel, chocolate and blueberry dipping sauces.  3 small donuts, 3 small donut holes.  Perfect.  And 2,000 calories ingested.Food - excellent!Patio to ourselves - excellent!I almost don't ever want to go back because I wonder if they'll hit this pinnacle again.  But we sure hope so.
Upon first impressions, not that impressed. After a few minutes, I'm in love. The bartneders qere amazing, hooking it up with much needed shots and a free beer when he forgot to change the keg. The bartenders love to joke around and it seems like there are a lot of regulars. Always a good sign...I would give this place five stars if I had the food, they have tomato soup. Alas, I was out with the biggest tool in N Scottsdale and apparenty I didn't deserve a meal with this horrible "date" because I wanted to leave so I could watch It's Always Sunny. Best decision of my life!Also, a warning to all Armadillo employees, I may attempt to steal that big red chest in the Women's bathroom. It may take a few attempts, and I may get arrested, but I have to have it!
After having the day off yesterday, I decided to catch up on a few things that I've been neglecting since getting my new job.  One of which was scrapbooking. I came here to grab lunch after picking up some much needed scrapbook supplies, and wanted a bite to eat.I've eaten here before, but not in some time.  The place is actually pretty good, believe it or not.  Its a small, intimate kind of place, that serves and sells some great breads, along with a few sandwiches to eat in house or carry out.  They have half sandwiches that you can get for around $4.50, with a nice selection of freshly baked bread, along with whole sandwiches for $7.50.  This price includes chips and a drink.I went with a half sandwich, on toasted white bread.  I really liked it!  Pop was refillable as long as you ate in, and service was a okay.  If your in the area, and would like a really cute, independant place to eat at, stop by and grab a bite to eat.
I love this place and my twins do too.  They are like the Pavlov dogs, as soon as they are done with their lunch at the restaurant next door, they walk out and immediately scream for ice cream, well gelato.  My little boy is expanding his horizons, he requested a taste of a different flavor and he picked his own flavor the last time we were there.  I guess pretty soon I will have no say in a lot of thing.  Not sure I am cool with that.  I wish they would allow two flavors in the small cup like at my favorite gelato joint.
Around 8 PM my roommates and I are hungry, not wanting to cook, so we decide on pizza. This Pizza Hut is a stone's throw from our house and we have a coupon, sounds simple enough.WRONG.After ordering online, I pull up to Pizza Hut around 8:30 and walk up to the door.It's locked. Confused, I try the other door. Locked. There's a boy inside sweeping. He looks at me, I gesture to the door, and he then continues to sweep. Huh?I walk back to my car and look up the phone number on my GPS, there is no answer, so I drive home. I get to the house and tell my roommates what happened, so we pull up the online order and see if we were able to order due to a glitch, since they were obviously closed. 9 PM closing time. It's now about 8:45 or so, and my phone rings as we are still looking at the computer. "Hey this is... from Pizza Hut.. are you going to pick up your pizza?"Um...I tried.."Okay.. so how long will it take you to get here?"Um...5 minutes I guess...I drive back and walk up to the door. The door is still locked, that kid in the corner is still sweeping. I knock loudly on the door and three people appear from the back kitchen area. "Sorry about the mix up, we upgraded your order for you."Open the box- instead of the Supreme Pizza Mia we ordered is a very old looking pepperoni stuffed-crust pizza.Huh?"So the total is $16.25."What? Is this happening?.. Um I'm not paying for this...Everyone looks at everyone awkwardly, but the kid in the corner keeps sweeping."Oh.. Okay..hold on."The man in a tie, who I assume is the manager goes into the back and grabs one of their new pasta dishes, and puts it on top of the unwanted pizza."Tell you what- Dinner is on me today, miss, have a great night."Um.. okay.. Thanks...Never got an explanation for the bizarre first trip and more importantly never even got the pizza we ordered.Drove back home.
its really no surprise that this place has GREAT buttermilk pancakes.gonna makes this quick: came here for brunch with a friend and we shared the salmon & california scrambler.  both were pretty decent.  i liked the california scrambler better tho, it had more kick to it.i was expecting a long line/wait for a saturday morning brunch, we were seated rather quickly.i'll tell u this, it sure beats ihop or dennys.
If there was such a thing as zero stars- this place would be it! A friend a I went for Restaurant week and the food was nothing to ever go back to. We had the crab "cakes" which I am surprised they can even get away with calling it that- more like fried crab and mayonnaise balls. Then, we had both had a Chili and Coffee rubbed Scallops. They cut the scallops in half to make it look like more, dunked them in a oil bath and then poured coffee grinds and chili paste all over... mmm yummy!!! The best part of the meal comes with the check: they neglected to tell us that after a month of being in business, they still have not connect their American Express machine. When we went to pay, the server said "ohh we can't take that yet." To which my friend and I argued that we should have been notified ahead of time, what if we have nothing else to pay with?? The conversation gets so ridiculous that the manager comes over and tells us it's not his fault and there is nothing he can do so I will have to pay for the entire meal with cash or another credit card. "I told my servers to tell each table" he said. I'm pretty sure that's not a good enough explanation. I am sparing you tons of heated details... the bottom line is I give this place 5 months tops and it will be donzo!
This place is awesome.  It is truly one of the best restaurants I have ever been to.The atmosphere is so inviting; it is almost like home.  There is even a little waiting area that feels like a living room.The service was outstanding, friendly, accommodating, polite, and not at all stuffy.The whole thing has a very modern feel to it right down to the food, which consists of small and larger (sharable) plates.  The food is just fantastic.  I recommend the following:Cheese Curds: a light snack to start off and they are AMAZING.Brussels Sprouts: I don't like Brussels sprouts but I like these Brussels sprouts.Shrimp Po-Boys: FantasticChicken& Waffles: LoLo's it is not but the fried chicken is delicious.  It's more of a Italian style than a southern one: light and crisp, not battered and fatty, but delicious for sure.Lamb Meatballs: Really exceptional; don't pass these upI wasn't as blown away by the mac and cheese as others seem to be.  Maybe this is worth a try though but it wasn't my thing.The drinks are also excellent.  All of them are thoroughly homemade.  They make one of the best Dark & Stormy's ever.GO NOW!
Wow, the food here is so good and very cheap. Our Family ate here under $20 and had so much food left over. Plan on waiting a little bit for your food as everything is cooked fresh as you order it. But it is definitely worth the wait. Everything we ordered was delicious. We asked the owner / waiter what to recommend & tried a variety of items. The tamales & beans we the best restaurant tamales I have ever had, they will keep us going back for more!
The ideal customer for this store is someone who is heavily armed and who has the patience of Ghandi. You would need both to safely navigate the waters of this disastrous store.This is the nearest grocer for downtown residents, and it is sad that this store misses the mark by such a huge margin.On any day, the parking lot is covered in grease, coffee, and trash. IF by some miracle you are able to get inside without being hit up for money by tweakers, then the heavens are smiling on you.Once inside the store, your adventure is just starting. The characters inside the store are the inspiration for the bar scene in Star Wars. Very random and sketchy. As far as the contents of the store, to be fair they have all the stuff you need, and at a reasonable price point.The huge problem here, is everything else. During peak hours, they have very few lanes open, that is a consistent failure with this store. Customer service is also dead here, and they just don't know how to take care of customers. I feel as though the broken window theory is at play here. It seems like because they don't take care of the parking lot, and other details, the whole place goes to hell. The store also has a serious shoplifting problem. I'm not sure if they just don't staff the loss prevention unit, or if they are inept, but I have seen at least four episodes where a cashier is confronting a thief. It makes for an unsafe situation for everyone. They do have private security there, and the guys seem really nice, but clearly in over their heads. At this point the store is so far gone, they really need off-duty police officers to make it safe.It really seems like this store just doesn't give a shit. At each opportunity to impress, the complete opposite happens. This place is a huge safety problem, and I would hate to have my sisters or Mom go to this place, it's really that shady. See for yourself, but be on your toes.
This place is aggravating.I think it's because when you hear of Mexican food in the Phoenix Metro area... this is place ALWAYS gets mentioned... and WHY?? ugh, aggravating!And then you go... and are like "Okay... I can see it, the duck pond is purty." and then u enter and are stared at by every half drunk person in the bar and are then shown to your table. It's a little busy and people seem to be enjoying themselves.... alright, another good sign of goodness to come. The chips and salsa are even decent.... and then the server comes. And she can BARELY speak a word of English... you try and try and still can't understand her and then u just give up and point to the menu like you're some drunken college student stopping off at Denny's before heading back to the dorm after a CRAZY night at the frat house! She writes some stuff down and then after what feels like an eternity, she plops down a HUGE plate of whatever you ordered and all it's rubbery good-less. *shudders*yup, aggravating. You try and try and become convinced that something isn't right. You think, what IS that flavor?? Nana never made anything that tasted like THAT!! But alas, your efforts are in vain... that's the horrifying facts of this would be chain. It's 90% processed foods. It's not that good. And it's what I call "safe" Mexican food. and it's very tourist friendly, it IS right next to a resort! And for some strange reason, it makes the list of places to dine when hankering for "authentic" Mexican food. Yup... aggravating.
I have been here a few times after an afternoon shop at the Promenade and have enjoyed the happy hour that is from 3-7. The service is very good. I had the mackerel dinner and it was great! The miso soup is delicious and the dressing on the side salad is very good. I think if the sushi were prepared with more veggies, like carrot or cucumber slices incorporated in some of the choices, then it would bring the quality up a notch and I'd frequent much more often. The quality and quantity is very good for the money. The decor is nice for a strip mall restaurant and can be interesting to look at. Yume means dream in Japanese.
Solid neighborhood place serving good old school Chinese food in generous portions and with a surprisingly high level of service.Here it's all about the Mu Shu and the sizzling platters.  Flamingo Palace still provides old fashion table side service where the waitress plates the black pepper beef onto the hot cast iron platter right next you so you can see the steam and hear the dish sizzle.  The mu shu is also wrapped table side.Don't let the obscure corner location deter you.  The interior is much nicer (though a little worn) than the outside might suggest.Extra star for the service.
This is absolutely my favorite Mexican food restaurant. I live in Flagstaff but eat here every time I am in the Phoenix area. I have tried several menu items and they are all amazing! Everything was always fresh, including the salsas. Tried several of the flavored margaritas and loved them. I don't normally order dessert but was told the cream cheese & carmel mini chimis (with ice cream) were not to be passed up. I was not dissappointed! The staff is super friendly and very attentive. Can't wait for my next visit!
Update 3/22/12 - Judy B. has deleted the review.Update 3/19/12 - Frenchie B. is user Judy B. now.  Updated 3/16/12:First I was glad to see the owner private message regarding our experience there, that was nice.  But then I noticed the same user end "Frenchie B." wrote a review for Au Petit Four too.  Private Message:  "May be you were shocked by the price you paid, let me tell you we did not rise our price from the esplanade.  You 2 cakes and 2 creme brulee and they are the most expensive of the 10 items ingredients we use are very expensive and high quality.  You should ask the detail bill to Pierre there is no reason you did not have it.  Do not feel ripped off, I feel sorry, because you came over to Scottsdale, but I also Hope to see you again soon.  Thank you and have a nice week end."Part of their review on 3/9/12 states: "Also,  if 50 dollars is to expensive for you after having 2 sodas especially the delicious lemonades who are from france so they are more expensive then a can of coke, 2 meals and 2 desserts then mcdonalds is better for you..price wise of course." After review their review, I was shock to see how they think about their customers.  How 2 faced can you get.  Nice in the private message and then blast a customer on a public review.  If I would have had 2 drinks, 2 meals, and 2 desserts for $50, that is a great deal.  We had 5 non-alcoholic drinks, 4 desserts, and a cookie for $48.50.  You know, we should have taken the kids to McDonalds for dessert.  To read the rest of Frenchie B.'s review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/au-petit-four-scottsdale#hrid:b6f4KzsK5ApkWZxLumt-SA
It is so refreshing to have Euro stuff on the east side. Get out and drive on down to Pastis, it is located just off of the US-60 in Mesa and is not to be missed by fans of color, flavor and meaty goodness.Basic impression: Multicultural cuisine served by multicultural staff in a relaxed and welcoming environment. The service my party experienced was friendly, talkative, doting without being clingy, and well versed in the menu. The menu is without pretense and easy to navigate. The crepes are delightful, way too big, and otherwise a nice way to top off a meat-and-potatoes ribsticking entree or luscious sandwich. The spice and flavor palettes are well thought out and applied perfectly, if anything the hotness of some spices has room for improvement but they are preparing Balkan/Mountain Slav food for Americans so there have to be some sacrifices made to find middle ground. The veggie stuffed and cheese stuffed pork tenderloins are awesome. Portions are incredibly generous and make for great leftovers. It is taking a lot of willpower to not just delete the body of this review and replace it with NOM NOM NOM GO TO PASTIS IT IS HELLA GREAT NOM NOM NOM.The grocery section of Pastis made for some interesting shopping as it was really a Paneuropean selections ranging from ajvar (hot and mild, think Serbian salsa), to Milka chocolate, to Colman's mustard (exceptional English mustard), and a delightful range of lemonades from France. Be prepared to spend extra time and money on your Pastis experience because of the coldcut case full of sausages and cheeses.
HEAVEN. I just had what I can only describe as the most delightful dining experience of my life...From soup to nuts Petite Maison rocked it. Service was wonderful, and was what service should be in every restaurant. Our waiter was a professional, and treated his customers with much respect. He was extremely knowledgeable about wine and food, but explained it in a way that lacked any condescension. I think we've all had that person who knew more than you, and made sure you knew they were superior. Not one ounce of that here at all!The food was all wonderful. I am not going to go into all the boring details, because I am sure you have a life and other reviews to read. Just go yourself, and experience Petite Maison. Make a night of it, take friends, or a date, but just do it, & soon!
I'm really torn about Farrelli's. The concept is fabulous: lunch or dinner at the movies. And their Fall movie festival is fantastic, with classics like Breakfast at Tiffany's (which I had never seen before today), and the upcoming Beetlejuice, The Unforgiven, Forrest Gump, and the Wizard of Oz. I just wish their food was as good as their menu made it sound.We settled on the Baked Brie al'orange, and at first we thought the waitress had brought us out something quite other than what the menu described. Turns out the orange marmalade and candied pecans were a fine sprinkling on top of the cheese, under the layer of so-called puff pastry. The puff pastry was "dead," so to speak, as if it had been out and in the fridge for days. The brie was not very high quality, and the bread was stale. My burger was overcooked, and Hubby's veggie wrap was just ok, but we agree that the fries were really good and super crispy. The iced tea was good and strong, and the waitress kept our glasses filled. I wished we had gotten the popcorn, as we had when we came here before. God, I dream about that popcorn. Like what you would make at home on the stove, with salt and real butter- if you had the energy, that is.The seats were comfy, and the audience full of women kept pretty quiet, except the times when Holly's cat was in danger and nearly abused. We're headed back for "The Unforgiven", another classic I have never seen, but plan to choose other menu items. Maybe just the popcorn....
According to my boyfriend, this local bar type place rocks.  Food is always good, it's cheap, atmosphere is great and had a good conversation.  They grill the burgers right in view of you as you're ordering.  They also cook your burgers over charcoal so it gets real flavor in them!
I went here for restaurant week really expecting a great meal. There were four places I went during the week and this was the first one I tried. I thought the service was very good and a few of the dishes had a lot of flavor. I definitely enjoyed the beef tenderloin and the jack daniel's pecan pie. The pecan pie was actually very sweet and bursting with flavor, it was a good way to end my meal. Also the bread was great, very tasty croissants.However, there is obviously a reason I gave Vincent's only 3 stars....I thought the lobster bisque was very bland. I was very excited to try their bisque, but it didn't knock my socks off at all. The duck confit was very dry. It came with tasty scalloped potatoes, but sadly they were the highlight of the entree, not the duck. Overall there were a lot of good things I did try, but to me, my first and second course should be excellent, and the dessert should not be by far  the best course I had.
Unusual for a Vietnamese restaurant, I hold this place to the same standard of cleanliness I expect from a Chinese restaurant: if it tastes good and doesn't make me sick, it's a-okay! I have grown up in Asian restaurants and really, despite all the negative reviews, this place isn't that scary! If you're looking for ambiance, well, maybe you should save this one for another day. I can't say I've ever been to a Vietnamese restaurant where the decorations blew me away. However, if you are craving some mighty decent Vietnamese cuisine, you have arrived at your destination.I grew up on Oahu where Pho places are like McDonalds- they are practically on every corner. It being one of my favorite foods, I've been to a great many restaurants for pho, and have tried to find a place that can fill that big beef noodle soup void in my heart..( or stomach.. same thing) since moving to Arizona. I've come to the conclusion that there is nothing in Tucson. Chandler, however, is fortunate enough to have this little gem.The bowls are large and very affordable.  The easiest difference to distinguish between pho places is the broth. Saigon has a pretty good broth, and offers almost all the right condiments. The only thing this place is missing is sate, which is like chili oil with garlic or shallots, and culantro. If only I could figure out what it's called in Vietnamese... Large in size with sharp edges, it is similar to cilantro but more subtle and slightly sweet. These, while a major drawback for me, are minor for the overall quality found here at Saigon. The beauty of pho is that it arrives light and fairly simple. Its up to you to customize your own bowl to your individual taste. The spring rolls are good, served properly dressed with lettuce leaves and mint for wrapping with traditional sweet sour fish sauce for dipping. If you like coffee, you haven't lived until you have had a Vietnamese iced coffee. No. Seriously.And a small but hugely fantastic thing? They have fresh coconuts that you can order to drink the juice out of! And eat the coconut flesh after of course.. MmmmSo while this isn't the best pho I've ever had in my life, it IS the best I've had in Arizona so far.
Closing tomorrow 8-24 - forever.Got this in the e-mail today"Thank You! To our loyal customers:  We wanted to thank you for your support over the years.  D'Licious Dishes has closed its doors for financial reasons. Tomorrow, August 24, from 10-4 we are blowing out any remaining inventory.  Wines and beer will be 25% off and all other retail, cheeses and prepared food items will be 50% off.Please stop in and stock up on some real bargains.  We would appreciate it a lot.D'licious Dishes5345 N. 7th AvenuePhoenix, Arizona 85013dliciousdishes@live.com
Try the lemonade with mint.  yummmm!     The food is very fresh, but depending on what you're looking for ......it's more asian than vegetarian in my opinion.
We finally made it to Best of Philly since we were on winter break and could actually make it in here before they closed!  Little did we know they are actually open on Saturdays.  Oops!  We drive down Central everyday on our way home from work and we have been slowly trying all the restaurants we see.  We're almost done too!  Best of Philly is a teeny tiny little place that packs a big punch in terms of flavor.  I ordered a simple cheesesteak with nothing on it and I was very pleased.  The bread was fantastic!  It was soft and chewy with just a slight crisp on the exterior.  It definitely tasted like fresh baked bread.  The steak was thin and yummy, but I like mine a little saltier, a la Charley's.  The cheese was ooey gooey and the perfect thing to bring everything all together,I would like to come back, maybe on a Saturday and get a cheesesteak with mushrooms.  A rogue mushroom found it's way into my cheesesteak and it was awesome!  Now I gotta see what it would be like with a whole bunch of them!
So glad Gabi chose this place for Lunch, but damn the rain for ruining our chance at the lovely patio dining. Such cozy cuteness, I was beside myself. I just adored the pretty patio with all it's flowers, umbrellaed tables, heaters and even a roaring fireplace. Inside was more CC, chandeliers over each table, dark wood, and my favorite part was the beautifully framed window, literally framed, but instead of a picture you look out the window to the lattice and creeping vines, so cool! Wish I would have taken a pic of that. Several things on the menu wanted me to order them but I went with the Salmon Nicoise (see pics) It was not only beautiful but also delicious. Other guests ordered the Quiche and the Onion Soup (see pics) Both looked wonderful and I was told they were. I have only one complaint and it's really just more of a disappointment than anything. On such a rainy cold day I was hoping they would have some decadent hot chocolate to warm me up but they did not......Maybe soon? I went with hot tea instead and was pleasantly satisfied. I will definitely return to try some more of the very reasonably priced French Fare.
So happy that I came here today...I was already stressing out at Tempe Marketplace (I was a little klutzy with my packages)  I was hungry and almost did the horrible thing and have the Cheesecake Factory desserts at Barnes and Noble when I noticed Tea Infusion...I have been here once before for Yelp Office Hours.I love their selections of tea and that you can buy them loose.  It was a little hot out today, so I decided to have their Peach Iced Tea.  (Free refills!)  I am not a fan of fruity teas, but this was wonderful and it didn't give me heartburn. I got a Tuna Melt for lunch...excellent!  (They used white albacore tuna...and they only mix it with mayonnaise.  So happy to find a place that makes tuna without onions!) The best though, was their pasta salad...it was awesome.  Next time I would love to try one of their smoothies.  I love the fact that while it is small, they have many areas to sit.  (I sat at the bar area)  The staff was very nice and accommodating...(especially when Miss Klutz was a little messy with her sandwich....)
Haji-baba I love you!Best middle eastern food!!! :)I came here last week 3 times for the chicken shawarma plate and kabob. If I lived in Arizona I would have to come here at least once a week... it's that good!Reasonable prices, casual dining and friendly service!Stress free parking!If I ever visit Arizona again... HAJIBABA will be first on the the list!If you live in the area or visiting Arizona... and love middle eastern food... you have to eat here!Arizona I'm so jealous!I'm a fan!-Miss Yelp 2012
I did some trade out work for Johnny's uptown for fixing his register system.  I charge $75 per hour a fairly cheap rate ($175 per hour for the geek squad).  It took me two hours to climb through all his rafters and trace down a network break.  He was fixed within 4 hours of calling me at 4 P.M.  Most places would have stuck him with a bill of over $500  for last minute and evening surcharges.  My boyfriend (Johnny's Employee) and I shared a stake and a bottle of wine.  Retail cost was $85  his employee discount made it $42.  I asked John Tallifer if he wanted me to bill him or he could trade out.  I have never seen some one gripe about saving $450 more in my life.Like an Idiot I did some newspaper ads for him 2 of them for $100  again no foresight he called me 2 hours before they were due.Then I did a sign for him for his other failing restaurant the pizza place Melrose caf I created 12 beautiful logos for his sign and a magazine made him 3 more they wanted to charge him a grand for it. He sat behind me for 4 hours and directed me how he envisioned this atrocity he had me create.  I charged him $160 he loved the sign.  I realize why straight men are not designersAfter 30 days of not paying me he offered, to trade out dinner for 4.  My boyfriend's uncle was in town so we went to Johnny's to eat.  My filet was fantastic; the lobster was cold, old and had been frozen before. The wine was good and the bill came to $400 well $200 for employees.  Again he bitched about saving a grand, called my partner a silly faggot and his black manager who set up the deal a stupid Nword.  My boyfriend quit and we left.
First, I think it's important to remember what L'Academie is: this is Scottsdale Culinary Institute's casual, bistro-style restaurant. As such, every encounter with staff is an encounter with a student, from the host stand to the table service to the kitchen. Last night, we spotted the fruit and cheese plate on the dessert table upon our entrance. You see, while the menu is seasonal (maybe to coincide with semesters?), the desserts are changed out more frequently to allow for creativity of the student chefs. The offerings are displayed along with some featured beverages which you are forced to pass as you enter the dining room... a great way to remind you to save room (wink, wink). I guess you could say we had dessert first!Our "starter" featured slices of Manchego, and wedges of blue cheese and a smokey brie bordered by walnuts, pistachios, dried figs, apricots and cranberries and halved red and green grapes. Only real complaint: there were too few pieces of crostini (although we were graciously brought more upon request) and some of the green grapes had browned. Overall, it was a nice way to start the meal.I had the five onion soup. A velvety potage, the soup's aroma was slightly better than its flavor. A bit heavy on the pancetta and worcestershire for my taste.The presentation of the crab cakes  was lovely. Three timbales of crab and peppers surrounded a small bunch of fresh greens bound by a tomato slice. The vinaigrette on the greens was a highlight.L'Academie has a notable wine selection. I was delighted to find Molly Dooker's 2007 The Maitre D Cabernet Sauvignon on the list! Deliciously oaked goodness!Truth be told, it feels like a cross between a classroom and an average American bistro. But, you know what? That's what it is... and, what better way to support young people who love food as much as we do and want to spend their career bringing it to us?!
Great sports bar.  Lots of nice big TVs, yummy wings, good drink specials (w/ a great range of beers on draft, though the two don't typically intersect so I was drinking $3 Mirror Pond Ale from a bottle poured into an icy pint glass), enthusiastic if somewhat homer crowd (I guess I just insulted myself.  Well, at least I didn't loudly protest very obvious calls against the Cards like the table next to us).  Anyway don't expect great service, though I won't complain too loud - I guess under certain circumstances I can actually be patient.  Bathrooms - at least the men's room is pretty disgusting, but I survived.  Otherwise the place is pretty nice inside - our waitress gave everyone coasters.  One minor niggle: there were a couple kids there when we first got there.  The family left around halftime and the little babies were asleep most of the time, (and mercifully quiet the entire time) but this sort of thing is simply not appropriate.  Put up a sign.  "No firearms or children allowed."
love this place - especially when they are showing older flicks - went for a girls night out to see The Big Chill - we all dressed "disco", ordered drinks, apps, and desserts and just noshed and giggled all thru the film! The service is pretty much spot on - don't find it distracting at all - of course, we heeded the mgmt's recommendation on when to get there and be seated - this way, all ordering, drink delivery and service was pretty much done by the time the movie started.  I've also taken my daughter to see Wizard of  Oz - great experience - seeing it on a big screen, with the opportunity for her to be "grown up" and sit at a table in a comfortable chair and eat during the movie.
There aren't a lot of places around here that are open past 10 pm but this chain is.  So one evening when I was out late and had eaten a late lunch and wasn't hungry at a normal dinner time, I stopped in here after 11-ish for a bite.  I got a Foot Long Chili Dog special for $2.99 (with onions), a small Tater Tots,  a small cherry slushie, and a small coffee to save and reheat in my motel room the next mornig.  That cheap hot dog was delicious. The Tater Tots were freakin' awesome!  And I don't even like Tater Tots.  But these were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with just enough oil to help it crunch with a wonderful texture. I got my cholesterol and calories and sodium quotients  in for the next month in one simple trip.  Ouila!
I like this place.  It has so much potential.  The concept is 1/2 Fast Food & 1/2 Full Service Restaurant.....it's a 'Tweener'!  Let me explain......Fast Food Elements+ You order at a counter, menu on boards against the wall.+ They call for your number & you pick up your food at the counter....food is served on plastic plates & trays, like many fast food restaurants.+ Food comes out relatively fast.+ Self Serve Salsa Barhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=bJL2f4dqLkQZePWU13UCswFull Service Restaurant Elements+There's bar seating w/Alcohol service.+ Food quality is a notch above Fast Food.+ Food prices are nearly the same as full service restaurants.+ Complimentary Chips & Salsa.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=0LCjnbhWGXS6ZMtp_137eAI've been here a few times....being on my no Meat diet, I have some good choices here.Bean & Cheese Burrito, $5.49http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=hJcWsnkgB9Br9ZnpFV7NLANachos w/Cheese & Beans, *Hint* Get the Kid's Meal for $4.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=yrX3FWg6cyzFNi5HvQuwEAQuesadilla, $4.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=OgFy34v2UTeOvSSc4ffy0gThe food is pretty good....not great.  I enjoy coming here to grab a quick bite.  The other big bonus for me is that they have Arizona Gunslinger Hot Sauce available here....http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=FJbrO9TXOs5J-gp_psFn0wThis Hot Sauce packs a nice punch and I pour it generously on my food....yum!Overall, it's not a bad joint......way better than Taco Bell, just under Full Service joints.Return Factor - 90%
Hotel Friday!Valley Ho Hotel's Cafe Zu ZuSame old:  At the end of the work week I often find myself tired, haggard and lacking that little zing in my step.  The last thing I want to do is spend my Friday evening, after an hour and half preparation - primping, poking and spilling myself into skinny jeans, that too cute Chloe top (yes, it's completely impractical....I love it!) and Jimmy Choos (where I hope to God I didn't just step in what I think I did) - in some noisy, elbow-to-elbow, jam-packed trendy club where it takes thirty minutes to get a drink!  We all know that this ritual rarely concludes with the desired outcome, unless you really wanted to be awkwardly groped and fondled like you were by Bobby Murphy at the eighth grade dance.  So, one evening, after having had enough of the Paris Hilton wannabes, lack of vodka in my vodka-soda and hundred-dollar tabs that leave me less buzzed than the three week old milk in my fridge, I had an epiphany.  Enter hotel Friday's!On Friday, a couple times a month, friends and I, like-minded young professionals frustrated and bored by the usual routine, spend the evening at a different hotel to enjoy the ambiance, company, conversation, cuisine and, of course, cocktails.  Recently, we decided to try out the Caf Zu Zu at the Hotel Valley Ho in Scottsdale.  The buzz had been good and I wanted to judge for myself.First Impressions:  As I cruise up the hotel driveway, I am impressed by the architecture and obvious history of this very chic, art-deco and Valley-known celebrity hot-spot.  The valet (yes, I know how a lot of people are weary of valets, but trust me, there's no parking anywhere else so you just gotta suck it up and have a little faith) cordially escorts me from my car and ushers me to the door.  I enter the hotel and immediately feel transported into the Hollywood glam of 1960-something.  The dcor is clean, neat, and retro, contemporary in style, boasting shades of brown and orange, geometric angles paired with unexpected curves and unique and interesting lighting fixtures.  Truly, The Valley Ho is gorgeous.  I take in the social scene and notice that the clientele appears to be largely varied in age, mid twenty-something's to late fifties and well-dressed, well spoken, pretty and affluent.  Meeting my friends at the lobby bar, I decide to order a glass of wine.  The wine list is fairly extensive, yet not pretentious, with something for everyone.  I select a glass of the Willamette Valley pinot noir which I find to be smooth, flavorful and relaxing.  As a matter of fact, the entire setting is comfortable and calming yet totally en vogue, busy without feeling like you're stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic.Dinner time:  No waiting.  We are immediately shown to our table and are easily accommodated, despite our party of ten.  Our waiter is efficient, but not overbearing, offering suggestions and opinions when asked.  Our glasses are always full, our needs anticipated and the food sublime!  Seriously, I wasn't sure what to expect from the creative and unusual American dishes as I peruse the menu.  However, I thoroughly enjoy the Warm Maytag Blue Cheese Fondue, the eleven dollar Macaroni and Cheese (I had to see what eleven dollar mac and cheese tasted like....it was worth every penny) and, my favorite, an authentic take-me-back-to-1950-soda-shop real banana split!  Devine!Night cap:  After dinner, we adjourn to the lobby area where we are able to sit in comfort, enjoying the warmth of the gas-powered fireplace and indulge in our after-dinner drinks.  The evening was peaceful, relaxing, fun and engaging.  To sum it up in one word, "classy".  The perfect way to unwind from a long week!  If I could, I'd do it all again (and I left as put together as I was when I arrived, no problem, Jimmy, your welcome)!  Oh, and my speedometer didn't suggest foul play either. 411:  Hotel Valley Ho is located at 6850 East Main Street in Scottsdale, Arizona, 85251.  Call 480-421-7997 for reservations, walk-ins welcome.  Prices are moderate serving breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Came here on a fairly busy time. But, we were served quickly to a point.The malts were really good and I do not eat things like this very often. Fries were a bit on the greasy side. But, the food was not bad and the price is pretty good as well.I really like Red Robin more ,but you have to shake it up and try it all. Bathrooms were not too bad. It was busy there so they did a good job keeping it all togehter. I like that they use paper and not Plastic. It is better for everything,including us humans.
The food sucks... don't order the fried pickles, ever!It's a total dive... don't sit down in the restrooms, ever!The bartenders are good, the games are fun, and they have pool. What more can you ask for? I've been here a hundred times after work, and there is always something going on. It's definitely an "industry" bar if you know what I mean... always full of bartenders, waiters, and hotel people. We go here because it's cheap, a good place to wind down after work, and they have golden tee.
How many bites does it take to get to the lamb filled center of a gyros-pop?I'd say one, cause if you can't find gyros on the first bite, there's probably something wrong with your order ;-) ... are you sure you didn't order the chicken?And you thought I was going to say something deep and meaningful, you obviously don't know me that well.Cypress Grill is my favorite place for a gyros in Central Phoenix. There's a handful of them around (gyros spots that is), but if you're looking for a gyros and within a few miles of this place, I'd say skip all the rest. I've tried at least five or so spots that serve em nearby. You'll spend a couple bucks more here than at the other places, with a gyro running you about $8, but I'm happy to conclude that Cypress is my favorite gyro in town.The hummus here is good, so is the spanikopita and dolmades. For those of you who are carb counting, you can get your gyros in a salad too. I've done that a few times myself. All in all a solid choice for medditeranean dining - one of the better spots in the area. Happy Yelping Phoenix!
Their Filet Mignon Cobb is my all time favorite there, its already perfectly tossed in dressing and is a meal.. not bird food by any means. I have also tried their mushroom/chicken crepes and Im not a crepes fan and I was more than impressed. Great place for a date or just meeting a friend out for a bite. Its swanky yet you won't feel uncomfortable dressed down. Not pretentious and the waitstaff is fantastic. My only complaint is on their mashed potatoes..too much oil and they're whipped to death.. but hey i like mine with lumps..so it's a preference thing.
This place defiently projects the "everybody is welcome here" vibe.  You walk in and the place is always packed with every kind of person imaginable.Every Friday we meet up with friends for our weekly coffee date here and I couldn't think of a better place.Try the mocha... hot or iced.  And make sure and get whip AT LEAST ONCE, delicious and home made!The only negative... when it is packed it gets a little crowded and backed with people waiting for their coffee from the barista.
Great little sandwich shop!  Smallish portions, but that's ok by me.  Good prices, nice variety.  Delicious cookies:)
One word.....FUN! As my friend Patti said as we were leaving, "I haven't laughed that hard in such a long time!" That could be due to too many house special margaritas (which were really YUMMY!) or because we are a fun group of gals! Either way, The Mission delivers. Service is great. The people working there are friendly (always a must for me to ever go someplace more than once). Food is good, but the portions would be too small for my husband who still eats like food like he's a teen preparing for a football season. For us girls, it's a great reminder to keep our figures svelte- and still feel pleasantly full. TRY- Table side Guacamole. Guaranteed to be the most heavenly Guacamole you've EVER tasted! They add everything from cilantro to garlic, to hot peppers (to your taste), to cheese sprinkled lightly (or more heavy handed if you request it) on top. Last time there, 4 of us ordered 2 servings of it since the 1st time 1 serving wasn't enough for 2 of us (because it was so good I practically licked the bowl clean). Maybe it was due to having a margarita first, or not being as hungry the 2nd time, but 2 servings + a drink + the chicken tacos was PLENTY of food (I even had to save 1 taco for later). Those cute little itty bitty 3 tacos don't look like a lot of food, but once you pair them with other offerings The Mission has, you will find yourself quite satisfied. If you go to The Mission, be sure to bring good friends (or a significant other who doesn't eat like a football player). Be ready for great margaritas, great guacamole, nice servers, and a "chillaxed" environment. Enjoy!
The McManager sucks.  (he wouldn't run his store Safeway card for me!)The debit/credit card swipers suck! (they don't fit in their holders and they must use a freakin' dialup modem they are so God Damn slow)They once completely ran out of MILK!Their change machine was down for well over a week!I swear to God, if  there were any alternative in the vicinity I'd GLADLY pay twice the price to shop there! Revamped store is nice to look at, shitty to shop at!  Now with free Wi-Fi! EAT ME!
I HATE JACK IN THE CRACK...the only time I can eat here is if I've been drinking and everyone in the car is craving it. Not like I got a say I never drink and drive :) so when we all pull up my drunken ass orders something. THIS PARTICULAR jack just is horrible!!!! The past 3 times!!! Drinks get mixed up...fries are missing...tomatos are there when they shouldn't...foods cold...forget my sauce for the eggrolls :( ya don't judge i tried the eggrolls and they were horrible and dry. And it's really hard to make eggrolls taste bad ,but jack in the box sure was able to do it.
Finally, a coffee place you can brag about going to.Cartel is an intelligent coffee shop with trendy decor and knowledgeable baristas. I feel good about being there, like I've chosen wisely for not going to a run-of-the-mill coffee-bucks type establishment. Though I sometimes feel out of my element because I don't know a lot about coffee, I've always been treated with courteous and attentive customer service.By the way, major bonus points for using an iPad to place orders and being able to text or email you the receipt. Why don't more places do that?The Espresso is strong with a solid kick and does the trick. I like how they serve it in a mug instead of a paper cup. The Chai Latte is also phenomenal. As good, if not better than ones I've had elsewhere.  I'm impressed by the various coffee beans and accessories they offer too. I even purchased the Aeropress so I can make coffee like them (and because of the great reviews: http://www.amazon.com/Aerobie-AeroPress-Coffee-Espresso-Maker/dp/B0047BIWSK). *Be sure to buy it from the store, though*Looking forward to trying out their food and BEER selections soon. But, even if they only served coffee, I'd be more than happy.Definitely check out their Tempe location for a very hipster hole-in-the-wall ambiance that reminds me of drinking coffee in a place like Chicago or NYC: http://www.yelp.com/biz/cartel-coffee-lab-tempe
A few weeks ago I wrote a review on Al's Beef and thought I would do the same taste test with Luke's. We ordered the Italian Beef Combo and the double Red Hots just as we did at Al's.  The beef was tasty and the sausage was great, no surprises just as one would expect. What it wasn't -- cut too thin & a wet mush which is what we had at Al's.  Again, sorry! The Red Hots filled the poppy seed bun and seemed twice as large. The Vienna Beef dogs snapped as you expect and had a really good taste  Yes, they were boiled too, but clearly someone was watching the stove so they wouldn't over cook. Now, in Al's favor their restaurant feels more Chicago-ish, say like a smaller version of Portillos. Luke's is definitely more southside with a lot of Chicago pictures, including 'Bad Rex" Grossman formerly of the "da Bears".The final tally came to just under $14, which seemed more than fair given the quality of the food and the portions.  Enjoy!
OMG. I cannot believe we didn't know this place existed until tonight. Delicious!!! We had the Mexican Hot Chocolate and the Pineapple & Raspberry Paletas. They were SO GOOD. The chocolate one was so creamy and cinnamon-y - it was rich and a perfect balance of flavors. The pineapple one tasted like biting into a fresh pineapple. It was heavenly. We will definitely be making this a regular stop - especially as the summer creeps in! The paletas are about $2.50 each. Cash only.
Excellent with one big caveat which I'll save till the end.First, why five stars?  The foremost reason is the place (ie atmosphere).  One of the things I miss about San Francisco (just moved to Phoenix in Summer of 2010) are the small eateries with lots of personality.  They are difficult to find in this area.  Well, Cafe Monark fits that description perfectly.  Very small tucked away nicely in a quiet corner in the Oldtown.  The owner is the greeter, chef, waiter and cashier.  The place only has about 20 seats.The food is excellent and from what I can tell the set menu changes regularly.Lastly, it's BYOB with a $10 corkage.So, for the caveat, it can be slow.  That what makes it unique (run completely by the owner) can make it slow.  However, come with a nice bottle or two and enjoy the place.  The food is worth the wait and the experience is certainly unique.
It's that special occasion, and you need a special restaurant. A place that will only serve to augment the nights festivities. Mexican and most other ethnic foods are out, deciding early on how these foods will  trigger your irritable bowel syndrome into becoming an other-worldly dynamo of farts. You can't have that, after all, it's a celebration. You need something innocuous. A food that's filling but not too. And yes, a meal that won't induce a garlic aroma that will level all of Scottsdale. Fish it is, and where better to spend your hard earned cash than at a place so proud of its creations, they charge you an arm and a leg for them.Only you'll soon learn an arm and a leg won't even cover the tip at this place.I give you Mastro's Ocean Club.An elegant atmosphere, bustling with energy from all its young patrons eager to impress their date with a meal guaranteed to produce no ill-wanted side affects afterward. Start with the seafood tower appetizer. This will cost you the price of that new Ipad you never bought yourself  for Christmas because you were too worried about your kids getting something they'd only sneer at. Move on to the Salmon, which if it's not from Copper River, it should be since they've priced it that way. I'm conjecturing there's something unusual about it, making it so pricey. My guess is they find some Inuit kid, post him up at one of those Alaskan rivers, paying the little bastard big bucks to snatch a salmon from the mouth of a hungry grizzly. Subsequently, due to the kld's funeral costs and reparations to his family, they have to jack-up the cost of the salmon. Just a theory.And finally, get ready to loosen that belt and finish up with one of their scrumptious desserts, I didn't.I couldn't.Not because I was full from the tower or the dead Eskimo kid's legacy, it was because I was out of coinage. Didn't have enough for the tip.And didn't see  a small cup of orange jello on the menu anywhere.
---- Update ----Okay so me and a buddy went back to Pirate's yesterday and I have to say, I am saddened.  They have changed suppliers, and now the versions of their items are horrible.  The shrimp are just regular frozen jumbo shrimp, not the big globs of battered goodness as before.  Their scallops are about as big as my thumbnail and they looked horrible.  The fish is a square processed patty and the fries are skinny and cheap.They even hired a second employee.  A lady who is not only rude, but smug while she is laying into you about how the tartar sauce doesn't come with your fish.  NO TARTAR SAUCE?!?!?! Its a fish and chips place!!!! In the end, we had to 'trade' (YES I SAID TRADE!) our Pete's, oops i mean Pirate's sauce for tartar sauce!  WHAT A JIP!I am removing a star for this horrendous "make over". Because hey, if you're gonna change something, change the damn tables!---- First Review ----What can I say about Pirates Fish and Chips?  Well there are some good things and bad things (mostly good).  You could EASILY compare this to any number of fish and chip 'shacks' around the Phoenix valley, but this one definitely stands out.  It stands out mostly because of its cleanliness (compared to other shacks) and the food itself.  I have been to the location on Warner and Gilbert twice now and both times it was clean, and the service was fast.  Everything on the menu is frozen, mind you, but it comes in large portions.  The service is great, they will actually bring it out to you even if you are sitting outside!  The food has been super hot (almost too hot) both times, so be careful when biting into those delicious crabby patties!On the downside, the plastic tables are an eyesore, and should be wiped down more often.  They really don't fit well with the decor (Mural, flatscreens, etc..) and I wouldn't bring anyone to this place to impress them (solely because of the tables)
I've got nothing but positive comments for the Rosemary Chicken Sandwich.  It was truly one of the best sandwiches I've had, and I'll be back to order it again, even if I have to take the light rail to get there.
The complimentary, efficient valet and steak salad are the stars of this new steak house.The service is the distraction; hostess was insistent that we provide our name for the list although we are clear that our eats will be in the bar.  (they actaully do no follow up with us although we are now on the list - huh?!?)The bar maintained the same layout as Houston's had. However the handful of bartenders never connect and they begin the intimate relationship with a request for a credit card for the tab. Lots of activity behind the bar with napkin folding, glass washing and comraderie (9 to 10 pm) and we flag them down for water, again for eats, for a bill, then to pay the bill - even with debit cards clearly lined up with bill in glass on bar. A waitress apologizes for a delay with the steak salad and offers a complimentary dessert. We never see the generous gal again nor was the offer apparently passed onto our flock of inattentive servers. One of the best steak salads in the 'hood with a perfectly grilled steak and lightly dressed lemon horseradish dressing. Our valet responds to a text to grab the car. With a smile from the young man, we escape the rudeness of Del Frisco's into the Arizona night.
Thank god for Ted's Hot Dogs!  There is nothing better in life than a charbroiled hot dog with tasty onion rings and a soda.  My cohorts at work turned me onto Ted's and I kept it secret from my wife.  Yes, I'm that cruel.  Then one Sunday morning we were watching one of those Top 10 Hot Dog shows on the Food Network or Travel Channel.  She said to me, "I wish we could have a great hot dog today."  I broke down and wept, confessing my multiple sins of all the times I tip toed to Ted's to enjoy a chili footlong dog and an all beef dog with the works. She, loving me, immediately hit me a couple of times about the head, and said "Get dressed bitch - lunch is on you."  Now, if you ever meet Marie, you'll come to know that she is sweet and understanding, but on that day, I found one of her few limits.  Needless to say, we had a great experience at Ted's that Sunday.REMEMBER:  They only take cash.  No debit cards, no credit cards, no bartering.
It's about $30/person, and the portions are small, so you will probably feel hungry (and robbed) an hour later. Unless, of course, you are my parents and had the raw sandwich. Then you will be up all night with food poisoning.
I make a mean salad. Really. That's what I love about Market Bistro the most. For the same price as ice berg lettuce and carrot sticks at Souper Salad or Sweet Tomatoes (less, actually), I can direct someone to build  me a beautiful bounty of romaine, caramelized walnuts, red onion, fennel, parmesan crisps, strawberries, apples, blue cheese and top it with tri-tip and balsamic! Or, like I had today: parmesan crisps, tomatoes, fennel, mushrooms, blue cheese, red onion and pesto chicken.  All of the ingredients are very fresh and you get to pick any seven. I suggest the half salad ($5.29 + $2.29 for meat), because it's enough to satisfy. Especially, if you want to skip the meat and pair it with a slice of pizza (their pesto is frickin' awesome!!) or a half sandwich (I'm partial to the Cuban, myself). I love, love, love the poblano corn chowder.The whole experience feels so healthy, it's my favorite place to go after a hike up North mountain or a nighttime yoga class (they're open until 9 p.m.!)... and, don't have to feel as guilty when I add a glass of wine or a beer.Minus one star for the following:* The line gets LONG at lunch time (like to the door - and, while you can "cut" to the grill counter and order if you just want a sandwich, most of us are there for our own awesome salad experiments.)* It's loud and difficult to have a conversation (or a lunch meeting)* Depending on what you order, you may need eight arms or four trips to carry it all to the table* I wish a piece of bread came with the salads (only comes with the soup, right now).But none of these are reason enough to keep me from coming back... In fact, I feel potatoes, black beans and rice as mix-ins in my future...
I have neutral feelings about BBQ but this place was great.  I was dubious as we pulled into the parking lot.  I worried we accidentally wandered into a crack den.  However, once we found the front door, I was pleasantly surprised.  Super cute inside and a nice patio I'd love to visit when it's not 110 degrees outside.  The mac n' cheese was fabuloso and our waitress was fantastic.  My salad was a little bland but that is my fault for ordering a salad at a BBQ restaurant.  My dining companions were super pleased with their plates o' meat.
This cafe is 100% vegetarian, with the vegan option available on every menu item.  From past experiences with veggie restaurants in Phoenix, this kind of classification would probably make me less eager to try the place......  which is why I'm happy that the chef/owner instead chose to focus on the fact that they use fresh, local, and organic ingredients -- vegetarianism is more of an afterthought.  So we decided to try it yesterday for lunch.To start, Pomegranate offers a wonderful selection of teas, coffees, and various juice/smoothie options.  I wanted something cool and caffeinated, so I ordered the toddy, which features my favorite local roaster's beans -- Cartel.  My wife order a peach iced tea.  Very good, but if memory serves correctly, you won't find any drink options for less than $2.00 or so.Then onto the main course.  I ordered the veggie burger, which is made from a sprouted tofu, served on a sprouted spelt bun, and garnished with cheddar cheese (or vegan cheese if you prefer), avocado, tomato, and a little tiny dollop of miso mayonnaise.  It also comes with a catch-all selection of sides: salad, tortilla chips, fruit slices, and a pickle.  $10 or so.....Here's my take on the burger:The spelt bun was better than any other spelt bun/bread that I've ever had before.  This was perhaps the second most notable part of this burger.  The most notable was the patty itself, which had a nice mellow nutty flavor -- not trying too hard to be be fake beef and not overpowering in soy flavor.  It was actually one of my favorite veggie burgers ever.  But here's my beef with the preparation: too skimpy on the rich, fatty stuff.  There was a very thin slice of cheese and almost nothing of the single condiment provided, which the menu told me was a miso mayo.  Thanks to the avocado, it was still a little rich, but not the kind of juicy decadence that I've always felt characterizes a great burger.  And seriously, I would have liked to have tasted the miso mayonnaise, but instead added my salad dressing to the burger to make it less dry, and this basically obscured whatever taste the mayo may have offered.The salad was just fine, garnished with what seemed like a raw berry dressing of some sort.  I had no idea that the white stuff in the plastic cup was also for the salad (apparently a living caesar dressing), until the meal was almost over.  I thought it was my mayonnaise for the burger.  Next time, I'll try to get it right and see how the salad tastes with both dressings.We also tried the hummus, mainly because it's the perfect baby-appropriate snack for my son to sling all over the restaurant (the remarkably polite staff was also quite pleasant about bringing in a messy toddler, by the way, which is a plus).  The hummus was actually quite tasty, but somehow not in a "traditional" way.  It seemed a little crisper and fresher than most hummus I've had, which was a nice complement to the fresh veggies served with it.  My only additional request for the hummus is that perhaps the restaurant could throw in a few tortilla chips as well?My wife tried the vegan BLT, made with a tempeh-based bacon.  It must have been tasty, because this is one of the first times I've missed my opportunity to try a bite of her dish.  She literally devoured it and then criticized me for nitpicking at the veggie burger's preparation.  I'm pretty sure she'd give this place a 5-star rating, and she may convince me to do the same on our return visit with the in-laws, who have been looking for a place like this.Oh, one final note.  I spoke with the chef/owner after our meal, to offer our compliments and inquire about the cuisine and the marketplace, etc.  She mentioned something that should be readily apparent to most foodies, which is that the key to providing tasty veggie options is to go with a macrobiotic whole food focus -- this approach de-emphasizes the constraints and instead focuses on building a good meal from quality ingredients.  Well done, chef.
Holy Crap Batman!  This place was shoulder to shoulder packed around lunchtime on a Wednesday! Why, I guess it's because they have everything it the world you might want and at "almost free" prices.It's the exact same layout as the one on Roosevelt and 16th st, but there's less parking.This place is a complete and total assault on your senses from the second you walk in.  Norteno music on the PA, the every 15 seconds someone YELLS for something in Spanish on the PA.  Wild decorations all over the place. Everything is on sale so of course you need a bright colored sign for every single item.Good news is that I saw a few signs in English and one of the three employees I spoke with there spoke English, score!
I kind of wavered on whether I should write a review about Zipps - my reasoning was based on #1 it's a sports bar and #2,well, it's a sports bar. But I did review The Library..... and after thinking about it, I seem to have a lot to say.I've been here several times, and this latest bout was a 3 to 4 star experience. So, I'm giving it a 4 star based on other sports bars in Gilbert.Zipps doesn't have anything to write home about. It's a sports bar with a LOT of TVs, 2 pool tables, a shuffleboard table, a few video games, and one of those stuffed animal machines. There is a patio for the smokers, a dining area for the family or large group that want to come here and eat a meal, and a bar area for the drinkers and smaller social groups, and die hard fans that want to be up close and personal with their team of choice. There was only one game on (STEELERS vs. Chargers) so we didn't have to worry about positioning ourselves correctly. However, there have been times when we didn't show up for gameday in a prompt manner and were forced to crank our necks to catch our game (even though they do have a zillion tvs). It gets pretty busy in here and once the crowd starts shuffling in, it seems as though the wait staff starts to forget things, the bartenders get sloppy, and the kitchen backs up. This place has been opened long enough to understand proper expediting and timing. Right?The food is, well - ok. It's bar food, after all; I had to keep reminding myself I didn't come here for a crudo of sea scallops with vanilla salt or a braised duck breast. They do have a generous selection and there were a *few* specials. $1 off a large pizza or $8 specialty burgers. I did appreciate the selection of burgers which can be ordered in either beef, chicken, turkey or garden. They have flatbreads (which I didn't really like), a few specialty salads, and some sandwiches. On this visit, we ordered the Chicken Fresca sandwich which was basically a chicken breast with pepperjack cheese, some sort of Jalapeno sauce, salsa, and a bun. It was good, but the bun was soggy and the lettuce was wilted and lifeless. I would order it again, and just eat the chicken because it was perfectly grilled and the salsa was a nice compliment to go with the pepper jack. They have a good selection of beer. However, I opted for a citron lemonade (*I must keep reminding myself I'm"m at a sports bar) and I literally got vodka and lemonade (and it was the kind of lemonade out of a bar spigot - not true bar lemonade). I suppose I was expecting a teakwoods tommy lemonade (mmmmm those are the best) Our server was gracious enough to realize that we were probably going to sit at that pub table for quite some time, and didn't try to move us out. She kept our party somewhat happy and she was prompt with our tab. So it is what it is. It's Zipps. It's fun. I'll probably go back (It seems like I always do). But there are a LOT of sports bars out in GIlbert to choose from.
Soup is my pleasure food! With that being said, the rest of the family loves their sandwiches!This particular one is closet to our home.So if we eat at Paradise this is the one we go to. The cleanliness of the store is good. Tables are always clean and kept up. Bathroom is clean and stocked.  Soup is normally good, unfortunately the bread bowls leave a lot to be desired :(Two out of three times the bread is stale.Sandwiches are good, Mac and Cheese is wonderful!
I have been here several times now. A very healthy place to come to eat. The food is wonderful and very fresh. Nice and modern decor as well.The only down side is it is very expensive i think. But it is in the Biltmore so that ups the price.You can have your car valeted, or park in yourself in the nice cool parking Garage in the back. I opted for that.  It was started by Dr. Andrew Weil and the first time i went there with my friend Kris, he was sitting right next to us at a table.  It is a very nice place to go when you want to have a lovely relaxing lunch and really enjoy yourself.
We stopped in for a bit to eat and some sports watching the other night. My boyfriend had never been before and we are close to down town so it seemed a great idea. Pleased we were! First we got a bomb parking spot right out the front door and it wasn't too crowded so we got a nice table and served quickly. They have happyhour until 7pm, which I love! Most place stop at 6, which sucks since most people cant make it anywhere without driving light speed before 6pm after work. So 7pm cut off for HH is a great find! Pass it on!We ordered the boneless wings to start with half medium sauce and half of their special TD sauce, I recommend both! TD sauce is similar to Zipps Golden sauce if you know what that is like, but better. Then I got the chicken tacos, very good. Enjoyed them greatly! Exactly what I was looking for, hit the spot! Jon got some kinda spicy pasta, which when it hit the table looked amazing, however big prob, they put mushrooms in it, this isn't listed on the menu and Jon is allergic. They took care of it quickly though, remade his selection sans mushrooms and we found out it was as good as it looked. Very nice staff, clean inside, fast service, lots of TVs.... and great happyhour specials!
I've been coming here for YEARS and just thought to review it?  WTF is wrong with me???????????????????????THIS is Mexican seafood.  I've been to other places and nothing compares!  I take a book, sit in back and people watch while creaming my "Make Me Yelp" panties as I eat my culichi.  It's D I V I N E!  Eat the shrimp with a fork but you sure as Hell better use a spoon to destroy the rest of the bowl and leave it clean!Everything is fresh and the wait staff is loaded with recommendations.  Ask, and ye shall find. The snapper Veracruz is so good I often order 2 and take one home.  The decor is fun - aquatic scenes that won't make you feel guilty for eating the seafood in front of you.  At Xmas they had a Santa at the door!  The people here a super-friendly!  They have their own parking lot.  You know it's a good place when yours isn't the fanciest car in the parking lot.  All kinds come here, despite the neighborhood not being the nicest in DoPho.  You can't miss it - even though I do pass it every time!  I think I'm too excited thinking of the shrimp culichi and my mouth is watering so much that I always manage to say "Crap, passed it again!"Go.  Just go to this place.  You won't be disappointed.  I swear.  And, you won't break the bank.
Well had I known Fibber Magees was the same ownership group as the Skeptical Chymist, I might not have approached it with so much scrutiny (the Chymyst is one of my favorite Irish pubs in the Valley)...... but you fellow Yelpers can be glad I did, right?!I walked into the joint around 3pm... not quite knowing what to expect.  From the front, it looked like there was no patio (which bummed me out because it's a great time of year for outdoor seating), but it looks like it's been there a while.  Usually... the whole "looks like it's been there a while" might not be a good thing...... but when it comes to Irish pubs in the Valley, the long-standing icons seem to outperform, overall...Stepping in and the place looks COMPLETELY legit!  There's wood everywhere... barrels turned into high-tops... low lighting... Irish memorabilia all over... and almost all UK or European beers on draught and bottle.  Aaaaah...... sigh of relief!As I sat down at a pub table, there were only a couple other people in the place (3pm on a Thursday isn't peak for anyone), and the barkeep shouted across, "Hey buddy - what can I get for ya?!"Homey feeling already, I told him... grinning... "I'd love a pint of Guinness if you actually know what you're doin' around here!"He laughed and said, "Of course I do, man!  Wouldn't let anyone down when it comes to Guinness.""Done," I said, "... and throw a food menu my way too.  The wife'll be here shortly.""Right on!"He DID know how to pour a stout - second best pour in the Valley, actually (I pour the best - c'mon now)!While I waited for my stout and the food menu... I caroused the bar menu...... and THAT'S when I saw it.  PLEASE TRY OUR OTHER LOCATION: SKEPTICAL CHYMIST.Aha!  That's why this place rocks, already.  This is the first one... the one that allowed them to expand over to one of my favorite pubs in the Valley - NICE!To make an already long story shorter......This place is JUST as legit as the Chymist in Scottsdale.  Slightly DIFFERENT menu (to include beer selection)... but all the main stuff is the same... to include the great service!  They also have a great cigar-friendly patio that is out a separate side door... a game room with pool tables, arcade games, and darts......The ONLY thing that didn't throw this over the top and into 5 stars was the crab cakes.  They're not cheap... and you get two pretty small cakes with about 4 bites of a salad.  The cakes were decent and the salad dressing fantastic...... but, for what we paid, there should be more to eat in my humble opinion.I also learned that SOME of the owners are also responsible for Tim Finnegan's over in the Metro area...... so I took the time to tell our barkeep (also the manager) about everything good AND bad I thought about that place.  He agreed...... and I think will probably say something (doesn't seem the type to keep his trap shut - in a good way, I mean).Bottom line: another WINNER Irish Pub in the Valley!Slainte!
It's funny how much more you can appreciate a place once you don't have to work there anymore. Such is how I feel about The Coffee Bean. I worked at this location for almost two years, and while I was miserable pretty much the entire time I still enjoy coming here for coffee. One of the reasons being, I love the location. Being a bit more off the beaten path, it caters to a more neighborhood-y crowd for being a chain. A lot more regulars and not as many tourists(except during Spring Training time which always made me especially suicidal when I was an employee). And the coffee is pretty decent. There aren't as many selections of flavors as Starbucks but I always thought the quality was better. I highly suggest trying the new Pecan Praline latte which is delicious, plus the blendeds are far superior due to them actually being BLENDED and not chunks of ice. The place closes at 7pm all week so it's not exactly a nighttime hangout. Of course when I worked there closing time was an annoying and unnecessary 9pm....it's nice the bastards finally get their act together AFTER I leave.Oh and for all you guys out there, the place is next to Ford Modeling Agency so you can see models, yes real models, probably on their go-sees milling around carrying their little portfolios. It's very ANTM.
Darn good coffee tucked away in an unassuming location near ASU. Off beat vibe, kind of like somewhere that is trying to give the Seattle or more hippie Portland vibe to you in AZ. The drinks were solid, but not amazing. I had a better experience the times I went to Cartel in downtown PHX so I expected a little more here. Still, probably the best place in Tempe to come for a real handcrafted espresso beverage. And I can imagine if you were looking for study spots in the area, have the requisite Macbook, and want t be a cool hipster kid, this is as good of a place as any to plug. In and work on that term paper. But be warned, it gets busy and seating is limited.It's 3.5 for sure, but I don't round up for them because they weren't very friendly either time I was here...and that bugged. Especially when I tried to talk to them about their espresso machine. They recently upgraded from a Synesso to a LaMarzocco Strada (OH MY GOD) - and that deserves discussion.Also note, no big signs...just a smallish sign that says "Cartel Coffee Lab." Easy to miss. Come check 'em out of you're over in Tempe, otherwise try the downtown location.
New place - " Perked " up my day! Service- walking into an empty place is never fun, but my server"Hillary" walked right up and told me all about the place and, although not hungry made me feel like trying it out and having a bite. She was extreamly helpful and nice. an absolute delight!The Looks- It was slightly hard what to think , it was very nice and clean, which is so very important, although I got a cool hipster vibe  then a everyday local diner vibe. I wasnt sure how to take it. But It was sill welcoming.Grub a dub- The menu was very nice with lots of options to choose from , the standard stuff. All the breakfast and lunch basics and a few extras. No complaints!:) My food was fast, hot and super great! I am looking forward to having a second helping soon.Break it down Jess- Over all it being a new place still has some kinks to work out. But as far as good food and good service I highly recommend it!!I was happy to find it there really is nothing like it in the area so its a good find.They do cage free eggs and local bought items. Also organic food. (mostly) . I hope to pull up a chair next to you soon.* I filled out a comment card and received an email regarding everything I had mentioned rather quickly. I think this shows the dedication to making every guest welcome and not only does this show in the service but in the food as well. I hope its here to stay.
As a historic preservationist, I love the old building. If I could have designed a store for an adaptive reuse project, it would look like this. The fresh produce always looks amazing. They carry ice cream from Sweet Republic and other products you would associate with a farmers market, i.e. non-label or locally produced food like honey, chips, cheese, etc. I go for the wine. I wasn't a wine snob before but I am now. I will no longer drink wine if it's not grown in Arizona. The public market has a wide selection of Arizona wine (a little more on the pricey side) but worth it. This is a great place to see neighbors, friends, and to really feel the sense of place in the community that the Public Market has created.
Been there for 2 company type Xmas parties and one time after getting my new car around that area. Its actually pretty decent, I would probably give it 3.5 stars but no option and am cool, so will bump it up to 4 even though it is really more a 3.5, but when in doubt and no clear cut bad experience then using my discretion and my former Yelping experience, I will go to the 4 mark. The 2 Xmas parties, last year and this year were well catered. The chips and salsa were flowing and the margs were good. I like the white chicken enchilada thing and the apple desert burrito/crepe was very good. The service was very professional too. Good place to host a company party for sure. I will have to say, when I went (paid for myself) it just didn't seem as good when someone else is paying for it? When we went we had 2 entrees, and 2 margaritas and it was like $60, and that kind of hit home, and at times, it does seem a bit bland. But if in that area, and want some decent food, with good chips and salsa in a nice atmosphere, you can't go too wrong with Cantina Laredo!
I used to recommend Lemongrass to everyone I'd meet whenever I'm asked "where do you go for great Thai food?"  My Thai coworkers told me to check this place out, and this I did on the cafe's first week.  I RAVED over their food- pad woon sen, pad thai, tom kah soup, all curries.  A coworker who visited the cafe twice reported back that while he enjoyed the food, he didn't think the cafe would do well since each time he visited (he went twice many many moons ago), business was very slow.  I also reco'd the cafe to a few people connected with the Vegetarian Society, who soon gathered there for a dinner which I couldn't attend.  The event was a success.  Another coworker refuses to try another Thai resto since I've turned him onto LTC.  Why should he try another when he can get the food he loves cooked the way he wants it here?  Amen, and LTC has me to thank for his business every time.Then one night, many, many months ago, I had called and placed a couple orders, like I've done a few times before, so that the entrees would be ready for me by the time I arrived from work.  I previously gave the owners/cooks a list of food allergies, which I again went over on the phone.  Imagine, then, my disappointment to find that they'd added an ingredient we had not agreed on on a dish that, had it not contained tofu, I would have taken home for my Mom to enjoy (I like tofu, she doesn't).  The cook who decided to use the ingredient took offense when I had sent the dish back.  I told the co-owner/host that I would gladly take the $8 dish home, only I couldn't since no one would be able to eat it, and that I'd like gladly pay for another dish if I could order something else.  In the end, I wasn't charged for the dish and service, once offered profusely every time I walked into that cafe, was non-existent from that time forward.  All this over an $8 item.  I didn't visit the cafe again for two months until a coworker told me that the friendlier co-owner was asking for me to come visit again.  I did, but, LTC, "you've lost that loving feeling."  It used to sadden me that I couldn't enjoy the great flavors LTC used to offer, but I've since found a handful of other places that offer equivalent, if not better, dishes!  I do wish the owners/cooks all the best in their venture, as they can provide delicious dishes at LTC.  I just hope they do not treat many of their customers as they did me.
Went again for lunch! Yuuummmm yummmmm Polished off a huge bowl of Curry Eggplant! Its so fucking delicious!!! Hawaiian guy and Indian girl i went with loved it as well. It IS a bit more spicy then your run of the mill average Indian joint. So be aware of that. I am sure they will be happy to tone it down for you, but then, of course, you toning down your experience. I loved it as is. Its awesome and i am sure as hell coming back!PLEASE!!! P L E A S E do not listen to retards who bash this place for various stupid non-related shit!!! Stop by and try it. I brought half a dozen people there at various times and not one walked away disappointed - From actual Indian people to Alabama hick, to Scottsdale snob to average Joe.
The coffee here is incredible, as are the vegan goodies, but the service is so slow and sometimes there aren't even vegan goodies!  It's kind of a drive for me to go there, so I always call ahead to see if they have treats for me, but answering doesn't seem like a priority for the people who work here.  Slow service would be fine if they had vegan chocolate chips, but I am not taking the gamble again, its not worth a 15 minute drive for a toddy.  I will make one here at my house.  I will continue to try and call, and if they one day miraculously break away from their ping pong games (seriously I heard a barista use this excuse for why the customer waited 5 minutes at an unattended bar) to answer the phone and tell me that they have something more to offer than a toddy, then I will go back.  Until then, find me at Lux or the new Cartel.  They don't have vegan goodies either, but the service is fantastic.  I know you guys are "conspiring" or whatever, but it's a business, and brand equity matters.  Your competition is thick and you provide a service that is an easy "skip" in tough financial times.  Might want to step your game up.  Being nice isn't quite good enough.
Bing-effing-Soo. My new favorite thing in life. If you're like me, you've probably never heard of "Bingsoo" before. It's one of those things that makes me feel like I'm not as culturally aware as I think I am. Bingsoo is a Korean dessert which works like this: -You take a bowl and fill the bottom portion with shaved ice. -You take some frozen yogurt and plop it on top of the shaved ice. -Sprinkle in a healthy serving of fresh fruit into the mix. (your choice of what) -Finally add a fruit puree to top it off. ...now if you're a finicky eater like me, then your first instinct might be to try and eat the Bingsoo as it is served in different layers...don't do it...this is one instance where you wanna bring back your inner first grader, and just mix it all up into a mush. Trust me...it's absolutely delicious that way. If you're a bit crazy...add some boba balls into the mix, to top it all off...why not. If you mix it all up, you'll be left with a blissful bowl of icy/fruity goodness. I can't believe it took me 27 years of walking this earth to discover that shaved ice mixed with yogurt and fruit could be such a heavenly (and healthy) treat. They also serve boba tea and all sorts of other random smoothies, drinks and desserts...but you come here for the Bingsoo. I really hope Bingsoo catches on, because if the mainstream public could taste this stuff they'd be hooked...most people in America just haven't heard of it I'm assuming, so they don't know what they're missing. I'm not aware of any other place in the valley that serves this up besides Fresco...I could be wrong though. You heard it here... Add Bingsoo to your 'toodoo' list. 4/5
Maybe my expectations were super high since El Chorro Lodge is like an Arizona institution, but after experiencing a meal at this restaurant, I can't bring myself to give more than three stars.  Don't get me wrong, it was "A-OK," it just didn't blow me away.The history of this place dates back to the 1930's and is pretty amazing.  You can read about it on their website.  The outdoor dining area is huge and has great views of Camelback Mountain.  The live music provides for a nice ambiance as well... at least live music when we were there on a Saturday night.  And our meal got off to a nice start with the relish tray and sticky buns - yum!  But the service was really slow and the food was nothing to write home about.  We found it to be overpriced as well.I'd consider returning to El Chorro for brunch or lunch or drinks or just picking up sticky buns "to go" sometime, but I wouldn't recommend it for dinner.
I first went here yesterday for lunch to help support Dining Out for Life.  My two coworkers and I were all new to the lunch spot and we were all impressed when we left.I had the chicken salad sandwich with some jalapeno chips, one friend had the southwest salad and the other had a bagel and lox.  Yes, the service was a little slow.  We weren't on a time crunch so we were okay with it, although really hungry!  All of the food seemed very fresh and I think the delicious wheat bread for my sandwich might have been made that day.  It even came with a pickle - an added touch I like with my sandwiches and burgers.The menu had a lot of options and the portions were good, but not overly huge.  Another plus - the price is right.  They also serve b-fast all day long - one of my favorites!  I will definitely be back here and now I have another work-lunch option in the area.  Woohoo!One weird side note - I think we were the only people under 65 in the joint save one family with small children sitting outside...
We used Chocofin chocolates for our wedding favors, and the owners were very friendly and accommodating.  They're extremely knowledgeable about the fine art of making chocolates, and it shows in every carefully crafted truffle or chocolate they make.  They even have sugar free chocolates, which was an important factor for us since we had a few diabetic people at our reception.  The chocolate raspberry and the banana macadamia nut are absolutely amazing!  I highly recommend them.
This was the second time I've been to a Village Inn, but the first time I have actually ordered food.  Both trips involved bad service or at least service that was understaffed for the crowd.  My husband had seen a commercial for a breakfast skillet on TV that was apparently very enticing.  So we mapped out our chores for the day and found a Village Inn along our path.Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, but obviously frazzled.  He helped me narrow down our choices by answering our questions about the menu.  I ordered 2 eggs, hash browns, sausage and rye toast.  The husband ordered a sausage skillet.  To our amazement, the plates that were presented to us a short time later, LOOKED EXACTLY LIKE THE PICTURES ON THE MENU. This is the first time in Arizona that I received hash browns that were actually brown.  What a concept!! And not just brown on the top. Nooo, these babies were browned on both sides. Crispy, yummy and BROWN hash browns.  And I didn't ask for them to be cooked that way.  Every other restaurant in Arizona does such a pisspoor job of browning hash browns, that I've completely given up on asking for my potatoes to be done "dark."  I usually end up with a plate of mushy potato shreds dripping with butter substitute.  Gross. I've come to the point that I ignore that the potatoes are even there.But before my very eyes is a plate with the potatoes cooked just right, eggs exactly how I asked them to be cooked, tasty sausage links and two thick pieces of marble rye.  That's a lot of food when you plan on actually eating the potatoes.My husband was equally pleased with his skillet.  We both couldn't believe that there was a chain in Arizona that actually had a decent breakfast, and that we failed to realize it until 5 months before we leave the state.  :(
Had dinner here with 5 other friends celebrating P's birthday. We shared the falafel and hummus. The hummus was okay, a little too watery for me, but the falafel was good. For the entree we shared rice and 2 huge platters of grilled meat--an assortment of gyros, lamb, beef, and chicken. The meats were pretty good and there was tzatziki and yogurt sauce on the side. The rice was outstanding. The rice was seasoned with cinammon and other spices and had golden raisins and toasted nuts.  Yummy.Total bill for 6 people (including soft drinks and tax) was $98.
I bought a Groupon for Blue Fin a couple of years ago and never used it. However on my last trip into the city I decided that I would go and redeem it for the purchased value while I was out that way. Boy am I happy that I did!!Quite frankly, this place impressed my socks right off. I had heard that it had some good items however I must say that is quite an understatement. Best Teriyaki in the city by far; their panko chicken is also to die for!Bottom line: I live in south east Gilbert and have driven to eat here 3 times in the last month. Enough said.
We (me and husband) are pretty happy with the location of this new wine bar, since it's within bike-riding distance from our house. The decor is nice, cool patio with couches, full bar and a nice little menu. We met some friends there last Friday night thinking it would be semi-quiet since it just opened, but it was pretty busy, not complaining, I'm happy places around here are busy. The only thing is it was packed with cougars, cougars acting like 20-year-olds, so not really our thing. But maybe it will calm down after it's open a little longer, crossing our fingers, we really wanted to like this place.
I am only reviewing the Dim Sum.  Went there on a Saturday afternoon and man o man, it is packed to the gills!  Thank goodness we made a reservation for 18 and requested to seat in the main dinning room.  The dim sum carts were flying all over the aisles.  Some carts will stop by to ask what you like and some fly by without getting you a chance to see what is available.  We had so many dishes, so I will only comments on the ones that I remember.Pros:Lai Bak Go (Taro Fried Cakes) - Warm, perfected fried on both sides, and tastyShu Mai (Dumplings) - Pretty large sizes, good taste, and warmChar Sui Bao (Steamed BBQ Pork Buns) - BBQ was flavorful and steamed perfectlyPork and Preserved Egg Rice Soup - OMG, good!!!Gar Lear (Fried Bread wrapped with flat rice noodles) - Crispy bread, soft noodles, and mixed with the perfect soy sauce mixtureCon:Black bean with spare ribs - flavorless and oilyWhite Snow Buns - Deflated and undoneI need to come back!!!
A couple of visits now under the belt. The first one I had an Italian beef and it was alright I suppose, but I am hard to please when it comes to this item. On a recent visit for lunch, tried the char cheddar dog. It was nicely charred, the bun was spread with a good amount of the sharp cheddar spread like Merkts which I like. However the bun was not steamed and the cook was a bit over enthusiastic with the celery salt, as a little goes a long way. I also sampled the sliders. Same issue as with the dog, the buns were not steamed whatsoever. The mini burger is certainly priced right but the cheese and condiments were both understated here. Charred burgers are nice I suppose, but not steam grilled like a true slider. Better versions across town. On the plus side lunch was pretty cheap at around ten bucks. I am thinking 2.5 until I get back here and put another taste on this place. One odd thing I found about the service was that receipts had numbers, yet the expediter delivering food to the masses would call out what the items were instead of just calling out a number. Also the dual flat screen monitor menu boards are difficult to read, lots of glare and they change images. Most people I observed picked up a take out paper menu to place their order. Kind of defeats the purpose and made the ease of ordering more difficult and slower than it has to be
Went here with the hubby last night for the first time with the Yelp International Supper Club. I had a great time meeting some fellow Yelpers and getting to try out a new place. I had seen this restaurant on Check Please! on PBS so it was already on my super-long and always growing "to try" bookmark list. We started with spring rolls which tasted super fresh and delicious. They were the non-fried kind and there is nothing worse than when those get a little old and the rice paper starts to get crunchy instead of chewy. But these were perfect and came with a yummy dipping sauce. Also, there were huge whole shrimps in them instead of chopped or minced as some Asian restaurants use. The hubby got a beef noodle dish and I ordered Pho. Both were very tasty. I liked the fact that they gave you ample amounts of (very fresh) herbs and condiments to add to the soup to your liking. It reminded me of eating menudo at my MIL's house. I was also very happy to see that they included sliced jalapenos on the garnish plate... even though I didn't eat them outright as did some others at the table, I added them to the broth and let them steep a bit and it gave the perfect amount of spice to the pho. The bowl was so huge that I couldn't finish it all but it was really good and left me with a satisfied but not too stuffed feeling. Since we got there late, I had ordered hurriedly so I was very surprised when I went up to pay and both our meals including tax and tip was still less than $10. Amazing! I seriously can not remember the last time I paid so little for a good meal. I pretty much never come to this part of town but if it was closer to where we live I would definitely make this place part of our regular rotation.  The staff was friendly and accommodating as well.  The only thing they would need for a fifth star is a nicer location/ambiance.
"The Bite Means its Okay to Eat" is the motto at this paleteria.  Consequently, the mold used for making these delectable popsicles has what appears to be a bite mark.  Going in I did not know this, and was aghast when I noticed that someone had taken a bite out of not one but all of my paletas!What sets this wonderful spot apart from ice cream parlors - is not just  ice cream on a stick.  The ice cream is handmade, and only local and seasonal ingredients are used to guarantee the utmost in freshness.  Spices are ground, no preservatives are used, and it's virtually like enjoying a homemade treat.Favorites:Chocolate: blend of chocolate with spices.  Ever had Mexican chocolate?  Decadent, creamy gourmet chocolate with vanilla, cinnamon, and a dash of chile?  This is the ice cream version, and so gorgeous I could not devour it fast enough.Platano: Bananas foster, complete with homemade caramel and Anejo Rum.  Chunky bananas, blended with the sweet and spicy flavors of the rum and caramel - absolutely phenomenal!Zarzamora: Blackberry and Lavender.  Aromatic, tangy and sweet, calming, and just beautiful.Fresa Con Crema: Strawberries and Cream.  Tasted like I had whipped up a batch of strawberries with fresh whipped cream and sugar.  Superb!I recommend this as a wonderful stop after dinner for dessert.  There is plenty of seating inside and out, to sit back and relax and enjoy the flavor explosion.
After passing Grand Lux Cafe about a hundred times, I finally had the chance to check it out. Knowing it was a sibling of Cheesecake Factory, I expected a similar menu. Upon entering, it had the same feeling as a Cheesecake. We sat down and the second the menu opened, realized, the menu was about as detailed as well! From sandwiches, to dishes from every culture imaginable, this restaurant definitely has something for everyone to choose from. As the friendly waiter welcomed us, he told us about the menu and mentioned that Grand Lux focuses on serving different cultural cuisine from pretty much every region around. In one sitting you could try Thai, Chinese, Mexican and Italian. Yet, it wasn't actually as weird as it sounds. It really just depends on what your taste buds are in the mood for. However, the waiter did warn us that portions were large. How large? I was about to find out. With so many options to choose from, I ended up going with the spicy flat bread chicken sandwich full of corn, avocado tomatoes and freshly grilled chicken. We had the chicken lettuce wraps to start. The second my meal arrived, I realized that friendly waiter was definitely not kidding when he said the portions were large. I think my sandwich equaled 2-3 full meals. The sandwich came in quarter flat breads and equaled nearly one full sandwich per each quarter. And they gave me four of them! The french fries heaped on the plate as well. I managed to eat one quarter of the sandwich and felt wasteful for not being able to finish the rest, but my waistline is already in a fight with me and the one quarter completely filled me up. However, when we sat down, friendly waiter mentioned the desserts (we should have just skipped right ahead) and said that they took a half an hour to prepare because they were freshly made. Who can pass up an opportunity to eat freshly made dessert so beignets it was. True to the theme of overly portioned items, they brought out eight (!!) large fist sized beignets steaming hot and oozing with freshly melting powdered sugar. To accompany them, they gave three dipping sauces. Heaven. That's all I can say. It was worth every bite...of the one I had. With six remaining, I wonder who could possible finish eight large beignets unless you are with a group of eight! After visiting Grand Lux, I definitely think more highly of it then I did the hundreds of times I passed it and I would absolutely go back again. But, I know now to listen to the man when he says the portions are big! So I'll just skip right ahead to dessert.
I mean, they just do it right.  Everything from their service, to the quality of the food, to the bathrooms, to the piano music, to their professionalism, it's just spot on.  I have been frequenting My Florist for several years.  They were one of the first places that started to change the way I felt about Phoenix....  They sort of teetered the totter that was heavily leaning in the direction of "the people are losing the fight in Phoenix.  Corporate takeover is assured."  Breath of fresh air to walk in and see a lot of the same wait staff that has been there for several years.  That says a lot.  The food is delicious.  Very fresh.  Very artisan, far from run of the mill, but still simple and not overly ridiculous.  The portions are large.  Large sandwiches, enormous delicious salads.  The servers are full of fabulous suggestions, and their daily specials are amazing.  I've been there many times, and I don't think my beverage has ever gotten empty without being offered a refill, and they have never failed to check back with me to see how everything tastes.I always tip extremely well here, because it is deserved.  In fact, I randomly ran into one of the servers at another establishment, and he just couldn't think of where he knew me from (me either) and then his eyes got bright and he said, "Oh wait!  you come into My Florist!  You're a great tipper!".  So next time you are pondering whether or not to leave the extra coupla dollars (c'mon, you know you'll just blow it on something stupid), leave it for your server when provided with great service.  My Florist is a place that recognizes their fan-base, and consistenly comes through.  I recommend the brie salad, the turkey and brie sandwich, and any of their soups.  Yes, I like brie.  It's freakin delicious, okay.
Beautiful decor ... poor service. We made a reservation for which we were only 10 minutes late for due to traffic. We were told that it would be a 15-20 minute wait for a table. After waiting for 40 minutes (it is 730 pm now), a hostess told us it would be another 15-20 minute wait.  They did offer a sit at the bar if we wanted to eat there, and that they were 'very sorry'. Did I mention that it was a Tuesday night? We drove all the way from Mesa, and it was my birthday! We got a babysitter for the night and they couldn't give us a table!!I'm pregnant! No, I don't want to sit at the bar in a stool after watiing for 40 minutes!!!! So we left. After waiting all that time. And we still have to pay valet. Save your money. There are other fine steakhouses in Scottsdale.
I've been here 3 times for a group happy hour. The first time, it was excellent.  Had a great waiter who stayed on top of things and even came over to remind us about happy hour ending and to see if we wanted any more drink orders so he could get them in before the cut off.The second time, it was a bit worse.  We had a large group, and took up the entire patio.  However, there was only 1 waitress for about 40 of us.  She forgot orders, brought out wrong things, and had no idea who ordered which thing.  She overcharged me too many drinks that had already been paid for.But since they have decent food, and GREAT prices during happy hour, we decided to come a third time.Apparently the manager didn't appreciate our business because he immediately asked when we would be leaving.  He said that we take up the entire patio and no one else can sit out there because we take all the seats.  Mind you, every single person there is a customer.  Every single one of us ordered multiple drinks and plenty of food.  It's not like anyone was just sitting taking a seat, but not paying for anything.This manager was so rude, that my co-workers debated leaving right then.  We will definitely not come back again.  We also do a fund raiser with them and our school once or twice a year.  We are planning on canceling that.They have lost our business now, which is unfortunate.If you have a large group, go elsewhere.  If you are looking for cheap drinks, and there's only a few of you, this is an okay place.  The pretzels are cheap and okay, nothing special.My major compliment is that they have Wyder's Pear Cider, which is my favorite!
Can you sit there and say that you've never enjoyed one of the 31 flavors at Baskin Robbins? I definitely can't. In fact, I spent many afternoons during my childhood at my local Baskin Robbins enjoying flavors like Gold Medal Ribbon, Peanut Butter Chocolate, Mint Chocolate Chip and let's not forget about the season Bubble Gum flavor! That was the best because you had gum to chew once you were done with the ice cream!But moving on from my memories to my actual experience at this local Baskin Robbins. I'm giving Baskin Robbins four stars because I know that I can walk in and order a delicious ice cream cake with an adorable decoration, whether it be a golfer, a suit with a tie, a Cars scene...you name it, they've got it! This cake is an instant conversation starter, it's the perfect cake for a party and it's delicious with every bite! You can choose any ice cream flavor, chocolate or vanilla cake and the cakes range from the smallest being around $16 to around $40 for the largest. This includes the decoration. Am I the only remaining person who makes it a point to order an ice cream cake for a special occasion? Maybe, but I hope that others order them to because I don't know what I'll do if I don't have a Baskin Robbins to purchase a cute ice cream cake from! (pictures attached!)
Fun place to go to late at night when you're in need of delicious food.  Their hours are unconventional, making it a great place for a late night snack.Every time I've gone they've run out of some ingredients, which is disappointing but indicates that they have delicious food.I would describe this place as a hole in the wall, hippie, gourmet nacho place.  Sounds strange, but you'll like it.
I call this place the "G" spot (and I know I'm not alone).  For good reason.  It is amazingly delicious, some of the best gelato I've ever had! Sooooo fricking YUMMY.You can try as many flavors as you want too.  So naturally I try no less than every flavor available- haha- (they are more than happy to oblige you) whenever I go.  I have gotten pints to take home, it's that good.  It's a wonder I don't weigh 500 lbs.  I try to exercise some self restraint or I probaly would be.  But hey, isn't gelato supposed to be better for you than ice cream?? Something about the density so you eat less?  ;)Try it, you won't be disappointed.  I've only been to the Camelback location, although I'm sure they're all good.
Yum! they have the best  chai tea latte i ever tasted...my taste buds screamed for more after every sip.  chai tea in it's basic form is black tea that is brewed strong with a combination of spices and is diluted with milk and sugar. next time i will be sure to try the coffee!as for the food we have tried the papas grande burrito (eggs,potatoes and a little bacon) and it was fresh and delish. I have yet to try their desserts.  the cupcakes and scones are a big draw at the coffee house. in fact the cupcake wars will be making a stop at the coffee shop this month and will air june 29th.
Another Delicious Lunch! This time I went all out and ordered a Carnitas Chimichanga Enchilada Style (see pics) Wow! The Pork was so juicy, tender and flavorful it wasn't greasy at all this was such an indulgent thing to eat with all the cheese and sour cream and sauce etc. The only thing I didn't like was the guacamole because it was too spicy for me other than that it perfect to the last bite, Yes I ate it all! OINK!! The Hubs got his usual Stacked Enchiladas with a fried egg on top.(see pics) This time the enchiladas were served in a little crock which made the edge of the tortilla crisp but other than that he loved them once again. Rositas will be the perfect place to pick up some food for a "potluck" I'm going to take advantage of their catering menu since I've got a party to attend next month.If you're ever in the area don't be scared, just go in and enjoy yourself!
It's been a while since I have eaten here, but when I last went I had a horrific experience.  I got the chicken salad, which was full of dark meat, bone, gristle, skin, etc.  I had to run to the bathroom and get rid of it.  When I returned to the table, I calmly explained to the manager I was unhappy with the food (you could see that the quality of food was really low.)  The manager was rude and I had to argue with him to remove the meal and my drink from the bill.  I would think that after a customer was caused to vomit he would have already taken my meal off the bill...at the least.  I'd never go back.  I wrote a letter to the head chef of the chain and copied the manager and got absolutely no response from either.  Poor food.  Poor service.  Poor management that goes all the way up to the highest level.
We decided to dine at Veneto Trattoria for my farewell dinner and, unfortunately, it was incredibly disappointing. The staff clearly are not trained in customer service or restaurant etiquette (e.g. grating cheese on the lady's dish first, refilling water glasses, etc).  They hung around the bar area and eyed us as we progressed through the meal.  I couldn't understand a word that our waiter said and he completely disregarded the specifics of my questions.  He could hardly remember the nightly specials; of the vague, unintelligible list about seven dishes, all I caught was "chilled tomato soup."Shortly thereafter, diners at an adjacent table inquired about the types of pasta on the menu.  Mr. Ego condescendingly responded, "what kind of pasta do you like?"  They went back and forth several times until the customer decided against pasta altogether.  I don't blame him, what a hassle!  The food was completely underwhelming and overly salted.  Portions were unimpressive and basic things like mashed potatoes and pasta obviously originated from a box.  The chicken scallopene was so-so; the meager serving of veggies were the star.  I had a taste of some shell pasta with spicy sausage, it was unremarkable. Don't waste your time (or money) on overpriced, lackluster food served by a snitty,  impatient waitstaff.  Sorry fellow Yelpers, I just wasn't impressed; I am not compelled to return.
I am in love with Switch, AKA Switch Bakery.This newly opened joint is right on Viriginia and Central in Uptown Phoenix--squeezed between Scholtzky's and Durants. I used to loathe the fact there weren't many quality restraunts in the area where I work on Thomas and Central till I found Switch.They opened 2 months ago and feature a variety of sandwiches baked fresh everyday. You can find turkey and a variety of meat, humus, prusciutto, murano chicken etc...all outstanding, the salads are great too. There is a large communal table/ bar right in the center of the restraunt, and the room is beautifully decored in 21st century Noveu! There is also a large outside seating area between 2 walls which creates somewhat of a courtyard that opens to the back parking lot. It is absolutely delightful to dine with professionals in this al fresco setting. I love the fact you can sit anywhere without being shown to your seat, just look for the blue card that seat is open. Service is prompt too and the staff is well trained. I was surprised how busy it's been when I've gone there, apparently word has gotten round. You can check the entire menu on their website, www.switchofarizona.comA must for anyone having lunch in the uptown Phoenix district on Central Ave.They are open till 11PM too. Can't wait for happy hour.
Had lunch here with Rand H this past Wednesday.  Arriving before the lunch rush about 11:30 they worked with us old folks to find seating we would both be comfortable with.  The service stayed great throughout the meal.  Our server knew the answer to our questions.  Macayo's is not the only Arizona chain to have done well with Americanized Mexican food.  It is prepared well, tasty and presented well.  I would suggest if you order steamed veggies as one of your sides you ask for it in a separate dish as the water will drift in to your other items.
7/22/11Came in to redeem my complimentary birthday drink- chose a large Very Berry Refresher, a green coffee-based black raspberry drink rehydrated from a mix.  I enjoyed it very much, but I doubt I'll order it again, now that I know it's a rehydrated mix drink...  Service was very friendly, and the two women there were very patient w/ my questions about the new Refreshers.  I appreciate the free birthday drink, and I will continue to come here once in awhile for hot or iced black coffees!  :)
This place is really trying to be upscale, but it's not.  To me an upscale place is where you can't afford to bring your little brats.First, the good.  The staff was friendly and prompt.  Refills kept on coming.  I ate here for 6 meals over my 2 day stay at the resort and I never ordered the same dish twice just so I could try a variety.Here is a rundown of what I ate and the quality:-Chicken Quesadilla: So soggy it was falling apart, inedible-Arcioech (sp) Scallops:  It's Arizona, there are no fresh scallops.  They were overcooked and the seared spices were a soggy mess.  The potatoes and Dijon dressing were great though.-Eggs Benedict: Very good, cooked perfectly.  They do it a little different and give you smoked salmon instead of canadian bacon.  Not a bad change but they were a little cheap on the quantity of salmon.-Matador Hamburger: Fantastic burger and they will cook it rare.  If you order one well done, you shouldn't be allowed to review any red meat.-Center Cut Filet: Obviously not a prime cut.  Perfectly cooked and seared.  Veggies were also well seasoned and not overcooked.  Good choice.-Salmon: Great seasoning, slightly overcooked and bizarre sauce with the consistency of pudding under the garnish.  The sauce added nothing to the fish.-Creme Brulee: Very nicely done, maybe a little too much heat on the sugar, but still delish!-Caprese Salad: Tomatoes were flavorless and old (dried out appearance). Mozzarella was obviously a Costco purchase (not bad though).If I wasn't eating here for free, I would balk at it just for the prices let alone the mixed quality of the food.No hot waitresses here, but the server staff was great.
They say Phoenix's greatest restaurants are found in strip malls and this is a prime example.  A good friend took me here on a Monday night and we were greeted by the Italian husband and wife owners and shown all the fresh hand-made pasta specials of the evening.  I chose the crimini infused pasta with crimini mushrooms, truffle oil and....magic!  Caprese salad is the precursor to any italian meal and they have it perfected- adding roasted peppers.  The suggested wine was incredible and the pasta left me speechless!  It tasted just like the night in Rome when my new friend Fiorella took me on her vespa to the "restaurant where typical italians eat".  I savored each bite at Marcellino just as I did in Rome!It is a bit pricey, but worth every cent!  I can't wait to go back!P.S. I tried to incorporate the genius term "American Bastardization" into my yelp like Anne W, but couldn't get it to fit.  The analogy Marcellino:Rome as Olive Garden:American Bastardization of Rome is my best attempt.
Dos Gringos is rarely a planned destination.  Usually, it's an accident.  Sometimes I have a lot of fun and sometimes I have a drink and leave.  I went there again this past weekend and again it was an unplanned stop.  My friend wanted to go next door to BS West and after some guy spilled a drink down my entire back, I decided to go over to Dos where at least I wasn't wasting my outfit on men who would rather critique it than rip it off (note: that sentence sounds way sluttier than I am, so don't get all excited).  It's almost my birthday, so the bartender made me some sort of shot in a plunger.  Classy all the way.  Also, there were a bunch of Slutty Santas to help give the place a festive feel. Now, I am going to give you ladies a tip about Dos Gringos.  Don't expect to meet any quality men here.  For example, I met this hot Croatian guy on my last visit.  We had a lot of fun until I discovered his friend was actually his girlfriend.  Don't you just love it when guys refer to their girlfriends as just friends, but then the girlfriend reveals that they're dating and you stand there looking like an idiot and try to find a polite way to exit.  Well, I sure do.  What's up with that?  Talk about uncomfortable.  I am starting to become convinced that only guys who are looking to cheat on their girlfriends go to this bar... that or I only attract men with girlfriends.  Either way, please stop hitting on me taken and/or married men.  Thanks.
I dined in the bar alone like a loser but I don't mind it gives me time to think and reflect. I had the 1/2lb burger and a side salad w blue cheese. Then burger is a grilled burger cooked to order on a really good fresh bun. All the normal fixings. The meat had good flavor and did not seem to be a frozen patty . YEA! The bun was grilled a little and had to have had some butter smeared into it. The burger was good, but not the best. (see Poor Reds) The salad was good, a little more then the basic iceberg lettuce and a tomato. It had cucumber, tomato, several type of lettuce and some sweet flavored white shredded thing in the middle. The dressing was good but again not the best. The bartender, the manager and the door girl were all really nice and they appear to really care about what you think.
My boyfriend and I came here for restaurant week this year hoping to try some of the fine dining in Arizona. This place is quite fancy! It has the dim lights, cloth napkins, the whole cute dinner date ambiance where you feel you can only speak in little more than a whisper. The waiter was very friendly, helpful, and service was excellent.I can't exactly remember the food except for the fact that everything was very very salty! I'm a person that can handle my salt and even I thought it was too salty! I was so surprised because of the great reviews this place has gotten and the overall environment. Maybe it was a bad night or something but it was so salty I drank about 5 glasses of water!
I originally reviewed this place with my Elite account earlier this year ,when my kids came to visit and insisted " we go"  so 10 of us went .Had a great time and in my opinion worth going to with visiting friends/family  or after taking in a game .They of course had to order the loaded  Big Unit  ,which everyone tried a piece ( not bad) covered in chili,peppers,relish,sauerkraut.etc ( total belly bomber)The Asian salad was decent ,as was the pork sliders,ribs .place was packed when we were there.service was decent.Lot's of cool Memorabilia...a little pricey ..but hey ,that's showbiz !
Around the corner and down the road from my new place is the bestest sushi place!! Very mom and pop... if mom and pop were into lime green and sleek contemporary decor. Very clean and kinda ackwardly set up, Cafe Wasabi reminds me of Subway... except this is really fresh! I've had the Hawaiian Roll and the Rainbow Roll - both were really good as was the Orange shrimp roll. The nigiri is good - but then again, nigiri is always good. :) Along the counter's sneeze guard are pictures and descriptions of the various rolls available. Some look too exotic to try and others are regular standbys. I can see first timers getting squeemish when they see them on display. One cool touch is the maaaany empty sake bottles that are decorated by the lucky souls that drank them. I have yet to try one myself - but the bottles on the shelves and counter sure look cute.The sushi is good, I never had any stomach problems after eating there and I always leave there happy I came and promising myself that next time I'll try the green tea ice cream... i would - but I'm always too full!!
We have been to Raul & Theresa's a few times.  Let me start by saying that my wife is hispanic and has spent alot of time in Mexico eating authentic Mexican food.  We are not impressed.  The decor is old and not very clean.  The whole place smells like cooking oil and so will your clothes when you leave.  The food is over spiced and still not very tasty.  I dont think we will be returning.
I've passed by Regio's plenty of times and I wish I had tried them sooner! Tucked right next to the 51 on Indian School, Regio's is far from an optimum location, but I can agree with most of the other reviews so far and say that the food is poppin'! I got a gordita plate from them on New Year's Day, and I was way surprised! It was delicious, and it helped settle my stomach after a night of properly ringing in 2011...I want to go back as I write this to try their sopes! If their carne asada and their al pastor gorditas are any indicator, I will sure be in for a delicious treat! If you live in Central Phoenix and fancy some good, cheap Mexican food from a local joint, get your buns over to Regio's. I personally think I found my new regular spot for some Mexican chow.
My friends and I had a blast at Benihana on a recent visit!  I'm sure we could have found better Asian food in Scottsdale (especially the sushi) but you really go to Benihana for the show.  The chef at our table was great and actually was able to get all of food on our plate, even the stuff he threw.  You can't go wrong with the Tepanyaki anything (and it's a great place to go if you're doing a protein diet).  As for the sushi--ehh--go somewhere else for that.  We all left laughing and happily stuffed.  They're opening a location in Chandler soon, too!
Keep your eyes open, I almost drove right by this place. Might have been because it's a lot more house-looking than restaurant-looking. Not complaining, just saying. I love the converted house thing, just wasn't expecting it. Or maybe it was because the Yelper I was following turned into the parking lot a moment after two cars cut in front of me and she disappeared from view. Either way, I found it, and I'm glad I did.First, I gotta give 'em props for the way they handled our large, unexpected and occasionally raucous group - service was friendly and efficient. Lisa G herself even came over to say hello, pose for pictures and answer detailed questions about her fabulous food. Did I just say fabulous? Weird. Not part of my typical nomenclature. Did I just say nomenclature? Did I use it correctly? Anyhoo - was part of a large group like I said, so I got to sample/steal bits and pieces of several different menu options.. cheese, cranberries, and candied almonds from the antipasto plate, shrimp and veggies from the skewer plate, more candied almonds from the antipasto plate, the empanadas - ooh, the empanadas - they were the best part. I'm not sure which I enjoyed more, the eggplant/zuchini/blue cheese & pine nuts or the Mushroom/onions/almonds & parmesan cheese.. Probably the eggplant, which is weird, because I don't normally care for eggplant. Oh, but the mushrooms were so good. Hmm.. think I'll have to go back and have them again to be sure. Lastly, we ordered the seared ahi mini-sandwiches with wasabi sauce, which I loved - though the Yelper I shared them with didn't so much. But she's crazy, you shouldn't listen to her.
guessing, we've all, seen those signsvienna beef, a thousand timessun bright yellow, big blue Vweiners from, windy cityserve 'em down at,  Franks A-Lotfortieth, washington's, gota dog house on, east side of streetsells dogs, even, mike vick can't beator any of the, weiner vendorscostco dogs? return to senderyelpers  yap 'bout,  tempe's Tedschicago's Lukes, i'm here, insteaddrives too far, wait's too longinching towards, a Franks, foot longhot dog man, I'm barking loudi give Franks a big, bow WOWwhile relishing, a spicy polish poppy bun, mustard, you know itneeds onions and celery saltpicnic tables, diners halttheir day, to dig a dogor drive thru, if they don't have longto sit and watch, the world pass bylight rail, semis, homeless guyshopping cart, pushed it pastcaught my eye, stopped and askedif i could, maybe, spare a fewtwo twenty-five, bought his lunch, toocooped, inside, since '88cooks,  cashier, crammed in a space'bout the size, of my closetnot sure, really, how Franks, does itphilly steaks, burgers toomore than, vienna, waits for youso if you crave, a great frankfurteryou don't need to, drive no furtherthan this little, hot dog standthanks Franks,  A-Lot,  you dah man
Went for breakfast and everyone around us was sending back the food because it was not hot. I had the Lox and bagels which was good but it seemed not a lot of people enjoyed their food. But good prices and decent food.
I'm back in AZ again this week and just had some pretty dang good pizza. 12 of us filtered into this place and they handled that pretty well. you order at the counter, prices are decent, calzones are gigantic, the pizza was huge, and my sandwich was good. the beer was flowing like wine. i'm sleepyand boring
12/10/09Attended Yelp Office Hour here today.  Had the latte w/ a few chocolate chip cookies that Sarah G. had made.  Lovely space (and delicious latte)!  I'd give 4 stars if the coffee was served at the table, but for now only 3.  I like the nice furniture, both at the dining area and the working lounge.  I hope to be back soon to have another latte (and a pretty one, at that!), catch up on writing Yelp reviews, and just hang out!
Right at Warner and Price, just east of the 10 you will find Brubaker's.  I stumbled on them yesterday and tried a bagel sandwich with a decaf coffee.The atmosphere is very light and airy for a coffee house and the furnishings are rather elegant.  Nice touches abound.I had my sandwich on a whole wheat bagel.  Ham, egg and provolone.  It was obvious that everything was freshly prepared and the sandwich was nice.  The bagel was perfectly resistant to the teeth before yielding it's fresh grainy goodness.My decaf was fine.  Nothing notable about the coffee good or bad.  Service was friendly and accommodating.  The large pastry display had some very delicious looking baked goods.  I'll be back.
How in the world have I not reviewed San Tan?! Since Chandler, Arizona's become a second home, we'd always meant to visit the local microbreweries, especially after seeing a small article about it revolving around small businesses and their handcrafted delights. I think there's like 20 in the valley, with Rock Bottom and BJ's accounting for a good chunk of them. Went to San Tan, got up to the bar, and was greeted by a cute barkeep asking us if we'd ever been there before, and when we said no she started asking us what kind of beer we like and poured a couple samples of their draughts and only charged us when we finally picked what we wanted pints of ($3.75 apiece - happy hour price). The boyfriend got one of the IPAs, and though I'm more of a cider drinker I picked up their hef mixed with pineapple juice, as the bartender suggested. Despite my aversion to pineapple juice (drinking it usually makes my stomach turn, though eating the fruit itself doesn't do this), the two beverages complemented each other nicely. As far as wallet-friendly microbrews go I'd say San Tan's among the best in terms of quality. All the bartenders were pretty cool and casual, and we left feeling a bit on the giddy side so we took a long, looooooong walk around the park area across the parking lot. I think we walked around that column with all the farmers and settlers on it a good 40 or 50 times before we were good to go.
A warm greeting means alot, but if that's the best part of one's take out experience, the establishment probably doesnt warrant four or five stars.  Portions are solid and prices fair, but there are a number of things Karey's could improve on. First, the signature dishes we tried didnt have much wow factor at all.   The cute little lumpia are like Sharon Stone in 'Basic Instinct'. Blonde and delicious on the outside, dark and horrible within. The pork paste, or whatever it is, might as well be dog food. Sorry, but that's my honest opinion.  The authentic, custardy cassava cake was different (yay!) and cheap(yay!), but quite mild for a dessert, at least to my undiscerning, sugar-addled taste.   Our chicken sample was dry, the pork adobo and beef offered were better - the texture of the slow cooked beef reminded me of my mother's Yankee pot roast - only this had less flavor and seasoning.  My unadventerous teen said his beef burrito was one of the worst meals he's had in a while...not much juicy meat taste and a ridiculous amount of cheese which overpowered everything.  Second, the free samples are fun and appreciated but the context in which they're provided is a little awkward.  When we walked in, all the steamtrays were covered and there were no pictures of the food - at least not that I remember. Maybe there's a culinary reason for the covers, but you cant SEE or really SMELL any food!  So you're kind of at Karen's "mercy" to provide you with these toothpick samples.  She cheerfully offered three mainstays (chicken, beef, pork)...and then there was this sort of lull, where I guess we were supposed to "decide", despite a blackboard off to the side, listing four or five addtl specialties.   It's partly my fault. I asked about pancit and dropped a hint or two that I wanted to try a variety, but couldve been more forceful probing options.  By this time, however, we had already eaten six skewers and I felt a little piggish asking for more. And Karen didnt offer more. Were we hard sold something we didnt want? No.  But I felt gently steered toward a few standard selections and away from other (more exotic?) options, especially considering there was nobody behind us in line.  If the covers were off, or there were pictures, I'd have been more likely to say, "That looks interesting" or "that smells good, what's that?".   In lieu of a detailed, descriptive menu (there is none, although Karen was verbally descriptive and very helpful) I just think a customer benefits most from a visual display (think Miracle Mile Deli, Panda Express, etc) of ready to eat fare.     We stopped by around 5:30pm on a Thursday, and were at Karey's around  fifteen minutes.  There were no other customers.  Zero.  Tons of traffic driving home from work. And nobody.   At this point, I think Karey's is a more sincere than genuinely  savvy operation, but that could change by smoothing a few rough edges,  showcasing all their recipes and maybe a spicier sauce or two.  Two minor glitches.  We werent given a receipt copy for our take out order. Also, one of our plastic clamshells leaked on the way home.   The sauce was filled near the brim, but it was messy and annoying.  Good intentions...not so good execution.    There's definitely potential here and they're not too far from making this a terrific place with broad appeal.  Who wouldnt root for a relatively unfamiliar cuisine served up by such friendly folks?   But I think (for well intentioned Yelpers) to pretend they've already nailed it, largely on the strength of warm greetings and surprisingly mild fare with exotic names, may be setting Karey's up for a wave of unmet expectations. I know that's how we felt.
My family and I just Celebrated my Mom's Birthday at this Restaurant, we have been here many times before, we love the Ambiance, and the food is pretty good,  I got the abondigas soup, it was just ok, the Chicken & Steak  fajitas were good, their enchiladas were just ok, also!  Our mistake is that we didn't make a Reservation, and were told we would have a hour and a half wait to sit outside, so we decided to be seated inside, they asked us if our entire party was there, I said no, that they would be here shortly, I was told we could not be seated, because our entire party was not here, I have never been to a restaurant where they couldn't seat us until everyone in our party had arrived, normally they ask you if you would like to be seated now or wait, we also were told our party of 7 would not be able to sit together, we would have to sit at tables across, which did not make any sense!   Luckily, there was a couple that left a table that accommodated 7 people so we were all able to sit together.this is a beautiful Restaurant, it is a shame they were not accommodating for our large party, our waiter did make up for some of our Dissapointment !
I started a tradition that every year for my bf's birthday we celebrate by hitting up a swanky steak house. Last year we hit up Del Frisco's in NYC, and while Mastro's cannot even come close to any NYC Steakhouse, it's definitely the best I've tasted in AZ so far... as it should be for a place with a pricey menu. My boyfriend ordered the 8oz Petite Fillet (that was far from petite if you ask me), and I ordered the 12oz Farm Raised Salmon (absolutely the biggest piece of fish ever placed in front of me). Needless to say, the portions here are large. My salmon was cooked to perfection. Flakey, a little rare and oh so yummy. The bf devoured his fillet, he thoroughly enjoyed every bite. Then for our sides we got the steamed broccoli & asparagus as well as the creamed spinach. All 3 sides I would recommend. Fresh veggies and hats off to the chef for the creamed spinach, all of it was fabulous. I must take a moment to also highlight their Mojito. Being the Mojito feen that I am, this one was just awesome... and SO strong! I downed one and could already feel it. They also brought out some of their buttercake for my bf's birthday on the house. It was superb, and I could tell it probably had 5+ sticks of butter in it because it was so richly decadent. I definitely recommend this desert, WOW! As far as atmosphere goes, I like what Mastro's has done with their interior decor. Not stuffy at all, and it has an elegant steakhouse vibe. Our server wasn't over bearing and gave us just enough service to where we felt as though our every need was catered too. Great customer service in my book.While I'm don't think I'll be back for dinner anytime soon (my wallet won't allow it), I must say that I might venture back for drinks in the very near future. That Mojito was tasty... I'm still thinking about it!!
Id love to share with you my new go-to date night spot. It's filled with so much charm and romance we both were simply glowing with post dinner elation. The place, Vincent's Market Bistro is the scaled down version of the fine dining classic Vincent's of Camelback. It's funny that a place like this is so well hidden without even a hint of signage beyond a sandwich board on the street. Just look for the main Vincent's sign and follow it around back to the Market Bistro entrance, they're housed in the same building. Chef and owner Vincent Guerithault keeps the menu decidedly French with hints of Southwestern flare that he's so famous for. You should look this guy up; he's got some accolades including a James Beard award under his belt. Does kudos translate to good cookery, you bet! For one of my favorites, be sure to look for the Curly Endive Salad ($9) with mustard dressing, bacon, and a poached egg. I saw it, I ordered it, I swooned over it. A well balanced ratio of salty, sweet and sour then fresh cracked pepper completes the equation. Pizza offerings are done well with a tender pale crust that seemed more akin to pastry then to your typical chewy crispy offering. Tarte Flambée ($8) was topped with a light cream sauce, bacon, onion and thyme. Another pork laden pizza was the Caprese ($8) topped with pesto, arugula, mozzarella and prosciutto. I just wished that the greens were put on after cooking instead of before.For dinner you'll find classics including the cooked in its own fat Crispy Duck Confit ($16) with lentils and bacon, sensing a porky theme here? The tender mallard leg was succulent and intense in flavor while the lentils performed well by countering the richness of the meat. For something a little bit lighter, I use that word loosely, order up the Coq au Vin ($10). Red wine braised chicken served atop gratin potatoes were hearty and comforting. Vincent's Market Bistro also offers a $20, 3 course Prix Fixe menu. On my last visit delights were abound with the likes of creamy Butternut Squash Ravioli, Rainbow Trout and a scrumptiously sour Lemon Tart. This has to be one of the best deals in town that I know of. I mean really, food from a James Beard award winning chef at these prices is unheard of. Great food, good prices and excellent service all set in a romantic atmosphere, well; there is one caveat, the hours. Vincent's Market Bistro closes at 8pm, so plan on eating early. We arrived around 6pm on a Saturday night and by 7pm the place was completely filled. Be sure to check their website for times including breakfast, brunch and lunch.
Bruschetta: GreatWine: GreatAmbiance: GreatPizza: AMAZING. The Crust! The cheese! The Texture! The perfect taste! yum yum yum!  I typically get the Tricolre and sub tomatoes for the meat. But really, anything you choose is going to be AMAZING. I will spend my entire life hoping that I can find another pizza place as good as Cibo, and it will never happen.
No Way!! Such a Bad Call!!Watched the Seahawks and Packers go at it 3 days ago.  Here in this tucked away almost hidden Brewery.  Watched while the replacement Ref held his arms up for touchdown which caused the bar to go in an uproar.  I was enjoying my Mac and Cheese Pizza (that's right, it was a Pizza with Mac and Cheese and bacon, so comforting)  when I started yelling with my mouth full and food spraying out "WHAT!?!...REALLY!?...NO Effing Way". I decided my TV was somehow broadcasting wrong so I searched the MANY TVs that hung throughout the interior, just to see the same thing over and over again at many different angles.  While the bar waited for the final decision; I enjoyed a pint of....good beer.  Unfortunately I do not remember the name of the beer I had, as I was more engrossed with the outcome of the football game, which was not the outcome it should have been.In the mean time, it is Monday night, Trivia Night.  Out of 20 questions, I got 7 right. I couldn't figure out a 6th grade math problem and I didn't know Gangum Style was the most LIKED youtube video.  But you live and learn. I had enjoyed my time here.  Even enjoyed the trivia, which surprised me.  I am not one for Trivia,  too much like pop quizzes from school.  But with good Beer and eats,  and no worry about failing,  pop quizzes can  be enjoyable.But wtf Really?!  Touchdown??
Amazing food, ultra cozy atmosphere, and a huge patio (a little too cold for the patio tonight). The owner operators are obviously passionate about great food and great cocktails.I had the Scallops and she tried the Pork... both done to perfection. Try the creamed corn with jalapenos for a side!!!The menu is simple yet diverse (steak, chicken, pork, shrimp, scallops and fish), and they also offer nightly specials if you burn through the menu too quickly. Highly recommended for a romantic dinner... I will be back to try lunch next time I'm in the area.This gem is off a side street near 7th and Bethany, and in a courtyard off of that street... Good luck finding it :) *Thanks goes to Groupon for helping me find this place...
My Sister-in-law's mom forces her and my brother to take her to Knock Kneed Lobster every time she comes into town from Baltimore.  We met up with them .2 piece fish and shrimp w/chips.  They even have pasta for the vegetarians!  The Mizithra Cheese Pasta was WAY WAY WAY better than The Spaghetti Factory!  We got a side of hush puppies...SOOOO YUMMY!  WAY WAY WAY better than Pete's Fish and Chips (which is still good).There is only 1 problem ... no Diet Coke ....Pepsi products :(
This place changed names about a year ago, Its now called Pier 54.Best place to take a date!  *(If you are only gonna get a few drinks while the sun is setting)  Dont expect too much from the food, they have a tiny kitchen inside and cant do too much with it, but they worked hard with what they have.  I was a Bartender/Server here for about 2 years and I still love this place.  Its nice and quiet, its all outdoors, with a beautiful view of the lake, and a dock that you can drive up to on your boat.  It has super regulars that all live around the lakes area, some are nice, some...  haha.  It has some cool live music on the weekends I believe, it closes kind of early but then again it gets pretty cold at night.  The owners are real nice, and they do a catering business on the side, which you can contact to rent certain sections of the restuarant for private parties, even get live music if you wanted!  Great people, good drink prices, service is kind of slow sometimes.  Also..  Great to bring your dog to.  It was and still is a dog friendly bar.  This is definately one of my favorites.
The chicken shwarma, kaftta and hommus deluxe are excellent. The garlic sauce is so good I want to drink it. Can you smell my breath from here?Awesome staff and a cool store in the back. Try the cookies and the baklava, they're delicious.
I no like.I thought the atmosphere was awful.  Too bright and hospital like for my tastes.I thought the staff was incredibly snotty, inept and downright rude.I thought the wine selection left a lot to be desired.It was cheap because it was happy hour.  We got the cheese plate only to discover that the cheeses were from Trader Joes cheese section, and were rather... commercial and blahIt also came with sliced pepperoni.  Pepperoni?  Really?I just didn't like it.Which is truly a shame, because I was hoping it could become my new wine happy hour staple.   But alas, I'll keep searching....
There are just not enough TCBY's around anymore.  Remember when they used to be everywhere?  In most shopping complexes and at every mall?  What happened TCBY?  What happened?Now, you're lucky to find one, but when you do, take advantage!  They have delicious low-fat and non-fat frozen yogurt flavors and of course, all kinds of candy toppings to put on them.Last time I got a tasty cookies and cream flavor and added oreos to it.  My thinking was that since the ice cream was low fat, that made it okay to add the cookies to it.  I see nothin' wrong with a little cookies and cream.
This is a cool bar. The patio gives it a big edge over Hanny's or Sidebar any day. The inside is clean and inviting (ReBar side). I had the nachos and chicken wings - both were delicious. This is a decent alternative to some of the places downtown and uptown.
This is a great place to go if you're in the Tempe area and have a craving for a good hot dog. Make sure you're not in a rush when you come here because you do have a bit of a wait after placing your order but it's worth it. The grilled taste of the wiener sets this apart from hot dogs from other places. I also liked the onion rings a lot; they were very lightly battered and an order is quite generous - enough for two people.  Lots of seating, indoor and outdoor, and a very relaxed atmosphere.
Not a huge fan of this chain but this particular location has a lot going for it! First, the service is always very good- they are extra friendly here. Second, we visit for lunch, and my Wife works at Chase bank nearby, so we are always sort of in a hurry. They are really cool about processing the check during the meal so we don't have to wait for it until we are finished. Clean, friendly, lots of parking, fast, friendly, good stuff!
Blue Moon you saw me standing aloneWithout a drink in my handWithout a mug of my ownBlue Moon you knew just what I would care forYou had a brew I would dare forFour ales I fell off my chair forAnd then suddenly the check appeared before meThe one I wasn't prepared forI heard someone whisper 'I'll drive"And when I looked the moon had turned to amberBlue Moon now I'm relaxed after my stressful weekWith good times with some friendsWith some brews of my ownMaybe drunk yelping is not a good idea............
First off, they don't even deliver! Wtf!! Pizza is hands down the worst in surprise. Ate there once and that was enough for us. Service was horrible. Dominos is way better
When I was a wee little chit I really enjoyed the myth of the cowboy. Seeing how I'm a native of Arizona, there were plenty of places that satisfied my preoccupation with fried rattlesnake and buffalo burgers, ghost towns and hole in the wall saloons where I'd feel like a hot shit sitting down for a sarsaparilla. One of my favorite places to frequent as a kid was Bill Johnson's Big Apple, where there was sawdust on the floor, the wait staff carried pistols and sported Texas-sized big hair, and the whole rustic feel piqued my excitement.I recently returned to this place after a 15 year hiatus, once for breakfast and once for a Father's Day lunch, and I was sorely disappointed that it no longer held the same mystique. It's really not the food or the atmosphere that has changed. It's the same old place it's always been, it's just that my expectations that have risen over the years. I've had some truly superior barbeque since I was a kiddo, and Bill Johnson's no longer measures up.Breakfast is simple, with a variety of hearty combos. The hash browns were a disappointment, soggy, oily potatoes with no other flavor. The biscuits were mediocre and extremely thick, more like fresh hard tack than a fluffy treat. Eggs, fried breakfast meat and chicken fried steak are difficult to screw up, so that all came out fine. Not exemplary, but perfectly acceptable. At lunch my father, two sisters and I had five different barbequed meats between us and a steak, with a bunch of sides to share and sample. All of the meat aside from the steak had a smoky flavor that wasn't too vinegary or sweet, as some barbeque sauces tend to be. The pulled pork and beef brisket were delicious, but had huge chunks of fat floating around in them that repulsed my gristle-hating taste buds with their texture, so I had to be vigilant. There was nothing extraordinary about the steak or the pork sausage, and the chopped pork sandwich was a bit on the dry side. Side dish wise, I was very disappointed. The coleslaw was terrible, swimming in mayonnaise with no hint of any other flavor. The chicken noodle soup was decent, with doughy noodles, but also was lacking in flavor and contained very little chicken. The barbequed beans tasted nothing like their exemplary meat counterpart. However, the chili was quite good, with cheddar cheese, onions, green peppers, pinto beans and plenty of meat. There was not much spiciness to it, but the flavor was great. Or I was just exceptionally hungry. For dessert we had their deep dish apple pie, which tasted the same as it would have from the freezer at my local grocer. I was mildly disappointed by the service each time I went. The wait staff were slow and terse, and at one point insulting. My littlest sister is adopted and the woman straight out asked, "Oh, you're just visiting these good folks, aren't you?" At which point my jaw dropped, she gave the woman a quizzical look and said, "No, I live with them." That's down right rude to me, but seeing how it was Father's Day we kept on smiling and munching on home cooking.I'm not sure if I'd return again based on the overall experience, but I know I'll always have fond memories of it from childhood.
Quaint and unpretentious!We stopped in for a bite ...Mixed Greens,Fresh Mozzarella( great)Prosciutto, Tomato  Pesto and Balsamic with a nice toasted Baguette ..salad was super fresh and yummy !Salami,  Sweet Peppers,Chevre sandwich was great as well .Cute beers,ciders ,jams ,mustard's ,olives ,wines by the glass and wine tasting is also offered. Various grilled artisan cheese sandwiches ,cold sandwiches,cheese and meat plates adorn the simple menu. The cheese here is no joke ..full bodied ,palate blasting cheese .We left with some jam and Limburger ..and smiling faces !Super  friendly and nice service .we felt really welcomed here.Love cheese ??? check them out !we will be back !
Rokerij, I still think you are the ish but I have to tell you, since you began serving Richardson's menu on top of yours I don't think you can handle all of this attention. We booked a reservation of 10 people and you SPLIT us up into two cubbies. Not only did you NOT warn us you were doing this but you reiterated that we were told when we made the reservation that our party was split. We weren't told in advance and that bums me out! After waiting 30 minutes for our split table, the service was wonderful, the food was divine, but some of the girls were in cranky moods. I jsut suggest when you have a larger party - I wouldn't leave them waiting - i know you are a super succesful and busy restaurant - but we all mattter!
This is one of my favorite places to eat.  It has the best chicken fried chicken I have ever had, and the mashed potatoes are excellent.  The salad is simple yet delicious.  The thing with Texaz grill is that I believe you can only go there and order 2 things off of their menu.  They are famous for the chicken fried chicken and the chicken fried steak, this is what you must order, and this is what everyone comes back for. If you are not a fan of these 2 items, then this place is not for you. Everything else on the menu is just average.  The portions are huge, you can easily split an order with someone, or take half of your meal home for left overs, which I think is a great value.  The decor is like a in the middle of nowhere Texas bar,  it's not fancy, and it's not meant to be.
New to the neighborhood here in Phoenix.  I was looking forward to checking it out.Burgers ... Just OK.Milkshake ... Really good.Service ... Just OK.Sad to say I won't be back (unless all I'm craving is a milkshake). Culver's is much better for burgers and fries and their service is five stars  everyday.  Just say'in ...
I was looking forward to giving this Nick's a try, since I really enjoyed my meal at the Tatum & Shea location.  So, after a long long work day leaving me with no desire to cook (hey, wait - I never really want to cook...) - take-out, anyone!?  I called on the way home from work and by the time I got there my order was ready to roll.  I like when someone tells me that my food will be ready in 15 minutes and it actually is.  Yay!  The pizza (pepperoni and mushroom, of course) had a thin, but not too thin crust and good cheese/topping coverage.  The house salad was simple, cool and fresh.  While I haven't stayed here for dine-in (yet!) I was very happy with my take-out order.  Thanks Nick, for helping me to be lazy.  :)
If you are looking for REAL NY pizza, then look NO FURTHER than Ray's!!! My first time there I was taken by my Mom, who obviously has GREAT TASTE, and told it is the "BEST PIZZA IN TOWN!" And no truer words have been spoken about a pizza joint! The pies have HUGE slices! The employees are TRUE BLUE New Yorkers!And BEST OF ALL...... GREAT TASTING PIZZA!!! You've got to try it to believe it......I guarantee you won't feel the same way about pizza!
The only thing you need to know about this place is that it's the best dim sum you can get in Phoenix.  Do yourself a favor and go try it.
Awesome food and great service!
yummy! i had the yellow chicken curry lunch special, level 3 heat. not spicy at all so next time i'll try it at 4. it came with egg drop soup which was mediocre after adding soy sauce(so i guess it was only good after adding something to make it taste like something else therefore skip the soup), a salad, plus the entree and choice of rice. it was pretty inexpensive, like just under $9. good deal. it was tasty, fast, and clean. i'll be back!
I really love coming to Postino.  They have great food, a great selection of wine and a trendy atmosphere.  The restaurant itself is pretty open and airy, but when it gets packed in there, it gets PACKED.Postino definitely isn't lacking for customers- that's for sure.  My favorite things on the menu are as follows:The olive appetizer (I LOVE olives), the cheese course, the bruschetta (you get to pick a few ingredients to put on it and it's amazing), the vegetarian panini and the warm chocolate tarte. I've never had a bad food or wine experience at Postino, and I could tell that the staff is highly trained on all menu items and the wine they offer- which is a refreshing change. Our server also recommended a really good dessert wine to go with the tarte, and it was fantastic. I wish I could remember the name of it, but I can't.
What a beautiful setting for luxury dining and sunset watching! Just as the sun is about to set, the electronic shades lift seamlessly and very Bond-like to reveal the sun kissed mountains and orange blush sky. People who often say that Arizona is dry and barren should come here and see just how different it can be!Memorable food items included:    Braised short ribs entree with sticky rice, brussel sprout and bacon kimichi with Korean BBQ sauce.  - This is a must order!     Duck confit mooshu chickpea crepe appetizer -unique in flavor and texture     Fiery calamari appetizer - just the right amount of spice     Lobster bisque (soup of the day) - Rich and delicious      Truffle whipped potatoes side dish - Addicting and irresistible Summer prix fixe: (this menu changes daily and must be requested)     Rock shrimp over pork belly and Basil fried rice - really good     Chicken breast dish over mashed potatoes, but not the truffle whipped potatoes - my friend enjoyed her dish, but also just described it as "good"     Lava cake with vanilla gelato - Perfectly done!Our group was celebrating a birthday, so the waitress brought out a special PB Bomb dessert on the house with the words, "Happy birthday" written in chocolate. They also brought out 4 yummy cookies along with our bill. We felt really spoiled by our wonderful, patient waitress (I say patient because it took us forever to decide what we wanted at first. She didn't rush us and thoroughly explained our dish choices to help us decide what to order). Thanks Elements and staff for making our friend's birthday so special and memorable!
The Italians....not only do they have the best food, some of the best wines, the most beautiful country-side....but now its confirmed...the best dessert...GELATO!!....what can be next??I cant believe that this place has been here for 3 years....and its within walking distance to my own fort. These 2 italian women are definitely onto something here. This little shop has about 30 different flavors... so far I have tried the Tobblerone, Dolce Latte and Spagnola (eggnog!).....I will be back to try the 27 other flavors!
I would have written a 5-star review about Spinato's anyway, but after an experience this weekend, I had to Yelp about it ASAP....  I drove from Mesa just to pick up pizza for my family (yes, it's that good), and when I was getting in my car to leave, I was holding the pizza and the box caught the corner of my rear-view mirror.  The entire large pizza spilled in the front seat of my car, all over the console, gear shift, seat, floor, etc.  It was a mess!  I tried to clean it up, but I really needed soap and water, so I went in to ask for some napkins.  The manager, Tim, overheard me ask and asked what happened.  When I explained, he immediately got me wet towels to clean up the mess and made me a new pizza, free of additional charge!  He obviously didn't have to do that, as it was not Spinato's fault in any way.  Plus, the place was packed (as usual), but he bumped my pizza to the front of the line.  If I wasn't convinced before that Spinato's is the BEST-- not just for food taste but for customer service-- I would be sure of it now!Things to get:  the Sicilian pizza.  It's thick and awesome.  Order jalapenos on top.  They are a nice balance to the sweet sauce.  Also, get the starter salad and the raspberry vinaigrette dressing-- it's tart and perfect.Something unique:  the spaghetti-filled calzone.  Yep, you heard me-- carbs baked inside of carbs!  :)The servers are great, the management is great, the location is great (easy parking and plenty of it, including street parking), and the food is SO WONDERFUL!  Try one of their multiple locations throughout the valley-- you won't be disappointed.Tip:  they don't take lunch reservations, but if you get there earlier than your appointed time, they have no problem pulling together multiple tables for larger groups.
A wonderful family restaurant in South Phoenix located on the corner of S. Central Avenue and I-17, this place has the BEST Mexican breakfast on the weekend since the old Matador closed on 1st St.  I always go for their chilaquiles.  A generous serving of homemade red sauce over corn tortilla chips and topped with two over easy eggs, this is a dish that can easily be split with a friend.  And the mariachis only add to this place's ambiance!  You won't be disappointed--the real deal!
After spending two hours looking at (and listening to) some wonderful instruments, Violeta and I decided to meet up at the cafe.The place was hoppin'!  It was 1pm, and there were actually two sections in this room.  While they had the same furniture, one area felt like a coffee shop, with the rounded counter adorned with cookies and deli cases filled with bottles of water and juices, and I don't know what else, since we decided to sit in the other section, which had a more "open" feel to it.  Large glass windows that allowed nature to envelope you, at least a little bit, and, I would have to say, it felt like a bustling bistro.  A bustling tree-hugging green bistro (and I type this in a loving, respectful way).  Wished there was more than just one busser, though.  If there were more, it certainly looked like there was only the one.  Waited for awhile for tables to be cleared.  Finally, I had to walk up to him to ask if he'd clean up ours.  If I hadn't felt rushed to sit and relax while waiting for the food to arrive before leaving for school, I wouldn't have minded the wait so much.  I liked the organic, high-end feel to the place, and the busyness of the line cooks, who looked more like they should be cooking at a fancy steakhouse, and the presentations of the menus and food make you feel like you're really paying for quality here.  The menus allude to the usage of local produce and the occasional organic item, but I'd like to see higher-quality oils being used-- say no to GM soybean, canola, cottonseed, and corn oils!  I enjoyed my 6 oz. grass-fed burger and perfectly-crisped and seasoned sweet potato fries.  Next time, I'm going to have to check out the desserts.  Some looked absolutely devilish!p.s.  Didn't like having to retrieve my own cutlery or napkins.  The atmosphere calls for cutlery enfolded in cloth, and on the table, not sitting in metal holders, like you're at a buffet or at the cafeteria at work.  The paper napkins were of high-quality super-absorbent material, though, I must say.
My third time here and all kept getting more disappointing than the previous. The pizza has a rock-hard crust. First visit I had the roasted mushroom pizza. I really don't want al dente fungus on a pizza. Second visit I had the Mac n Cheese. You have to step your game up for Mac n Cheese in this neighborhood. I guess if you like really salty Mac n Cheese, this is your place. Third visit, the egg pizza. Seriously, after being open for a couple months, have your oven dialed in so not to dislocate your jaw trying to eat the crust. Total disappointment for a needed neighborhood pizza joint. They do have good beer prices for happy hour. That's a positive.
Its been a long time since I've eaten anything for breakfast other than your standard US Egg/Diner food. Metro is in a class all its own. I seriously had the best breakfast I have ever had in AZ.  The service was friendly & professional. Also, very helpful & knowledgeable AND PATIENT while describing the French items. At our table we had eggs benedict, THE BEST eggs benedict I have ever had (not like the quail egg on a cruoton you get at T. Cooks) beyond delicious salmon crepes,and the egg white omelette was even good for  being healthy.  I cant wait to go back bc I've heard (and now seen) the famous tempura bacon. If you need a good breakfast, skip all the rest & come to the best. You won't be disappointed!! This IS the ONLY spot for breakfast. Not to mention an entire "hangover cure" cocktail menu. GENIUS!!!!!
It sucks that my liquor cabinet has a huge selection of booze but they're all only about a quarter inch full.  Now enter Total Wine and More.I get weak in the knees when I come in here.  I just want it all.  I LOVE the fact that they always have wine tasting going on when I come in and I can be counted on to buy a bottle of whatever they are serving up, gotta support the cause.  One of my favorite places to shop!
New info from AJs, they have reconsidered and plans to close this store are currently on hold.*************************************************************AJ's will be closing this location at the end of March 2008.The currently are planning to replace AJ's with a Sportsman's as they bought the name several months ago.
We have lived in Encanto Park for several years however never stopped in this place.  As previously mentioned - the place looks a little scary from the outside!  We saw the Yelp reviews and thought what the heck?  The menu has a wide variety of dishes.  We had the chicken taco, the barbacoa and carne asada burritos.  Everything was seasoned well.  The barbacoa is cooked in some type of red chili sauce.  The carne asada was a bit fatty however flavorful.  The small flour tortillas come out hot off the stove.  They are great!   We also discovered they carry bottled Coke and other sodas from Mexico.  I loved the condiment bar with the various salsas and toppings which included limes, cucumbers, radishes, and cabbage.  The pico de gallo and guacamole sauce were my favorites.  Unlike America's Taco where you are given a tiny bit of everything on the side, this place is a free for all!The interior was immaculate!  The decor is not great.  Plastic chairs and tables.  The front counter gal could not answer any of my questions.  The server though was extremely nice - especially considering our two year old dumped a plate of rice on the floor!  This place reminds me of Wishell's donuts down the street.  The exterior is terrible but inside they have the most heavenly donuts and croissants!  The place sells out by 8 am!  You would never know by looking at it from the outside.Lesson learned - don't judge a book by it's cover.
I don't know exactly what to say about this place. I hated it - I know that for sure. I just can't put words together as to why. I wasn't impressed with the guac - so what if some emo guy with horn rimmed glasses stabs at some avocados and other diced veggies with a spoon for 30 seconds? Is that supposed to make me piss myself with excitement? Anyway, it tasted pretty bland... and for $10.50, I think it should taste better. The chips that came with it were a little greasy, but okay. Our entrees were about 15 bucks each and I almost laughed when they arrived... four tiny pathetic lukewarm soft tacos alone on a cold plate. It looked like something I could've bought on a street corner in Rocky Point for 2 bucks. We had the option of getting salads or fries with our tacos... FRIES. How is that Mexican? We had the salads which were okay... They only had corn tortillas which I personally don't like. I had carne asada and my girlfriend had shrimp... the beef was pretty good - and the shrimp was okay. The cheese they put on our tacos was kinda gross. Neither of us were really impressed. On top of that, the place was pretty loud... I guess it's understandable for a small crowded space. Maybe they could've used some acoustic panels or something. My table almost tipped over on me - I just never felt comfortable there at all. I actually felt so uncomfortable I forgot what stuff was - like I had to ask him to clarify what carne asada was (something I order and eat all the time). I just got all confused after looking through their menu. The server was fake nice to us, but I felt hated... we only saw him at the beginning and end of our meal... we kinda got ignored on the drink refills - I think it's cuz we weren't ordering booze (which they make a fortune on).As food goes, this place is edible, but not good. It's nowhere near worth these prices. It's comparable to the Pink Taco, but slightly less douchey perhaps? Neither place is very authentic (or good). I asked what on the menu was spicy and he said 'nothing." They also only have one dish with rice - ONLY ONE - and it's just a special because they normally don't have any dishes with rice. What the hell is that? I sometimes wonder why people like places like this... it's as though they just like it because the place is crowded and the food is expensive. It's just bland food. Overrated. Overpriced. This place can suck it - I won't be back.
HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:My Happy Hour comrad and I pulled up to Furio at 5 p.m. and got a front-row parking spot. Nice. Already, our experience was off to a great start. Then we saw the door. This massive, square glass door (outlined in a wood trim) that had a Furio F-shaped door handle with a subtle "pull" sign above it - it was all we could do to not stop and stare. Pulling the door open was easier than we imagined. We stepped right inside and both went, "Oh, wow..." The decor is very cool. With 70's retro hanging lamps (that look like cinnamon rolls, my friend said) with high-leg tables, high-back booths, slick white lounge chairs and a pink-tinted back-lit bar. We were instantly less stressed just being here. I had to try out the black high-back booth in the "lounge-y area." I sat down and was in love, I tell ya. The hostess, who was chipper, smiled at us. "Isn't that great? I love that." Then she sat down on one of the white chairs that looked like it was covered in a protective plastic coating. "Try these chairs." We sat down with her. Oh, very nice. That's when we decided to have our happy hour in this area. We both opted to sit on the bench with the comfortable high-back. The shin-high table greeted us with a happy hour menu, along with a shimmering candle. Very nice. $4 glasses of their house wines - cab, merlot or chard. Nice! We bypassed the apple tini and cosmos. I wondered aloud about their "domestic" beers for $3. Come to find out, that only applies to the "great American lagers." We had to laugh with the waitress/bartender on that one. Double ugh for not even offering a deal on "super domestic" beers like 8th St. Ale and Kiltlifter, although they do carry them. Nikki, our server/bartender, was great! It looked like she was covering the entire front portion of the place. She was attentive, informative and friendly. She had this unique Bohemian appeal, too. And her attire was comfortable, which made me curious about the place. "I think I could work here," I said. My friend laughed. "I was thinking the same thing. Maybe a return visit behind the bar?" I had no idea my friend has experience slinging drinks. Furio lent itself to free-flowing conversation, in which my friend and I got to know each other better. "That's 3 more percent about me you didn't know before," I was told. I'll drink to that! We ordered Pane Rustica for $5. They were two medium-sized bistro-like sandwiches. One was chicken with tomatoes. The other had mushrooms. They were both heavenly. The bread - oh that bread! - was melt-in-your-mouth yummy. And for $5? It was like the perfect app to go along with our wine. I tried their house cab and was very impressed. My friend got their chard and enjoyed it. We toasted to banter, since it's so incredibly hard to find in a partner/love interest. But, man, when you do find it, wowza. It's amazing! After sitting and chatting a while, soaking in the soothing lounge music (which we both really liked), we ordered their Build-Your-Own pizza for $7. The topping options are expansive, including eggplant and artichokes. We got it with everything, minus the prosciutto. It was very, very, very good! And for $7! We each were able to have 3 pieces to ourselves. Perfect. Another great food pairing with our individual wines. I love Furio for happy hour, when I'm feeling like relaxing with wine and light bistro-like fare. Especially in an environment that has some of my favorite things: modern, comfortable furniture with good prices and relaxing lounge tunes. There's also a nice outdoor patio with candlelight. Very romantic if you can go on a night that allows you have the patio all to yourself. The bathroom is a one-person bathroom, which is nice. It's very big with a large mirror and pink walls. I liked it. It didn't come with any funky hard-to-operate sink, either. In that bathroom is where my friend picked up three Furio cards announcing regular events. Here's what she found:Martini's & Manicures$10 for a Martini and a Manicure Monday nightsFlight NightFeaturing the latest and greatest in boutique wines First Thursday of the month1/2 Price WineEvery Sunday nightThere are plenty of reasons to go back to Furio. Happy Hour being one, definitely. Checking out their weekly events is definitely another! I'd give Furio 5 stars, but I can't, since this is a review of Happy Hour and I didn't see the full menu. Not to mention they only have yucky Bud, Coors and Michelob beer on their happy hour menu. That's reason enough to dock 'em one star. Too bad. I think I fell in love with Furio. And it only cost me $16 (with tip).
It really isn't bad for what it is. I'm currently mowing down on one of the most bizarre and wonderful salads EVER (okay, there's mac and cheese and some orange slices in here too), and with a drink, it cost just under $8. Word to the wise: My roommate taught me the clever trick of getting a to-go container. Cram as much shit in there as possible and try to shut the lid. Theory is this: You probably couldn't eat it all in one sitting, but you can refrigerate it, so you could squeeze 2 meals out of it. Eating there promises a fat belly, but no to-go.
This place turned to crap.  I remember when it first opened I loved this place.  I thought it was the best Chinese Food in town.  Flo took so much pride into her recipes.  I am not sure what went wrong.I can't speak for all the servers there, but ours was terrible.  No personality just a freaking robot.  She came up to the table to greet us by saying "Are you ready to order"  How about some drinks lady?  I can get by with horrible service if the food is good, but the food was lousy.We ordered chicken lettuce cups, 2 different types of soup and 2 entrees.  They tried to bring the soup out first but I asked them if we could get our app first.  The chicken that came with the lettuce cups was just the fatty pieces of the chicken they don't used with the entree, but all minced up.  The texture was gross and the flavor was bland.  The soups were the only reason this review got 2 stars.  Pretty good.  Wife had wonton soup and I had seafood shelfish soup.  The entrees sucked.  We shared Crispy Spicy Chicken which was more like Soggy Salty Chicken and the Orange Beef which was decent but soggy which made it not as good.  The server never came by again therefore I went the whole meal without anything to drink.For sure we will not be coming back anytime soon.  I am not sure why this place stays busy, it's not worth my time.  If I wasn't so hungry, I would have returned the entrees and app.
When you walk in, you're assaulted with a decor that some people think represents Hawaii: surfboards, pineapples, a smattering of "exotic" words and sayings, twangs on a uke overhead, and bold splashes of green and blue. Very, very slick and expected marketing. As you can tell, this is a turn-off for me, because it's inauthentic. It's a little much. But the food is decent. The grilled mahi mahi plate is actually good because the fish tastes fresh (for AZ) and there is a brown rice option. The mac salad is a little bland (cardinal sin for locals) and the dipping sauces simply confuse me. They bring nothing to the items on the plate. I've also had the katsu (breaded fried chicken) which was ok, but didn't remind me of local kine grinds. I think Moki's is worth a shot. But I'm actually disappointed that they had malasadas at the Aloha Festival but don't have it at their restaurant - because that would be one huge draw for me. It's great they have kalua pork on the menu.  But I'll personally only go now if outvoted. Because for real authentic Hawaiian (without the tackiness), I go to L&L. And then Ono Hawaiian.
This manager is a chauvinist pig, he has fired me because he has gotten a complaint on himself, he has made sexual comments to almost everyone that works there and is a very rude person. I would not take any one that I care about to this restaurant!!!
Back in 1994, my dad and his friend took me and my sisters to Nielsen's to try frozen custard for the first time.  From what I remember, it's more rich, much creamier than ice cream or frozen yogurt.  Since then, I've never been able to find anything that comes close to that creamy, custard-y frozen goodness.  Apparently it's not that common here on the west coast.Last I went back, because I had to have that smooth chocolate cone once more.  There was a wait, which wasn't uncommon, being summertime in the AridZone.  There wasn't a nice little old lady helping us; instead there were teenagers running about behind the counter.  The entire place, small as it was, felt kinda...sticky, I suppose.  The napkin counter was gross from melted messes and grinder condiments.  I tried to hide my slowly-growing disappointment until I could taste the frozen custard I once knew long ago.  Unfortunately, the custard itself was just not the same.It tasted like plain ol' chocolate ice cream.  There wasn't anything custard-like about it.  :(**Upon searching for reviews on the Net, I found that the Neiesens had sold the shop to a different owner, which would explain the downfall of  my favorite dessert spot.  However, they've recently gained ownership once again, this of course after my unfortunate visit last year, but I have high hopes!  Although I have few reasons to ever find myself in Arizona again, at least I know there's one thing to look forward to if it happens.
If you have the money to eat here DO IT! The food amazing and the atmosphere makes you feel like a million bucks (or 6) hehe. We were seated by the pool for dinner and it was perfect. The service was great and our waiter explained items on the menu very well. Drinks were ordered to celebrate our anniversary. Chris(my bf) got a Coor's light and I got drink that tasted like a cucumber mojito and it was very strong. Our waiter dropped off a bread basket filled with sourdough rolls and onion focaccia. I promised myself I wouldn't fill up on bread but it was hard not to break that promise. For dinner we ordered a caesar salad, steak, and shared the lobster gnocchi. Best meal ever!My only complaint is that they didn't do anything special even though I told the receptionist that we would be celebrating our anniversary. I loved every minute of my dinner here so it's really not a complaint I was just surprised they didn't at least offer dessert. It won't prevent me from coming back. I'm glad I chose Dominick's to celebrate our anniversary. I'll be back soon!
sunday breakfast here is really nice. a couple times a month we get up early, sit on their lovely patio and enjoy a lazy breakfast. this location has plenty of tables and chairs outside that are comfy and sturdy. he always enjoys the waffle, which is always served with lots of fresh strawberries that i pilfer. i like the eggs, toast, fruit and bacon (bacon is redistributed to his plate). the bread they use for toast is always awesome ... they call it leven bread, but i think it tastes like sourdough. the fruit portion is a bit small and full of melon, but enjoyable and fresh. portions are neither too big nor too small. staffers are helpful and friendly. all around a really good, consistent breakfast spot.
Came here for AZ Restaurant Week. This place was completely packed on a Tuesday night, but we'd made reservations ahead of time so we were immediately seated. This place is dimly lit, but not to the extreme where you cannot read the menu without your server pulling out a pen light. That's annoying so things were already off to a great start. Everything was delicious. I loved the sun-dried tomato butter that came with the bread. We had very generous servings of the french onion soup. It's the best I've had. It was very flavorful. We ordered the lamb and the fillet Mignon. Both were pretty good. I'm not sure what to think of the mint sauce that came with the lamb. I didn't love it, but I didn't hate it either. We ended off the night stuffing ourselves with a creme brulee and chocolate mousse. We find it hard to say no to dessert. The service was great. Our glasses of water and wine were never empty and our courses were fairly well timed. I hear they have a great happy hour and I liked the bar area so we will certainty be back for drinks.
Family owned thai restaurants are incredibly consistent.  I have yet to have a bad Curry, Pad Thai, or Stay.  It is always very vibrant and flavorful.  Thai Spices carries on that tradition of consistency as everything was good and to our expectations.  Nothing more, nothing less. The location is diverse and clean.  While it had the customary pictures of Thai royalty on the wall, the decor was decidedly different and contemporary urban. All in all a good spot.  A solid candidate for the best thai in Mesa.
You've got to hand it to Candace Nelson; she knows how to bake up palpable buzz.  You need look no further than the perpetual line at Sprinkles Cupcakes in Scottsdale.  If only the cupcakes were as good as the hype.  Unfortunately, they are not.It comes down to style over substance.  Sprinkles Cupcakes has a great look from the windows frosted with the outlines of cupcake wrappers to the spare wood display racks.  The aesthetic is clean, modern and restrained.   The cupcakes are impeccable in terms of their appearance.  The bakery even offers an interlocking cardboard stand with optional ribbon trim to create a display for a special event.  The graphics and design are top-notch.  While we may eat with our eyes first, the disappointment creeps in once you move beyond the visual and taste the cupcakes.  At best, they're okay.  In order to give Sprinkles a fair shake, I pre-ordered a dozen online.  Anyone can order a minimum of a dozen cupcakes online with 24 hours advance notice.  The real advantage of the pre-order is that you get to skip the mayhem of the line.  It's worth it to walk right up to the counter and pick up your prepaid order without having to stand in the chaotic line and watch the crowd's tension level rise as they run out of flavor after flavor.  As a home baker who makes everything from scratch, I found Sprinkles Cupcakes to be resoundingly underwhelming.  Their signature Red Velvet Cake was a real disappointment.  The cake itself was bitter and sour at the same time.  It also had an unpleasant lingering aftertaste.  Actually, all of the cupcakes I tried with chocolate cake had the same bitter and sour taste combined with the lingering unpleasant aftertaste.  It was almost like the chocolate cakes weren't mixed properly before they were baked.  If it has been one or two cupcakes, I would have given them the benefit of the doubt; however, this place takes the concept of bittersweet chocolate to a new and very strange level.  The Carrot cupcake is also misnamed; it should be called a Spice cupcake instead because the presence of any carrot is nearly undetectable.  In fairness, the Coconut cupcake was the best of the 12 sampled.  The taste of both the cake and the icing was great; the cake itself was a bit stiff and dry (but less than the others sampled).  In terms of texture, the 12 cupcakes sampled varied from "sturdy" (e.g., nothing close to tender) to dry and crumbling apart.  This is definitely not what I expect from a premium bakery.  Some other reviewers have commented that the cupcakes are too expensive.  Clearly they haven't been to a grocery store lately to check on the price of butter, eggs, sugar, cream, cream cheese, etc.  The cupcakes are fairly priced for the premium ingredients that Sprinkles uses.  However, those ingredients are not falling into the most adept hands.  Perhaps this is an issue with a newly trained staff.  For the money and the pleasure of the experience, enjoy an Ooey Gooey from Tammie Coe instead of Sprinkles.  Tammie's cupcakes are the real deal and are everything that Sprinkles aspires to be.  Just be sure to allow Tammie's cupcakes to return to room temperature before you devour them.  They're sublime while the cupcakes at Sprinkles are serviceable at best.Sprinkles Cupcakes was worth trying once to see what all the hype was about.  However, I won't be back.
AZ Bread Company is one of my favorite lunch spots, and not just because it is a mile away from my office.They have amazing, fresh bread, delicious sides and high quality food.I normally always get the egg salad on Challah roll, but I have also had the egg salad stuffed tomato in the past. PS, they have amazing egg salad!!One of my favorite things about this place is the patio seating, especially since it is now fall (I can say that since we have two days in a row at 75 degrees for the high). Also, the interior is fun and brightly colored with a ton of windows making it full of natural light.The staff is always really friendly and you can often see the owner popping around making sure everyone is happy. I always feel... happy.. when I am here  :)
As you can see I am catching up on my yelping tonight...All i can say about cadillac ranch in tempe is that I had the worst experience here ever. The service was horrible, and so was the manager. My friends and I went there around 8:15 p.m. We just wanted to get a few appetizers and a few drinks.  We had this young brunette waitress. We asked her what time they stopped serving food. (I don't like to order right before to closing). She said she thinks they stopped serving at 9:30 p.m. but the bar at 1 a.m. We asked for waters to start while look over the menu. 15 minutes later, we get our waters. We tell her we're ready to order so the 5 for us order a beer each. She tells us she'll be back in a min to get our food order.  30 min pass and we still don't get our drinks. We try to flag our server down and she just  tells us to wait a second. We finally get our  drinks at 9:15.  (we were being as patient as possible, because we've all worked in the service industry before.) We tell her we are ready to order food now. She tells us that they stopped serving food already!!! By that time I was pretty pissed. I ask to talk to the manager, and she asks WHY? haha.. So by then I didn't even want to deal with a  little girl who absolutely had no clue what she was doing. The manager approached the table. I told him exactly what had happened.  He advises us that they serve food until 1030 p.m.  He apologizes about his server and says it wasn't her fault because she was busy, and she is new.  By this time it was already passed 10 p.m. She brings the check by and says to us, "by the way, it only took me 10 minutes to get my drinks, not 45min. But I'm sorry." WOW... decide for yourselves everyone!Hopefully that waitress found a new career, and that manager(heavy set, man, with curly red hair) found another career as well. How hard is it to get decent service these days?
Fresh fish in Phoenix.Say that 5 times fast. Maybe it'll come true. Or maybe, just maybe, you'll find yourself at The Fish Market. For lunch, I had their smoked salmon and tuna. I also ordered the artichoke heart. Mmm. I was anticipating something mouth-watering - a lunch meal I had to rave about later. What I got was pretty okay. The fish was cut up into chunks (yes, chunks) and the artichoke was pretty bland, despite how super yummy one can be, if prepared right. Price was reasonable. $5 for the 'choke; $8.50 for the salmon/tuna order, that came with some interesting sides: tasty pesto, crunchy crouton bread-thingys and this white stuff i had no idea what it was (no, it wasn't tarter; i tried it).The menu is large. It's hard to decide. Crab. Oysters. Fish tacos. Smoked Salmon. Shrimp Salads. Oh my.The service was decent - the type you appreciate at the time but can't really remember a day or two later. We got warm, fresh bread brought to our table, too, and plenty of drink re-fills. Overall, a good lunch. If I ever went again, I'd order something else. Too bad Phoenix lacks fresh fish options. Because, if this is as good as it gets, I better pack my bags tonight and hit the road for Seattle.
BEWARE THIS PLACE WILL RIP YOU OFF!!!  MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THE TOTAL OF YOUR ORDER WITH THEIR MENU PRICES!My wife and co workers ordered food last night.  They asked to pay separate for their orders.  The restaurant said it wasn't a problem.  They noticed after the fact that all 7 people were charged a $3 delivery fee.  THAT'S $21 ON TOP OF THEIR TIP THEY ALREADY GAVE THE DRIVER!!!  No one bothered to tell them they were getting hit up 7 times for a delivery fee, including the driver.They also asked if there were any specials or coupons going on at the moment.  The person on the phone said no.  They received a menu with their order and sure enough there were coupons.  On to the food, my wife's portion to the feast was salad.  For $14 she received 2 salads that fit in two small containers.  She said that a 99 cent salad at Wendy's had more going on than her $14 salads.  That's the last time anyone in this family orders from Rosatti's.   The bottom line is this area is CRAWLING with amazing Italian food.  IMHO, there is no room for ripping off your customers, there are so many other options in this area to choose from.  Judging by the low reviews and lack of effort this company is making to make things right, I can't see them being in business much longer.
Wow, what a wine bar!  I loved it here!   I was impressed from the moment I walked in.  Here's why:For starters, they have indoor and outdoor seating. I felt relaxed and welcome from the moment I walked into this place.  Great setup, with ample seating throughout the location.  In the center of the bar, there are huge wine barrels set up with glass on top for seating.  In the center of the barrel are a bunch of corks, and you could easily seat 4 at each table.  They also have a bar as well, a couch at the front of the store, and a few tables off to the side.  Plenty of patio seating as well!I was immediately greeted by the owner, who is Australian.  He got me a drink as soon as I entered, and I continued to walk around and observe.He carries a bunch of wines, along with a great variety of accesories to go with it.  Corkscrews, books, wine racks, decorative items, etc.   Great selection of items.I find that this place is really worth going to.  He has great hours, the place is well decorated, and has an original "feel" to it.  The owner guy says he's been there for about 6 years.The only negative thing I have to write is that most of this merchandise you can find cheaper elsewhere.  (I got my wine rack at Cost plus Market for half the price he was charging.)  I noticed his wine selection was reasonable and large, and he seemed to have a fair selection for great prices.  But, as I mentioned earlier, things like corkscrews, wine racks, and general decor I felt was overpriced. Thats okay, I'm here for the wine anyways!
Starving after 4 hours on the road but not wanting fast food places attached to gas stations Donna and I settled on Cracker Barrel. It's like every other Crack Barrel where you enter and exit the restaurant through a enormous gift shop full of surprisingly well prices candies, candles, knick knacks, toys, etc, etc. Food is comfort foods such as chicken fried steak, meatloaf, chicken and dumplings, ham, fried chicken, catfish, and other stuff. They even have breakfast. For my meal I had the hickory smoked bone-in country ham with fried okra and turnip greens for my sides. The ham was very smokey and tasted great. The greens were actually some of the best I've had. Chunks of ham hock all throughout the tender greens. Okra was fried perfectly and steaming hot. For $7.39 this was some good eats. Donna had the chicken and dumplings with "hashbrown casserole" and fried okra. Her meal didn't look good to me but she said it was excellent. Her meal was also $7.39. Very efficient and friendly service. Since you pay in the gift shop we couldn't resist and impulse bought some stuff. Their mission was accomplished!
Ah yes, American sushi.    White, frat boy sushi chefs.   The server was under 21 so her friend had to drop off the drinks as she followed here to the table.It's an alright place, not bad for ASU but that's where the buck stops. The asparagus app. was good. The rolls were good.  We didn't get sick, good.Smoking hot Asian hostess..... arrrrrrrr...............
I've wanted to try this buffet for a long time, since it's close to where I live and I pass by it all the time. Got my chance today, and was it worth the visit? Well, I did enjoy my meal but It wasn't something to write home about, either. I would say it's a moderately good Chinese buffet, not great. Some of  the dishes were just OK, some were good, a few were great. Recommended dishes: their fried chicken (just lightly flour-dredged, not thickly battered, and very tasty), the Singapore rice noodles, and the shrimp dishes. Other dishes, including dessert, were about typical for a  large Chinese buffet restaurant.  The restaurant is very spacious and the servers were very friendly. My meal here was not spectacular, but pleasant and satisfying enough.
Situated about 2 blocks from my office and directly next to a Starbucks means I'm here for lunch or a bite after work several times a month.  Bistro 24 is yet to disappoint. The service is always stellar, but it's the Ritz, so it ought to be.  The food is all quite good.  It's not the most romantic or fanciest dining room... There are more fun & eclectic places to take a date but is a great place to take a client or colleague for a bite.  i think of the Bistro as more of a lunch place than a dinner spot, but it certainly goes either way. If you are looking to try the Bistro but are on a bit of a budget, i would try one of these two little tips:1.  Check out Friday Night Grill... its about 35 per person and all you can eat.  They have steak freshly cooked on the grill outside and a variety of sushi and salads inside.  The desert table is decadent.  For less than you'd spend on a steak next door at Morton's, you'll get a ton of high quality delicious food.2.  Happy Hour is at 5pm.  Their appetizers and many drinks (including draft beer) are half off.  Get a Firestone Pale Ale or Double Brown Ale for just $3.  One of my favorite appetizers is the Ratatouille Pizza. (Only $7 during happy hour!). It's delicious and eats like a meal.  Bon appetit
The good: the atmosphere was nice. Weeknight shopping then girl date with BFF YL. The mediocre: The food is just average. First off, stay away from the sushi. YL and I didn't get sick, it just wasn't good. The calamari came in a large portion for an app, but it was too crusty and overdone so it was too chewy. We also had the clam chowder which was just okay. The bad: Our waiter was a bit spastic and came back way too often and way too quickly. I swear he only gave us 45 seconds to look at the menu, we asked for more time, and the he returns less than 2 minutes later. Grrr...
I was not expecting much from Lemongrass Thai, especially when my friend and I pulled into the sardine-tight parking lot. It looked like the most dingy place in Tempe. Little did I know it would be one of the best lunches I've had without spending a small fortune. In fact, without tip, my entree (with water) was $7.52. I ordered the #7 - with eggplant, green peppers, carrots and tofu (yum!) and nixed the onions. The dish came with a pile of white rice, a small egg roll and a little bit of dipping sauce for the egg roll. It was all VERY GOOD! The atmosphere doesn't amount to much. The service is just okay. The people taking your orders and bringing the food aren't what I'd call "people pleasers," but they're there to make some mean lunch dishes - not schmooze and win you over with charm. But, let's face it, the food spoke for itself. I had every intention of eating only 1/2 and saving the other portion for later. I couldn't stop eating. The flavors were great! And the fare was light enough that I wasn't stuffed and leaving with a bloated tummy. An added touch: A wrapped mint at the end. A sad note: I tried to order the Green Chai Tea. "No Green Chai Tea!" I was told. Bummer. I would definitely go back here and recommend it to anyone who likes Thai, especially those who are fortunate enough to live and/or work nearby. Just beware of the parking lot!
Roland beat me to it... I've been meaning to review this new location of Taylor's for awhile now.  I think they've been open for a couple of months - for breakfast and lunch.  They offer a full bar so I'm sure they will open soon for dinner too.I've been here on several occasions and I think the food is actually pretty consistent with their other location (44th street and Camelback).  Service is pretty quick and attentive.  I recommend their passion fruit iced tea if you're an iced tea fan.  I also recommend their tuna salad - it's made with non-fat yogurt and water chestnuts.  (I know it sounds weird but it's really really good).  I get their tuna salad sandwich in a whole wheat wrap.  It comes with tomato, lettuce and avocado and your choice of sweet potato fries, fruit, or mixed green salad.  It's all really really good.  If that doesn't sound appealing, there is for sure something else on the menu for you - breakfast is served until 3pm i think and there are tons of salads, sandwiches, and much more to choose from.Yes, it's in a strip mall, but isn't everything in Scottsdale in strip malls nowadays?  I guess I'm used to that.  This location seems like a good place to go with a group.  I would call ahead if you do so (even though it's never been too crowded when I've been).  I'm sure that their business will pick up soon - go check it out now before everyone reads this review and it gets crazy crowded!
Yes, as someone stated before, this place makes hooters look like a classy restaurant. You walk in, and the nurse tells you to sit wherever you want at this enormous awkwardly shaped table (a cross). I'm sure the owner or whoever designed it thought it was brilliant, but it was really awkward seating for our 6 person group. You sit on the outside of the cross, and the "nurses" work on the inside, taking orders/serving, etc. The inner lining of the cross also has mirrors, so you can check out your ugly nurses' asses from a variety of unflattering angles. And you end up staring and being stared at by other patrons of the restaurant, since you have to sit facing them.The food is really disappointing. Seriously, you expect the food at HAG to be like a "guilty pleasure," but for being that unhealthy, it has no flavor. Apparently, all they really intend is to clog your arteries, not to feed you something delicious. You can't justify putting that food in your mouth, because it tastes like soggy mush. Each patty is a half pound of unseasoned beef, cheese is optional. You have to go up and get your own tomatoes/onions/pickles (no lettuce), and also your own fries (which they charge extra for, and only put out in small batches, so you have to wait in line to get them since they run out so quickly). The fries, yes you would expect them to be delicious for being fried in lard, but no, they are soggy and gross. It was basically eating some disgusting potato and ketchup casserole. Oh, and all beverages come in a bottle, including water, which is another way for this cheap restaurant to charge you. Our "nurse" (i.e. waitress) was also 40+ years old, and should not have been wearing that skimpy outfit, and the other nurse was too fat for her job. I guess they make the ugly nurses work during weekdays (jk..not really). The service was terrible too. Seriously, there was barely anyone there, and the nurses acted like they were busy doing something, and never tended to us or followed up with us. Like dumbas$es we still paid tip.Anyway, go to hooters if you want better tasting food, better service, and better looking waitresses. I'm sure it's equally unhealthy, so don't feel bad. If you want burgers however, Red Robin has a tasty selection,, and their fries are absolutely delicious (and they bring them to you, so you're not standing in line like an a$$). Come to think of it, I think HAG stole their menu from In-N-Out. The burgers are the same, just bigger and flavorless. At In N Out, you can order a hamburger, a cheeseburger, a double-double, and then the "secret menu" of increasing cheeseburger sizes, and  which is exactly what HAG does. Basically, the way HAG runs its restaurant is to cut corners. Make you serve yourself, while still bringing your food to you to collect tip. The huge table is easy to service, cuz hey, it's just one huge table. You're not really engaged in what is supposed to be an amazing and awesomely unhealthy experience to remember. Nothing is fun about being at HAG. They don't live up to the theme of the restaurant than say, 5&Diner where you get the feel that you're in a 50s diner. Oh, and the music sucks.Bottom line, go to this restaurant if you want to clog your arteries. That's all you'll get out of your experience. That and regret.
I love beer. No I'm not talking about the mass marketed, mass distributed stuff that supposedly tastes great and is less filling. I'm talking about the flavorful heady craft brews that are interesting and actually flavorful. I enjoy beer much like I do food; it's a celebration of diversity, history and sensual stimulation, simply put, it appeals to all of your senses. One of the many cool things about beer is that it's like a meal in itself. With so many varieties to chose from there's bound to be one for every individual appetite out there.  Now where to get a great pint for a reasonable price?If you're not familiar, Four Peaks Brewery has been serving up tasty pints in the valley for years. Having 2 locations and a loyal following of people who appreciate beer, tasty pub grub at super low prices, both locations are pretty hopping on most nights. If you've ever heard of Kilt Lifter and 8th Street Ale which are served in most valley restaurants, those are Four Peaks creations.  The Tempe location actually has the whole brewery thing going on in a large warehouse type space, which was a creamery back in the day that now has the massive stainless steel vats for making some of their most beloved brews. The Scottsdale location has a similar warehouse feel including a more private mezzanine level. The bartenders and wait staff are very attractive and friendly, which you know gets kudos from me and if one of them is sporting a beard, even better! Though with the case of our server, it was definitely style over substance, maybe a bad hair day?Besides being with friends there isn't anything that goes better with good beer than good food. The menu seems to have been written with the beer in mind as well as used as an ingredient. The menu isn't super large but is easy to navigate with many salads, sandwiches and pizza's to choose from. Aside from everything being well priced, the portions are quite hefty, you won't leave hungry.  If you visit their website, be sure to sign up for the daily menu specials email. You'll receive 2 emails a day that features lunch and dinner specials for that day or night. The specials menu really gives the Four Peaks chefs a chance to be even more fun and creative. They can also be followed on Twitter as well as Facebook, isn't social networking great?!Great meals here begin with a great beer.  You'll notice a chalk board up on the wall displaying which beer is available including its alcohol content. You can use this as a point of reference as to how loaded you might end up. So be careful with the darker beers, not only will they fill you up like a meal in a glass but tend to get you snookered before the meal arrives. The Portero Chingon ($3) was an amazing Porter full of dark complexities with hints of chocolate and coffee. Those notes for me paired very well with the BBQ Chicken Pizza ($14.50/$17.50) which had a nice sweet and smoky sauce loaded with tender chicken breast. Pizzas come in 2 sizes, 12" and 14" but the 12" is of good heft and made a great appetizer for the table. To stand up to some of the stronger flavors of beer, the Bleu Light Special Burger ($9) with its thick juicy patty, hickory smoked bacon and smothered with blue cheese crumbles, was well grounded and a solid choice. Just to let you in on something, Four Peaks makes amazing beer bread it's similar to a really soft pita and makes for a great substitute to an ordinary bun. All sandwiches are served with your choice of beer battered fries, pasta salad or a garden salad; I went for the fries and couldn't have been happier with my choice. The fries are so light and crunchy you might finish yours and eat off a friend's plate and no I didn't do that. Yes I did.Now some sandwiches are served natively on beer bread like the Grilled Chicken Beer Bread ($9). They start with grilled chicken breast then add sautéed artichoke hearts, mushrooms, green peppers, red onion, mozzarella and then top with a creamy cucumber sauce for a Greek/Mediterranean flare. Try ordering a Hefeweizen ($4) to accompany since the bright lemon notes tasted so great with the chicken and vegetables on the sandwich. Or, have a beer sampler with your meal ($9) so you can taste several different beers and see which one works best for your tastes. The melted Swiss cheese and the tangy sauerkraut on the Reuben ($8.50) tasted good with the Kilt Lifter ($4) but I'm excited to try the Oatmeal Stout ($4) next time.Beer bread, beer battered fries and drinking beer, sounds like a beer fest right? It get's even more interesting for desserts, you wont find a Tiramisu like this one. Called the Stoutamisu ($5) they take espresso soaked chocolate sponge cake, then layer it with Oatmeal Stout lady fingers and chocolate mascarpone cream. Its feather light and a mile high though not as sickening sweet as many I've tried. Goes down like many of the Four Peaks brews, nice and smooth.
Rachel, our server, is a historian. And she's historically accurate, which is to say, she's the reason we now dine here on the blood of enemies after our hockey games instead of Four Peaks. Pete, one of the other servers, accused her faking the other reviews about this place for her benefit. Well, it's true, I am Rachel and I have obtained Elite status as Richard Z, Brad E and Dallas G For the purpose of self promoting. It's taken me two years but it was well worth it. Meanwhile, the veggie burger is good, the onion rings are as well, and the wii and the $60,000 live action video game system make me stay for more abuse from Richie Z. Brad E beat me really hard in a sword fight last week as well.   It's good. If you're here, eat here.
I come here every single Tuesday. The have $1 tacos and burritos. The red and green sauce is amazing. I have never tried anything other than the tacos (shredded beef, chicken, ground beef) or the burrito (I went with shredded beef). The burrito is large and filling. The tacos are excellent. This place has a drive thru as well and is always busy.If it's Tuesday and you have a few bucks, stop here.
I can't speak to the coffee because I don't drink it.  But I can say the staff caught me peering in as they were closing, and welcomed me in anyway (and I mean welcomed me, not begrudgingly asked if I wanted anything warning me they're about to close) where I treated myself (because I always control the money) to an over-sized lemon bar.  While the lemon bar was not the best I've had, it was pretty good and it was over-sized and that's an extra star alone.  Oh, and they have Pellegrino Limonata, my favorite!
The first time I ate here was when my in-laws visited two years ago.  I had the teriyaki glazed salmon, and found it to be just okay.  The garlic mashed potatoes are whipped so I didn't really enjoy that either.After the food situation at ZooBrew was a bust, Dottsy Z and I with our plus ones zipped over here for dinner on Friday evening.  First off, we had excellent service, and there was free live soft porn for entertainment.  Stay tuned for Dottsy's review--she had the best view of the "action."  We started off with the toasted ravioli with meat.  I didn't think it was great, but I would have preferred the cheese.  My husband had a steak which he said was very good.  I went with the smoked salmon appetizer for a light dinner.  "Light dinner."  There are two words that usually aren't next to each other in my vocabulary.  With the salmon was warm pita, a horseradish mousse, and capers.  I couldn't detect the horseradish which was fine with me.  The plate was a nice combination of flavors.  A little green apple or cheese might be a nice addition, but I enjoyed it.I might have bumped Frasher's to four stars had Dottsy's plus one not found a piece of plastic in his sandwich (supposedly from the turkey).  As it is, I still can't say that I'm a fan.
I was in for a great surprise when I walked in Thursday afternoon. I was with my baby and craving something sweet, yet sour and also good for me. I walked in and was immediately greeted/served by Betty's husband. After going through a display case of flavors to choose from, he told me they have key lime pie with homemade graham cracker crust. I swear, he read my mind! So happy, I almost snagged it from his hand. I sat down, baby was sleeping, and quietly enjoyed my key lime paleta. It was creamy, and very tart with a little sweetness. Just the way I love key lime pie. The crust is what made it all come together. I can't wait to go in for more. Especially after talking to Betty herself. She said everything is fresh. Meaning no frozen fruits/juices added and flavors are seasonal.
I am highly annoyed with Sam's Club right now.  I have always been a fan of both Costco and Sam's, but more recently Sam's changed it's return policy on electronics.  Now from a business stand point I completely understand that you were sick of taking my big screen TV back every year or two to upgrade my set with such a liberal return policy.  This is not what upset me but rather that I tried to return a jumper box and a large floor lamp that  stopped working.  I don't ever keep my receipt because it is a membership club that files EVERYTHING I buy in their system.  The return policy is still rather liberal but if they cant find the item they make you feel like you are taking advantage of them.  You see the reason I buy almost everything at both Sam's and Costco is because they make these companies stand behind their products (crazy I know), why else would I pay for an annual membership.  Anyway, Sam's also says  that their system only keeps files now for 2 years.  I went over to Costco later that day and guess what...they have files that go back to 2001.  I know it seems crazy to return anything after that long but I am not one of  those tool-bags that returns everything and I spend quite a bit of money at each club since I go out of my way to purchase there.  The final straw was when my mom tried  to go back to have them fix a nail in a tire she bought from them just 1 month ago (keep in mind that discount will fix any tire for free no matter where you purchase it) and she also had her receipt but because I bought them for her for Christmas and she does not have a membership.  They would not help her without my Sam's club membership number....OK, well the number was worn out on my card and it took an additional 15 minutes with me arguing over the phone with these pricks that SHE HAS A FRICKEN RECEIPT!!!  I am strongly contemplating canceling my membership with these guys.  It probably wont matter since Walmart owns the world now but they cant stay on top forever if they keep changing their rules.
Visiting some friends in Phoenix and saw all the great reviews on Yelp for Lo-Lo's.  Any place that includes chicken & waffles in its name has to be able to back that up!Short version: everything was wayyyy better than we could have hoped for!  Possibly the best friend chicken I've ever had - golden brown and moist & juicy with excellent batter.  The straight-up fried chicken is superb, but I ordered mine "smothered" with chicken-onion gravy and it was soooo good.  The waffles are also great - light and flavorful batter with a hint of cinnamon.  And yes, Lo-Lo's proves that chicken & waffles belong together!Honorable mention: the sides.  We tried collard greens, fried okra, creamy grits and candied yams (some of the best I've ever had).  Not a single wrong order out of a table of 5 on our first visit - doesn't that tell you something?
This place is walking distance from my house, which is the greatest thing on earth.  Its clean, the staff is friendly, and I can get cheap and easy dinners for two that arent at all bad in a pinch.  And their produce doesn't suck, which I like.
After watching my favorite TV chef  Daisy Martinez prepare ropa vieja in her PBS cooking program last night, I had an overwhelming craving for that dish, so today I headed to Sabor Cubano where this was my fave dish when I came for buffet. As one of the recent reviewers mentioned, this establishment is NO LONGER A BUFFET, but is now a full-service restaurant. But that was OK, I came here for the ropa vieja. It was as delicious as I remembered it to be from my previous trips here, and came with a tasty side of moros (black beans and rice), a simple fresh salad, and toasted buns. A great satisfying meal, which would have been perfect if they lowered the volume of the music on their sound system.
Went with my 19 year old son for late breakfast today. Sadly, the food is delicious. It's everything else that ruined it! The waitress never cracked a smile and just seemed annoyed to even have to wait on us. We are about the friendliest people you could wait on so I have to believe she either doesn't like her job or just has a general over-all bad attitude. My son and I both ordered waffles. There was no syrup on the table so I asked her to bring some maple syrup with order. After she walked away we noticed that we were the only table without a bottle of syrup, so I grabbed a bottle from the table next to us. The waffles came, hot and delicious. When we got the check my son picked it up to look at it and he noticed that there was a charge of $1.75 for each of our little individual syrups that came with the waffle (which neither of us ended up using as we used the large bottle we had grabbed from the other table). When I asked the waitress about the charge she told me that "we had ordered syrup". I , of course said I had just asked for syrup ( not ordered) their "gourmet" syrup that I didn't even know about! She said she would have the manager take it off. She ended up sending some other employee over who insisted I had ordered syrup, which I guess translated into ordering their SPECIAL syrup. If you think this is sounding absurd, we're on the same page! I am the least picky or cheap person you could ever meet! It was 100% the principle! I even gave the lackluster waitress a 20% tip just because that's the kind of person I am! In the end, they took the charge off for one of the syrups because I had opened mine, but son hadn't. Mr. or Ms. Manager.....shame on you! In this day and age, the least we can expect when we have lots of dining options is to be treated as a valued customer! I'll be going back to Butterfields where there is good food and service with a smile!
Guacamole Bacon Six Dollar burgerThis ranks amongst the few fast food burgers that really satisfies the craving for a big chunk of ground beef with enough stuff on it that it is guaranteed to come apart before you are done and make sure you are wearing some of it too. Price was reasonable at $7.49 for a combo meal.  With fries that comes to 1360 calories, mostly from fat.  And 3000mg of sodium.  I'm going to have to eat a bunch of rabbit food to counter that. :-)This location has been there 4 or 5 years and while I have eaten from there many times it is the first time I have gone over there and eaten in.  The floor paint is the only thing I saw with any real wear to it.  Everything was nice and clean.  The "new" concept of service where you order at the counter and they bring it to your table has been around at Carl's Jr and Whataburger for as long as I remember.  They even came to clear my table just as I put the last bite in my mouth.
I can't believe no one has reviewed this place before. This place is great!!! I was looking online for some fall things to do, pumpkin patches, etc, and Vertuccio Farms came up as being in the area I was going to be today. It is about 3 miles south of the 60 on Power Rd and about a half mile north of the 202/San Tan Freeway. Open until 6pm on Sundays, they just opened yesterday (10/1) for fall. It is $7 per person and children 4 and under are free. You can get a $1 discount for each non-perishable good donated or print out a coupon from their website. Additionally, you can pay $15 for a season pass. You are greeted by rows of pumpkins of various sizes as you walk in. The prices are comparable to Safeway but I would rather support local businesses. If I didn't think the heat would warp the pumpkins, I would have bought some today. There were several things to do here for adults and kids. There was a bounce house for kids and way larger one for kids and adults. Boy, that was fun! There was also one of those things that you swing the mallet down and try to hit the bell (separate ones for kids and adults). I laughed out the fake cow that the kids could "milk." There was a corn maze that we didn't go in since the girl warned me it takes 45 minutes to go through. Maybe next time on a cooler day. Other fun things we did were fake horse rides with inflatable horses, pedal go karts around a small track, and a free train ride around the grounds. Yes, the hubby and I squeezed ourselves in, too. In addition, there was a playground and many farm animals to see. There was also a farmer's market that closed at 4pm that we would have loved to check out. My suggestion would be to keep the hours consistent with the farm or, the farm could showcase some of the local goods from the farmers' market. That is one of the things I love about coming to places like that, to get a taste for all that is local. Other than that small thing, this was the best $7 per person, we have ever spent on a family outing!
4 STARS???If I could I would be all up in giving 0 stars in this motherfucker.I visited Ticoz based on the many good reviews. FAIL!Is TICOZ short for TOSTITOS?Because I swear... the chips served by the waiter were out of a cellophane bag from Costco. Margarita.... more ice than anything. Bleh.Service.... poor. We waited to be seated. We waited to have a drink order taken. Waited to get our drinks. The main courses were bizarre to say the least.The "tamales" were more like 2 scoops of sweet corn polenta.The shrimp were in a pile next to it, rubbery, frozen, slightly off flavored. The rice and beans, generic.The burgers were more like sliders. I think the burgers are prepared far in advance and assembled prior to serving. The bun was made soggy by the watery salsa. The mayo... became watery from the salsa as well. The cole slaw was bleh. The waffle fries were decent.The waiter was just weird. He was disengaged, unfriendly, and sluggish.Yo what be up wit yo foolz an yo fo stah reviews?!@!One of the worst places I have eaten in Phoenix - super trendy looking, with miserable vittles.1 star, only because there is no way to give 0 stars.Word is bond!
In a half hours time I searched yelp for mesa wifi spots, drove to "The Bungalow" and am now enjoying an egg bake with a pomegranate ice tea. Couldn't be happier to put off working a few minutes to give this lovely little place 4 stars.  I may upgrade my rating after trying the sweets!! PeaceOk,  I've now tried the brownie...  It's ridiculous.  I ate the whole thing save 2 bits just to kid myself.  It was good!
When I left Arizona six years ago, the craft beer scene consisted of Papago Brewery and Four Peaks. I would never complain about either, but there just wasn't much going on. After a recent visit, however, I found that there are not only a ton of new breweries but pretty awesome beer bars as well. Bravo, Arizona.  My visit just happened to coincide with AZ Beer Week (seriously) and Boulders on Broadway had an impressive lineup of drafts for the occasion.The day prior, they had tapped Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA, something that beer bars in San Diego only dream about. They also had a bunch of seasonals and local beers that I would never be able to get back home.After a few beers, I wanted pizza, my significant other did not... but this caused no problem at all due to their "personal" sized pizzas.  Genius!  Why don't more bars do this? Life is great when you're not arguing with friends about topping choices. I only wish this place was around when I was in college. No offense to Devil House (RIP), but chugging penny beers until someone broke the seal (literally, tape covering the bathroom door) just doesn't seem to measure up.
Their bread is so delicious, and being the carb-conscious nut I am, it's difficult to not devour all the bread (I don't usually). I've been to Jimmy John's in Chicago, so these subs aren't new to me, but I love that it's close by the office. Their tiny space gives an urban feel atmosphere... and it's also open late-night for all the Mill Ave barcrawlers!I usually order the Beach Club with turkey, provolone, avocado, lettuce, tomato and cucumber. While it's considered a "Giant Club" for which you're charged slightly more, it doesn't really feel giant to me. That's my only beef with the place, their regular sandwiches must be less filling in comparison... almost scared to try them! Best thing about JJ's is when I'm broke, I'm not above walking by for FREE SMELLS!
Visiting Postino Wine Cafe makes me feel like I am in another city... an urban, metro, pedestrian city such as San Francisco. Its casual, yet sophisticated and quite enjoyable. I recently visited Postino with two friends and had the Bruschetta -- we selected the Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato and Basil, the Smoked Salmon and the Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. Thumbs up on all of these yummy appetizers! The clientele is a hip, diverse crowd reflective of its gentrified, charming neighborhood of mid-century ranch homes, and yet just a hop from the Biltmore and Arcadia neighborhoods. Ah... Phoenix is growing up! Wish I knew more about wines to tell you more about that. It appeared to be a nice selection and there were bottles you can buy to take home as well. Parking is a challenge, however I will definitely be back.http://www.postinowinecafe.com/Update: Postino's is one of many restaurants/bars in AZ that permits concealed weapons without permits and is noted on the Arizona State Rifle and Pistol Association in their CCW Cafe page: http://www.asrpa.com/ccwcafe.html For that reason I am reducing the previously 5-star rating to 1-star.
A bunch of friends and I tried this place for my husband's birthday the other day after I found it here on Yelp.  For the love of everything tasty, this place was the BEST barbeque place I have ever been to (aside from a place I loved that went out of business in San Diego).  After reading all the reviews about the appetizers and entrees, I pretty much already knew what I wanted to order before even sitting down at our table.  Our waiter, Lorenzo, couldn't have been better with his service and sense of humor.  The feel of the interior was a mix of casual and modern yet not too overly countryfied...there weren't dead animals hanging on the walls staring at me as I ate or hides either.The group of us ordered the Onion Block for our appetizer.  I am not an onion person, but am a fan of the Bloomin' Onion at Outback.  But I can tell you right here and now that the Onion Block at BobbyQ's was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G-L-Y delicious!  It had the perfect crispy consistency, but what made it was the BBQ ketchup that it comes with.  I could have ate the sauce by itself.  The 6 of us ravaged it.  For our entree, my husband and I went for one of the winning combinations, particularly the BBQ chicken and prime rib.  We decided on the ranch beans and the Mac & Cheese (after the reviews) for our sides.  I went to ask for an order of corn bread (3 for $1.50) but Lorenzo told me that he would bring us a basket for all of us.  So, I am not sure if that is something that is included, kind of like chips and salsa at Mexican food joints.  The chicken was absolutely juicy and had the perfect amount of sauce and the prime rib was also juicy and melted in my mouth (we ordered it cooked Medium).  First, the Mac & Cheese was so very creamy and tasty that I had to stop myself from eating that and get back to the meat.  But the ranch beans tasted like so many others I have tasted, not bad though.  My friends and I, who also ordered the M&C, noticed a hint of jalapeno (not spicy, just the taste).  We asked Lorenzo and he told us they have two types of melted cheese in the kitchen, one being the cheese they usually use for the M&C and then this pepper jack/jalapeno cheese they use for other dishes.  He had said they must have accidentally used the wrong one and that it hadn't been the first time it happened.  This was so not a problem, b/c that jalapeno taste was actually what made it, I think.  I'll have to request it next time.  The desserts didn't impress me much, but I knew from the reviews, we'd be getting free donuts before we left.  I loved that touch!  Mark my words, we will be going back more than once.  I'm sure we will take our in-laws and my family to give them the chance to taste BobbyQ's deliciousness!!!!!
I'm almost ashamed to be writing this review, because I DO NOT eat Fast Food Ever! But twice, OK it was 3 times, I have let my hungry stomach and my teenage daughter do the thinking when it comes to lunch. I have to say though, if they did not offer the grilled cheese, there would be no way I could be talked into going here. I actually enjoyed my grilled cheese, basically a cheeseburger with everything but the meat, and those strangely addicting fries I really couldn't stop eating. For Fast Food it was not bad, it didn't make me feel bad for eating it either, not even the fries, maybe its because they aren't really greasy?Anyway, as much as I hate to admit it, the next time I'm starving to the point of not thinking and need a  quick meal, I would come back for a grilled cheese and fries for sure!
Oh, Chelsea's Kitchen, how I love thee. I don't usually wax on about restaurants, but I love everything about this place. It isn't fine dining, but the food is good and I'm always in a good mood as I walk up to the front door of this establishment. The service is always friendly, from the host at the door to every server or bartender I have ever dealt with there. I love the bar, whether I'm sitting on the inside or outside sections. If the weather is good, the patio tables are SO worth the wait. Last weekend, after a long morning run, Chelsea's Kitchen was our reward. As we sat, drinking our beers, we planned a future backyard filled with mesquite trees that provided a natural canopy of shade. Seriously, I could have sat there and drank all day. Come to think of it, I don't know why we didn't. Food-wise, I am a huge fan of the rib-eye tacos. Their burgers are are excellent, as well. You're not going to see a James Beard award associated with Chelsea's Kitchen. It's not that kind of place. The food is good and simple. The ambiance is casual and fun; nice enough for a business dinner, and casual enough for lunch with friends. I've never walked out of there anything but happy and will return again and again.
I admit, I'm not much of a sushi connoisseur, but Kona Grill definitely was really tasty! I came here Friday night with a group of people to celebrate a friends birthday, and I really enjoyed myself.The menu is easy to read with a variety of different options. The descriptions help me order since I am completely in the dark about sushi.  In between the server and my friends, I ordered quite a few plates of different food and all of them were really tasty.  I think my favorite was the Las Vegas roll by far!  My friend and I also split the Philly roll along with a few other dishes as well.  They have some really strong chocolate martinis, and overall I had a really good experience here.I think I like it here for a variety of reasons. For starters, its easy to order if your new to sushi like I am.  The server will help you if you have any questions, and I found the food to be really really good.  Not that other places are bad, but it can be overwhelming if you have no idea what your doing like me.  Also, they have plenty of stuff with out avocado in it since I think its one of the most disgusting foods in the entire world.  (I know some people will give me slack about it, but the consistency and lack of flavor completely turn me off and I just think its gross overall. This includes guacamole.)If your not into sushi, they also have several other menu options such as burgers and sandwiches which I think is awesome!  I know if I came here again I can order just about anything, weather its a burger or a Las Vegas roll and know that I will enjoy myself.  Great menu, service and overall good time. Try it out of your in the area!
I have no idea what the buzz is about unless they hired a good PR agency. The burgers are as average as possible which makes the place over priced. Try Smashburger or Lucky Boy if you want a really great burger.
The name does suggest some competition and what's funny is that you can't have better than sex cake without having the thoughtful discussion around is it or isn't it. I'd dare say there's more sex being discussed at the little cafe tables than on an Oprah show.My thoughts, it is good cake...
Good pizza is like good sex...after you've had it, you keep thinking about it, and you want more. Well, I had Grimaldi's pizza tonight and I keep thinking about it and I want more. This pizza is fabulous! The crust could not be more perfectly thin, crunchy on the bottom, and chewy on the top, and just overall stellar. The toppings were sublime.I sat at the bar, had a couple of cocktails and the best pizza I've had in forever. The bartender, was a great chic. She new how to be friendly and give great service without feeling forced or phony. I told her I had ridden my bike up there, so she offered to wrap up my extra pizza in tinfoil and put it in a plastic bag, so I could fit it in my basket. I had my purse, so a Styrofoam to go thing would have sucked. Styrofoam sucks anyway, but this would have been a space issue. Anyway, I love this place mucho, mucho.  Try it out to see what I am talking about.
First of all, I'm glad that Lola moved in to this space. I miss Calabria, but I'm glad something worthy has taken over this spot that serves delectable things.Thanks to Chef Danielle (formerly of Sweet Pea Bakery), Lola's baked goods are worth dreaming about. If you ever find macarons (perhaps this is the French spelling?), then you have to purchase one or two because those things are to die for.I like the ambiance, I like the staff and people who frequent it. It's a good crowd, mostly on their laptops or busy reading their books or newspapers.Here's my one and only complaint: They don't make their drip coffee hot enough.I'm a simple gal. I don't ask for those mocha, macchiato, extra foam, skinny-skinny, with drizzle and powder on top kinda drinks. I just want simple brewed coffee with some room for my cream.The first time I purchased coffee at Lola's, it was served in a cup because I chose to drink it there. And it was already lukewarm, therefore, it was "iced" coffee by the time I had my second sip. The next time, I asked for it in a to-go cup, thinking that the lid might keep the coffee warmer longer. Alas, the drip coffee was lukewarm after my third sip. The last time I was there (3 days ago), I asked for them to put in a to-go cup again and to make it a little hotter than usual. Oh, it was hot alright, but maybe just 2 notches above their usual "warm."I'm not looking for scalding coffee but just hot enough for me to enjoy hot coffee a little longer while reading the Arts section of the Arizona Republic (and there's really not much content in that section).Can't a girl ever get hot coffee from there? That's all she asks.
I'm not really an Asian food enthusiast, but I have to say I loved Tottie's!  Since the menu is pretty extensive, we asked for a recommendation and had the green curry.  My dining companion likes things a little spicier than I do, so we ordered a medium-low.  It wasn't too much heat for me, but I can only imagine what ordering hot will do to you!  The curry was fantastic.  The heat cannot mask the flavor of this dish!  I'm already looking forward to going back to Tottie's the next time my husband puts his foot down about eating at yet another Mexican restaurant!
Chick-Fil-A is one of the fast food chains I will on occasion patronize-A.  You know why?  Because when I have some of their nuggets or strips and a fry I don't feel nauseous and greasy and heavy like I would if I had gone to BK or MCD or most of the other chains.And I really like the waffle fries.  If only Chick-fil-A had some cheese sauce for the fries.  Yum.The quality has been consistent.  So, while the food at Chick-fil-A is kind of bland at least it's decent and doesn't make me feel ill.
In the San Francisco area, I have had good Thai and lousy Thai.  This place, by comparison, would count under the former.Thai food, on the whole, isn't really my taste, but my wife and daughter really like it, so I head over to a Thai restaurant every once in a while with them.  As all the curry and coconut milk really doesn't do it for me, I tend to get Thai fried rices, etc. while I'm there.  At The Siamese Cat, the food was good, but did not quite have the complexity that I am used to at the other Thai spots I have been to (in the Bay Area mostly.)  There was nothing whatsoever wrong with the food--it was just not as interesting as other places in my experience.  Less depth of flavor.Would I discourage you from coming here?  Not at all.  Service and atmosphere were very pleasant.  Don't let my snobby tastes give you the wrong impression.  We had a nice meal here and will return sometime.  Give these folks a try.
Chile Relleno plate was pretty good here the beans were good the rice was meh. The chips and 2 diff salsa's were good tasted fresh. It didnt take long and Horchata was good! All in all I will stop here again and try some other dishes since its really close to my new pad!
I've been trying to get to El Bravo for months, and I finally made it! The atmosphere is pretty cozy and the staff was very friendly. I ordered a green chili burrito with beef and potatoes, and I also ordered a shredded pork taco. The burrito was great. The green chili was a winner in the flavor department. On the contrary though, the shredded pork was pretty bland. It almost tasted like it wasn't spiced at all. It was unfortunate, but it didn't ruin my visit. Lastly, I got to try some of a chicken burrito. I am definitely ordering chicken during my next visit. It was some of the best tasting chicken that I've had at a Mexican restaurant. It was well seasoned and not dried out! I've had so many bad experiences with chicken at Mexican dives that I've pretty much stopped ordering it, but El Bravo will be my exception.I'm going to need to try more, but all in all, El Bravo was pretty good.
Wow!!! This is the best ice cream I have ever had - seriously, folks, this place shows Sweet Republic who's boss.  The ice cream is rich and creamy and full of flavor.  I tried the butter pecan, banana, peanut butter and chocolate.   The chocolate was unlike any chocolate ice cream I have had before - you could actually taste the coco flavor and it was more satisfying than a sugar loaded Hershey's concoction.  Bonus - they have pretzel cones!! This went especially well with scoops of chocolate and peanut butter! Yum!!I hopped on the froyo train for awhile there, but this place is going to cause me to derail and get fat.  Oh well.  I'll be happy. The interior is a very cute, old-school ice cream parlor.  It reminded me of Smeeks.  There was not seating inside, but about 5 tables outside.  They also have lots of retro candies and freshly baked cookies and complimentary water in a jug (flavored with lavender and lemon).I've already forgotten that Mary Coyle's is closing down...
Amazing flavors, unique ambiance, and friendly staff. What else can you ask for? Oh yes...it's better than Starbucks!  Their menu ranges from your regular boba flavors to the unique Patbingsu plate (Korean ice shaved desert with all kinds of yummy toppings like, red beans, tiny marshmellow rice cakes, kiwis, cherries and more, topped with syrup/milk).  I am too lazy to make daily trips since I live in NE Mesa but this place is wonderful...I go at least once a week but always miss it.
I went with a group from work.  We had 7 of us.  We were seated pretty quickly.  The menus are huge and lots of things to pick from.  Yeah, I noticed all the dishes are pretty BIG.  The service was quick and pretty good.  I ordered the chicken fingers with fries.  Their batter is little coated and crispy.  The chicken was still moist.  All in all, it was good.
I'm def not a vegetarian but I decided to give Green a-go when my co worker (veggie head) wanted to grab some lunch. She had been here once before with less than desirable food, but figured she'd give it one more shot.Well, no more shots for Green are in our future...We ordered at the desk and our food came out within 15 minutes. No big deal there. My friend ordered the artichoke dip that was served with chips and hummus that was served  with deep fried pita chips, and I ordered the Kung Pao "Chicken". If you didn't tell me there was artichokes in the dip, I would have never known. It was more of an enchilada sauce/bean dip weird mess. Not horrible on the pallet, but def not what we expected was ordered. The Hummus was spicy and came with a pickle (??) on the side. Pita crisps were way too deep fried for their own good. Needless to say... we did not ask for a to-go box. The Kung Pao chicken wasn't bad per-say, but my "Chicken" was very stringy and foamy to the texture. Yes, I said I wasn't a veggie head, but I have had Morning Star "chicken" before and it's 10 times better than what  came in my bowl.I get veggie heads love this spot because they don't have to narrow down the menu to 2 items, but me thinks not.
There's something to be said for consistency.Like how the owner is always standing at the checkout counter, scouring the stock section of the newspaper...grumbling to himself.How the same lady server has worked there for all of the twenty or so years I've been going there. And how the food never varies.The same dozen or so featured items week after week, year after year. Sometimes you need that.The feeling that while the rest of the world is changing at breakneck speed, there's a respite from all of it. A place where you know you can always go where the food, the people, the ambiance will always be the same.Its small intimate surroundings.The server, who upon seeing me knows to bring me a diet coke and does so before I seat myself. And the warm smiles from the owners when I leave.Be forewarned however. It's not fancy.Its very small, and can get crowded at lunch and dinner.But the food will always be the same, guaranteed.This place is pure comfort.
It's always good to see someone from the 'hood doing well. Dutch Bros. Coffee was founded by 2 brothers, who happen to have a Dutch heritage. My kinsmen, both geographically and nordicly:)They are from, of all places, Grants Pass, Oregon (do not snooze on the drive up I-5 or you will miss Grants Pass...actually, don't snooze while you're driving that section of I-5...you'll drive off a mountainside and miss some of the most spectacular scenery in the United States, because you'll have crashed).Dutch Bros. are still headquartered in Grants Pass. That seems like a pretty small town for a couple of guys who own a business like this, but I bet it doesn't seem small if you have a jet to get out of town...and I bet old Travis and Dane have a jet because they've sold an ocean of coffee over the past few years!Boy, do we know our coffee in the great northwest, or what (oh I know, I haven't lived up there for 15 years and it takes a threat of physical force to get me to go back to the ranch these days, but I still like to claim the place for something more than the rain:)After my run this morning, I had to go pick up my mail (and can anybody tell me why they moved my PO Box from the very convenient Osborne location to North Tempe?...it's about a 45 minute drive down there and back).And what do you want more than anything else after running 5 miles in 90 degree heat? That's right...a cup of piping hot coffee.I pulled into the drive through and said "set me up", then I got to the speaker and had to say it again.They got my coffee right the first time (right sweetener, right cream...it's why I almost never use drive through for coffee, but these guys made me happy).And best of all, it's good coffee!They don't seem to have a place to hang out and read your electro-mail or write your novel on your laptop (remember, the Dutch bros. are no-nonsense Oregon logging country boys...hard to read your electro-mail while you're dragging a Douglas fir out of the woods and your laptop is actually the top of your lap, but you do need decent coffee when you're getting up at 3:00 am to go to work).But I see you can get out of your car and walk up to the window and get your coffee and sit at a table outside...but with a long drive back to Old Town Scottsdale, I just didn't have time.The Dutch Bros. Coffee...quality, value, useful, practical and competent coffee...in other words...very dutch!
SO the other day I was having a crazy salad craving and couldn't figure out where to go to make it happen.  I remembered being a fan of the Mambo Salad (Wasabi caesar) and since Mastro's is both in my neighborhood and has been one of my favorite restaurants for the past 9 years, I called ahead and ordered one to go plus grilled shrimp.Arriving at the restaurant, I really wished I had time to dine with the and enjoy a full meal but i'd had a long day and really just wanted the salad and my couch.  As always, all staff members I came into contact with were friendly, neatly attired and welcoming.My mouth watered all the way home at the prospect of tearing into the cold, crisp green, plump grilled shrimp and the hint of sharp heat from the wasabi caeser dressing but when I opened the container, what I saw shocked and saddened (yes, saddened...I AM a foodie after-all) me.  In the box were the usual mixed greens and container of dressing (key that it wasn't already tossed with the greens ensuring their crispness) and perched proudly atop said greens was one SINGLE grilled shrimp....I couldn't believe it.... At ($11 for salad greens and $7 for the addition of shrimp there should have been at least a COUPLE).  I dug around in my greens looking for my shrimp's buddies but alas, it was truly alone.  I didn't know what to do. I ended up calling the restaurant to ask (which I had not initially) what adding grilled shrimp to my salad consisted of and was told by the manager on duty that there should have been a whole or half shrimp as well as chopped throughout the salad and that he would reverse the charge and I should ask for him when next I dined with them.  Prior to calling the restaurant, I did what everyone does, I posted a picture on Facebook: http://tinyurl.com/cn73btc Anyway, I ate my salad and savored that shrimp (Actually quite a large shrimp, looked to be a U10 and it was actually QUITE tasty).  Nothing more would have come of it had I not received a call the following day form the General Manager who'd been informed of what had happened by his shift manager and wasn't about to let things end there.Mark N. Let me know in no uncertain terms that my experience wasn't what he expected of Mastro's restaurants nor up to his standards.  He explained what he though had gone wrong and what he intended to do to prevent it happening in the future.  He reiterated that the charge would be reversed and that he wanted to send me a $100 gift card for the trouble.  I told him i'd been dining in various Mastro's restaurants for 9+ years and had never had anything but great food and service and that the gift card wasn't necessary but he insisted.  Bottom line here is this is what customer service should be.  Mastro's and their General Manager are leading from the top down and setting an example to their employees that customers are not disposable.  Not only will I return to redeem the gift card (while leaving a few extra of my hard earned dollars in the process) but I will continue to dine with and recommend them to anyone looking for a great meal and superior service.  My Facebook post regarding my conversation with Mark resulted in 30 "likes" and 13 additional comments, I'd say this is a "win" far in excess of $100 for Mastro's.  If you haven't been, GET.IN.YOUR.CAR! (and whatever you do, don't miss the warm butter cake of dessert)
Hands-down, the best stuffed French Toast I've ever had! The cinnamon swirl bread was soft and thick, sliced in half (could only finish half- hello breakfast for lunch!). Flowing from the center was the most delicious vanilla cream cheese filling, and the bananas foster on top was just the icing on the cake! It came with some protein to balance out the carb fiesta-- bacon, yummy & crispy! The server was friendly, and of course I got seated right away (10:30am on a Monday morning). She kept kept my iced tea filled without me ever having to ask, and even knew to give me one to-go!The overall feeling of the Wy-Knot Cafe is relaxed and has a really good vibe. From the colorful, almost dreamy paintings on the wall to the dog-friendliness (pictures of Wyatt everywhere), it just made me feel happy being there. I also liked the variety of seating options and the spaciousness of having two rooms.This, my friends, is what makes me love breakfast so much! And I can't wait to go back for lunch (and of course breakfast)!
I'm native to Phoenix and have been eating this brand of tortillas my entire life.  I guess my taste buds have adapted because no other tortilla brand compares.  Red Eagle brand laughs in the face of Mission Tortillas!  So when my father-in-law came to visit from the East Coast and asked for some authentic tortillas to take home I knew where to go.  You can buy a regular pack at grocery stores but the factory sells larger quantites which is what we wanted for him to take home.  We purchase several dozen tortillas and tamales and they were a hit back in Pennsylvania!  Thanks for not disappointing Red Eagle!
One of my favorite features of the Salt Cellar is the wide range of seafood they offer. I recently had the Alaskan Halibut Cheeks, which I have never seen on any other menu here in the desert of Phoenix....these cheeks were unbelievably amazing. They also were featuring a special for the month of August called a "Clam Bake", included a dozen steamed clams, one pound and a quarter lobster and an ice cold draft beer PLUS veggies, a side salad and baked potato... ALL of that goodness for $45... does it get any better that that? I don't think so. As a pretty serious "yelper" and foodie, I once again recommend this place to anyone out there who loves great seafood, outstanding service and unique atmosphere. You really can't go wrong. Go for it seafood lovers!
A cool spot to get some drinks and grab a bite. It has a very hip atmosphere and the food is good. With the lack of options downtown this is a go-to spot. The only thing I would say is an issue is the service. It's pretty slow and unattentive, at least at the bar, and service is key.
This was my first stop after my plane landed at PHX on Sunday afternoon.  After I managed to get lost about 20 times in the huge Scotsdale Fashion Center, I finally managed to find the little blue window for Modern Burger.  I picked up two sliders and a side of fries.  The have two small tables right next to the ordering window, so I was able to dig in right away.  I thought the burgers were really good, which is impressive since I don't really like American cheese.  My leftovers were still delicious the next day after being warmed up in my hotel microwave.  Definitely worth the drive!
This is the quintessential Mexican restaurant if you live in Topeka, Kansas, or South Bend, Indiana, and don't know what Mexican food is.  Bland, bland, bland.  Let's begin with the ridiculous up-charges.  $1.95 for chips and flavorless salsa that reminds me of tomato paste.  If you want some salsa with flavor, you can get the tomatillo salsa  . . . for an additional $1.95.  Dear restaurateur: chips and salsa are free at real Mexican food restaurants.  $3.50 for three very small corn tortillas.  Guacamole is a Mexican food favorite, so you better offer it, and it had better be good.  We paid $8 for guacamole that rivaled generic grocery store brands for flavor.  Luckily, I could add the overpriced tomatillo salsa to give it some zest.  I don't know if the guacamole doesn't usually come with chips, but they charged me for the aforementioned chips/salsa even though you'd think the chips were part of the guacamole feast.  The borracho beans were something like $3.50 and amounted to perhaps five spoonfuls of beans.  On the bright (ok--the "not horrible" side), my fiancee had a cheese quesadilla that wasn't bad.  This is the food equivalent of Gilbert Ortega jewelery stores.  Tourists will want to stop by to have some of the 100+ tequilas and to say they ate Mexican food when they visited Arizona.  The rest of us who know about Barrio Cafe, Los Dos Molinas, etc., will want to avoid it.
So after reading Laura L's review I was scared to go to NOCA since the executive chef left as her review was so bad.  I still had faith though that a place this caliber wouldn't go downhill that fast with the rest of the cooks still there.  I had the chef tasting menu and it was up there with the top meals I have ever had and the experience was amazing.  Palate cleanser:  Toasted nuts, raspberries, cheese and balsamic reductionAppetizer: (upgraded)Lobster roll - So amazing I will be back on a Wednesday just to eat this againSecondi:Hand Cut Pasta with brown butter and FennelEntree:Veal Scallopini-  This was perfectly cooked and the presentation was amazingDessert:Cotton CandyPassion Fruit and CoconutI also paired the meal with the wine accompanies which all were great except the dessert wine didn't really pair with the dessert I got but after I finished it and had a few minutes it went down well but just didn't go with the food.  Other than that I have nothing bad to say about this amazing experience.  I heard many people getting substitutes for things they didn't want and there were no issues.  I think this place is still as good as everyone reviewed and I wouldn't avoid it.  They are searching nationally for a new executive chef and I think that will change things but for now it's still an amazing place and I can't wait to go back.
Thoroughly enjoyed my first meal at Acacia.  Food was good and service was fine and more than reasonably prompt, especially considering they were rather full.  I went with an expired Living Social coupon that was supposed to still be good for the initial purchase price.  The lady at the counter not unreasonably balked a little at the long expired coupon but did so courteously,  and after consulting the (other?) owner/manager (of her own volition and without prompting) - they honored the coup.  Food was delivered reasonably promptly, again especially considering how busy they were.  I had a great salad, fresh verdantly green spinach, with strawberries, guacamole, and a peppercorn dressing.  My friend had an omelette with fresh home-made hash browns and found his satisfying and filling as well.  Dining on the outdoor patio was great, due to unseasonably comfortably cool weather, and a slightly  unexpected pleasure considering the proximity to Indian School Road.  A good experience - Not on my usual travel path but will make effort to go back.
This is the best restaurant in the state of Arizona, the food, the staff, the decor, this is the total package! The best also comes with a price you can expect from the best, but you dont eat here every night. Treat yourself, whether its boys night out, a special occasion, or you just so happen to be in town and need a darn good meal this is the place. The bone in filet is my suggestion as rarely in life does one come across a bone in fliet. I dont know how you can save room for dessert, so just force it down, its all great!
Wow, this place has amazing food!  It is so refreshing to see vegetarian food with variety, flavor and creativity.   I wanted to eat every single thing on the menu, and so did my friend.  We decided to start off with the hummus of the day (Butternut squash), and split two meals, the vegan tacos and the burger of the day (Sweet potato and Mill).  The tacos were filled with a spiced walnut "meat" vegan nacho cheese and sour cream and served in red cabbage cups.  They were soooo good, I would have never thought to use walnuts as meat substitute, brilliant! The burger was another big winner! It had a jalapeño curry sauce that was so flavorful, and it paired nicely with the sweet potato and avocado. On the side were yummy baked fries with homemade barbeque sauce... still licking my lips!  I'll definitely be back, again, and again, and AGAIN!
The first time I went here, I LOVED IT!This time.... not so much.We had awful awful awful service.Our server was slow, forgetful, and snotty.YUCK.I like the pomegranate seeds in the guacamole.I ordered the enchiladas suizas, and I found them to be oddly sweet and the chicken was chewy and tough inside.I think this place has outlived it's useful lifespan.
Last night I went to The Melting Pot with three girlfriends for a special "Girls' Night Out" event that they marketed. There was a set menu, and the price was $29 per person with a few options for $5 martinis. If you wanted a drink that wasn't on the set menu, you paid extra. When we arrived, we were greeted outside by two very bronzed girls who were promoting Planet Beach tanning salon. They gave us as many samples as we could carry (for those of us who wanted tanning lotions and such) and had a entry form for a free month of tanning.We had reservations for 6:15, so we were seated promptly. Our waiter, Cody, came over to introduce himself and explain how things were working that evening. When we asked about the other activities outside (we had seen girls getting paraffin dips and hand massages and eyebrow waxing in the courtyard), Cody told us that we could participate after dinner. Angela, our friend who made the reservation said when she called they told her we could get those services until 10 PM. So, we relaxed.We ordered our cheese and cooking options and then some drinks. The drinks took forever to arrive. Seriously. We had almost completely finished our cheese fondue by the time the drinks arrived. The cheese option we selected was a spinach and artichoke white cheese concoction that was delicious. But isn't anything with cheese delicious? :-)There were several times when we complained (to ourselves) about our lack of drinks. Later, when one of our friends said she would want to order another martini in about 5 minutes, our waiter said, "I should probably go put it in now, though, considering how backed up they are." We thought, 'Oh wow, they are really busy with this promotion.' Turns out they had no glasses. In fact, the Ahwatukee location had to run over glasses for Scottsdale. I thought it very odd that the restaurant would advertise a big Girls' Night Out event and not be prepared for ladies wanting drinks. Oh well. We choose the basic bouillion cooking style, and our plates contained sirloin, filet, chicken, shrimp, butternut squash ravioli, and an assortment of veggies. It was a ton of food! We were not expecting to get so much at the discounted price. Our chocolate fondue choices were limited to milk, dark or white. Three of us were up for dark and one wanted white, so Cody was nice enough to bring her a little bowl of white chocolate. We had a ton of dessert .... And it was delicious.Meanwhile, a woman from Mary Kay came over carrying a basket of what looked like presents. She asked us if we had heard about the drawing yet, and we said no. She said, "OK, well, I'll just leave these entry forms here with you." And, she did. But, she never told us what the drawing was for .... and she never returned. She asked us "Does anyone have any Mary Kay products in their purse." One of my friends did, and she got "a prize" - one of the presents. Then she asked us, "Does anyone have any lipstick at all." We all did. We all got "presents." Our present was a bag of marketing materials, which was kind of a let down. Next, the bill. This got a little weird because there were additional charges on our bill that didn't make sense to us. We paid with three credit cards, and all I know is I was charged $6 more than I should have been, and my friends who had either higher priced drinks or multiple drinks paid less. We asked the waiter about some of the charges, and apparently one of the drinks ordered was not on the set menu and was therefore extra. Though, we had asked about making an adjustment and he never said it would be more. We excitedly went to the courtyard for our treatments and discovered that everyone was either gone or was cleaning up! And it was still early! That was a bummer ....So, overall, the food was great, and it was so nice to connect with friends over a leisurely dinner. The price was perfect - about $40 a person when you consider drinks and tip - and if they do another such event, I will go again, but try to arrive early to make the most of the activities.
I love this restaurant.I eat an incredibly strict paleo-ish diet which means I don't eat the following:canola oil, soy oil, sugar, flour, farmed salmon (served by virtually every other restaurant in town including True Food Kitchen), grain fed beef, and a host of other food.  It sounds awful, but believe it or not there is no limit to the number of incredibly delicious meals that can be made despite these limitations.  Unfortunately, these meals *almost* always have to be home cooked.  Restaurants simply have not gotten to delivering a pure, healthy meal.Well, that changed when I discovered Nourish.  Their menu consists of a variety of items that I can eat.  As a bonus, their food actually tastes great.There isn't much more for me to say: a restaurant that cooks healthy food that I can enjoy.  Given my incredibly strict definition of the word healthy (and I admit that this is a relatively subject label as the scientific research stands in the year 2012), Nourish is one of the few restaurants I can enjoy.  And so I love them.Other notes: the service was hit or miss when they opened but these days it has gotten a *lot* better, to the point where I rarely have a problem.
I love pho. I really do. I love all Asian noodle soups in general now that I think about it - udon, ramen, pho. Yum.Anyway, unPhogettable!Excellent excellent service. Super friendly employees that take note of what you want or do not want in your pho. Large portions. Great quality meat. And delectable broth. Though, as I always do, I added a ton of sriracha and hoison to make it even more delicious. Ohmygosh my mouth is watering at the thought. Also - I'm usually not a huge fan of shrimp spring rolls, I tend to find them somewhat blah, but the shrimp spring rolls here are quite enjoyable!I will definitely be returning so I can try the bun bo hue :]
what's not to love about fresh & easy? great prices and i can find almost anything I am looking for at f&e.  i popped in today for some fresh chicken, pepper jack cheese, roma tomatoes, lettuce and wheat bread with no corn syrup.i always take a peek at the reduced aisle section when i am at the store because you can find some great deals.  i also like that they sell pops chips at f&e..yum-ojust like costco, they have samples of their food.  i was able to sample their hummus and i loved it. (at a different f&e location).  this is not the newest f&e i have been to but still very nice and helpful employees.
This place has like... .4 or 5 tables....MAKE A RESERVATION!For reals.This place has killer food.  Killer.It's so good.  I love it.
Only the best for the Beautiful Carin...that's what I tell her constantly...that's why she chose me...that's why I take her only the best places...Like Ranch House Grille:)Surprisingly, she hadn't been to RHG with me before now, so off we went for Saturday "Lunfast" after our workout...(I was going to call it brunch, but it was Saturday and about 1:00 pm so it kind of felt like a retox lunch time thingy, but I had breakfast, so...:-)Carin was charmed by the rustic decor and the family atmosphere at RHG (these folks are from up around Page, Arizona...this is the southern outpost of the family restaurant empire:)She was more charmed by the food:)I ordered up a Chili Verde Omelet (I need to digress for minute...I've always been a red chili "snob" when it comes to chili omelets...I mean who thinks Green Pork Chili on an Omelet?...well, I do...now:-)...this is really the adult version of "Green Eggs and Ham" (BTW, RHG can steal that for their menu if they want...I don't mind:)I am astonished at how well the flavors of the rich and meaty green pork chili work with the fresh fluffy eggs in the omelet...this is what the word "sublime" was invented to describe:)Carin continued her very healthy ways with a veggie omelet made with egg whites...although I did notice that about 20% of my omelet was "missing" when I returned from a brief visit to the clean and shiny restrooms:)She said there was a commotion in the restaurant while I was gone, and when she turned back from gawking, part of my Lunfast omelet was missing...but I don't know...there were unexplained Chili Verde traces on her plate:-)She said next time we go, I can get the Chicken Fried Steak and eggs and she will get the Chili Verde Omelet...maybe she'll let me share:-)
I swiped my badge at the time clock at roughly 5:32.As I walked wearily down the long gray corridor under the sickening fluorescent lights of my office building I felt overcome with weariness. The bleakness of my 9-5 schedule and the resulting placid evenings were grating on me. I stepped foot outside the building and lit up. The sun was setting, the clouds unfurling and soon the night would fall. I strolled over toward the light rail stop on Priest and Washington, the cigarette had made me queasy and I realized how hungry I was.  I contemplated some greasy tacos and a fat burrito from Fili-B's; semi concious of the direction I was heading, my stomach lead me by the nose- My brain was weakly suggesting tacos, but my stomach had seized power, and in this coup, resistance would be futile. My feet meekly obeyed and stomach was dictating, barking out orders like Idi Amin, 'Falafel!' he demanded. Sami's Gyros was mostly empty around 5:40, save two plump young ladies watching the Cowboys and Red Skins game, and the lone Greek fry cook cleaning his station, the door jingled and he looked up at me from under bushy eye brows, his dark eyes made large by the thick prescription lenses he wore. I walked up to the counter and in a voice not my own, made my order.  "A Falafel sandwich and an order of Hummus!" I demanded, slamming both palms on the counter. The fry cooks eyes bulged even larger and his lips parted, the mustache on his upper lip trembled as he replied "1 falafel sandwich, and 1 hummus plate? cccertainly.." he stammered.I handed a young woman in a pony tail with heaving breasts my atm card, she languidly rang up my order and stared strangely at me. I snatched my receipt from her fingers, turned on my heels and sat regally on a high stool that faced the plaza outside. Occasionally I'd glance at the game, it appeared as if Washington was winning, but I'd never been a football fan, and these teams especially didnt hold my interest.  Before I knew it my order came, the fry cook brought out my hummus first, I devoured it, then he brought my sandwich.  As I sat and greedily ate my sandwich, tzatziki sauce dribbling down my face and fingers, I saw one of my co-workers leaving filiberto's, panic and shame overcame me, I tried to hide my face behind my hulking sandwich, she passed by aloof, thankfully- the last thing I need at work is a new nickname. After I'd satiated my tyrant stomach with Sami's fare, I felt gladdened to know that crappy mexican fast food was not my only after work snack option.
CHIPS and SALSA (2 kinds) and BEAN DIP all while you wait for your food.  Don't bother ordering appetizers, the chips and dips will satisfy you.  If you like margaritas, order the jumbo marg and sit in the nice air conditioned room.  Arriba is Mexican food, nothing fancy with a twist- just good ol' Mexican food.  You know the kind you eat and say "why oh why did I just eat all that?".  I come here ever so often.  I had the carnitas just recently and was was very happy with my meal.  Have Fun!  Prices range anywhere bettwen $9-$15ish.
Pino's should be your stop if your not in brooklyn, or Italia.  His place has the best Italian Menu in town.  Italian owner Pino is always smiling and welcoming his second family, his guest.  The Menu definitely has it's New York flavor with just a simple folded paper with all the items.  His Pizza's are delicious try something different every time you will not be dissapointed.  One of Pino's specialty pizza's is the Pinos Pasta Pizza a very interesting pie that packs the carbs, but you will want it all the time.Calzones... What can I say about them?  I will put anyone up against Pino's!  His calzones are simply amazing.  You can mix and match them to your liking.  His ingredients are superb!  If you like Prosciutto Di Parma make sure its on your calzone with some tomatoes, fontina cheese and he will do the rest.I can talk about this place for hours.... I have been a longtime customer and Pino is working on helping me with my Italian after all the visits I have made.  Parking is tuff so be ready to walk.  His place is small and cozy he does have some servers that can occasionally need a kick but the food and some good wine will erase that thought pretty quickly. Buona Fortuna
I have to say I am very impressed with Smart & Final. Time after time they deliver. And best yet, they have SALES on already discounted wholesale items. I find the oddest, hard to find foods there too! So if you have been searching high and low for that speciality item, try looking here. They just might have it.I buy filet mignon from here too and I have to say that their meats have always been fresh, good quality meat - at prices lower than other wholesale markets that we shop.Even better yet, is the quick in & out time. I never have to deal with crowds or long lines. It is quick, comfortable and affordable shopping.
I got there about 4:30 on a week day which happens to be about an half an hour before they open.  decided to just stick around and wait for them to open.  The owner drives up and tells me it's too cold to be waiting outside and that I should come on in even though they aren't open yet.  Good start.  You walk in and it feels like a real sushi bar.  No leather lined walls.  No fire and ice fireplace.  No hostess in a geisha outfit.  Just lots of wood and cheap chairs.  You know, like a sushi bar should be.  The place looks and smells clean.  Ok, so far we are doing well.So i grab some hot sake on a cold rainy day and starting to instantly feel at home.  I tell the sushi chef to just bring whatever he recommends.  some low points and some high points.  Then he brings me the white tuna.  Oh my god!!!!  This is the best thing ever.  Soft, buttery, tons of flavor.  At this point I couldn't be happier.  Everything I ordered at this point was tasty and fresh.  The only downside was the rice....Not bad but not great.  The octopus however, was really good.  If it is not cut right it can be very rubbery.  This however, was not.  I will definitely be back.  The service was absolutely fantastic.
Day drinking at Ticoz is about the most fun one could have on a Sunday afternoon. Robert M, Ayesha S and I made Ticoz our second drinking stop yesterday (following Postino) because we were picking Dottsy up from the airport and needed to find something to occupy our time. As goes for most any situation, libations came to the rescue!I'd had an assortment of margaritas Friday night and decided my new favorite is the blackberry, which I had three yesterday. We also ordered the chicken quesadilla and chicken nachos. Both were good, albeit somewhat overcooked for my liking.Previously, I've had the sangria and while not nearly as good as Dottsy's it suits the purpose.
Vacation time spent by a trip to see the family is generally rife with compromises. After failing to produce an agreement on anything we all really wanted, we ended up at the somewhat unfortunately named BJ's Brewhouse.I half expected to see gaggles of teenage boys and tweenage girls (of roughly the same maturity level) stifling giggles about what "BJ" might stand for, but did not. The other half expected the food to be disappointing and for me to be already longing for some good Szechuan before I'd been in Arizona 2 hours, and pleasantly did not experience that either. Standard chain decor, standard chain service, standard ratio of operational to non-operational men's room stalls (non-zero.)We opted for the stealth $20 email special of a shared medium pizza (any specialty or number of toppings), a shared "pizookie" dessert and individual soup or salad which I would strongly recommend since normally a specialty pizza itself is $20.The starter? Minestrone with a bit of cheese. Italian. Adequate. Unremarkable.The pizza? A paradoxically Chicago-style Southwestern, like a chain boutique version of Pizza Hut. Solid crust, great by Seattle standards (low.)The dessert? A very thin (Peanut Butter, among the 5+ varieties) cookie in a pancake-sized tin topped with vanilla ice cream. I was more preoccupied with whether Madame K's Pizza Brothel, er, Bistro in Seattle copied the Screaming Orgasm from them or vice-versa (and thinking they would have been better off to copy BJ's pizza) than the experience of the sweet cookie.The verdict? For optimizing any particular aspect, one could do better elsewhere, but the pizza is quite good among mostly forgettable accompaniments. Chains are generally compromise candidates, and in that vein, BJ's Brewhouse performs the job.
Ive been meaning to come here and finally made it out Friday night with Daniel!  I consider him the sushi expert, and was finally ready to see what all the hype was about.We came in Friday night and the place was dead.  I mean not a soul but one guy sitting in the corner.  Where was everyone?  We sat down and the server came right over and gave us our menus and took our drink orders.  They seem to have a decent drink menu here and we both ordered chocotinis.  The drinks came out and they were tasty!  YUM!!  Anyways, we ended up ordering some food, and whatever we did end up eating was delicous!  (Daniel the expert did the ordering knowing that I am new to this.  We did a few different things and they were delicious.)Place is cute and well decorated.  Being a novice to this, I was happy with the taste and display of the food that we ate.  I really had a good time here.  As the night went on, we did end up seeing more people come into the resturant,  but that wasn't for a while.Service was great, and overall I had a good experience.  Will return in the future.
Stopped into this noisy, screwy rail car (style?) diner this morning, for my first ever 5 & Diner experience.  The car sides are all decked out with '50s photos & other memorabilia, & you request matching jukebox music to play along, from the tableside extension (remote) at your booth.So "5" here was busy, even though it should have been the slow, late morning hour.  I ordered a "Frank's Jack Burger" ($8.99) & a salad ($.99).  My table service from "Pebbles" was excellent, & my BIG, delicious salad arrived pretty soon.  Then at the appropriate time, here came my burger.  OMG, it was HUGE!!  This feast on a bun was easily the biggest hamburger I've ever eaten, loaded up with a half pound of great-tasting hamburger, plus jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, bacon, cole slaw, mayo, & barbecue sauce!Now this theme restaurant is what it is, loud & kitschy, unless you dine outside in the popular patio area, with its umbrella covered tables.  I'm an inside diner, & prefer a slightly more peaceful atmosphere, so Black Bear Diner, for example, beats this one by a little bit for me.  With that said, you'll find good service here & big delicious meals, so go ahead & jump in your '57 Nomad & whip over here, 'cause you might just find this place TOTALLY BITCHEN!!     :-))
Hidden in a random strip mall, there's a good chance plenty of people pass Dukes without realizing that they are missing out. Now, this is a dive bar so like all other dive bars, you have to take it for what it is. The floors could be shinier, the bathrooms could be cleaner, but then it wouldn't be an authentic dive bar would it?Duke's is a solid choice when looking for a place to play some bar games, watch sports and enjoy some drinks. It's spacious and great for large groups. You name the game, they've got it: several pool tables, darts, shuffle board, Foosball, etc. TVs line the walls with your favorite sport teams playing. With the reasonably priced drinks, this is a good place to pregame before a sporting event or set up shop and watch it on TV. I've hosted a party at Dukes and it's a perfect location because of the size, TVs, games and most importantly, because they don't charge to rent out the party room. So, you can have up to 100 people in a party room without any fees! And, for a girl on a budget trying to throw a low key party, this was a perfect choice. So I suggest Dukes if you are looking for a dive bar night on the town and you don't want to just sit around when you get there.
My ethnic experience isn't rooted in the middle eastern culture, but my fiancee's is, and she goes nuts in here buying some awesome, interesting, and delicious gear like tahini, chick peas, za'atar, feta, etc for making things like hummus, za'atar bread, and the like.  I picked up a half-rack of lamb chops and a side of couscous for prepping ($12) together.  Their butcher is awesome and far different from retail grocery chains in Phoenix.  They have a mountain of hooves, FYI.  Typically, the prices are inexpensive-to-reasonable, but sometimes the rarer items are a bit elevated in price.  That is totally understandable considering the unavailability of this type of product nearly anywhere else in the valley.  They make you put at least $10 on your debit, so be aware, though they have so much good stuff that this fee is easy to surpass.
Perfectly good for fast food.  Head and shoulders above the standards, and on par with the new breed of modern quick casual burger concepts.  The location is new and clean with plenty of parking, and the staff is efficient and friendly.  The menu is also fairly small and simple, which I prefer, and prices are very reasonable.The food itself is just okay.  The burger is alright.  For something that's "charred" it lacked a grilled flavoring.  The bun was also a little stale.  The fries are very plain.  There was barely any texture to them, and no seasoning, not even salt.  They literally were just fried potatoes.  Could have used at least a touch of salt.  At least they weren't greasy.  I'll give Habit Burger props for the pepper bar.  That is awesome and different.I also don't know if I dig the pager or not.  While it's nice to not hear someone saying "order #x is ready" every thirty seconds, I hate having something extra to hold while I wait for food.This location is fairly close to my office, and was worth a try while driving to work.  I definitely wouldn't recommend going out of your to give it a try, but if you're in the area, why not taste something new?
I can't believe I haven't written my review on 1130 yet! I had a very nice happy hour with my pal Heather C here. We met before going to watch a performance at the Herberger. The weather was really nice so I was glad that Heather chose a patio table. Our waiter was a kid. I mean, I know I'm getting older, but he was a clumsy kid who fumbled through the drink specials and needed some sharpness. With such a cool sleek spot, you would probably want a more professional waiter. Just my opinion. We decided on the lobster lettuce cups that were rather large and surprisingly full of lobster meat! I really liked the appetizer, I was wishing for more acid but it was still refreshing and tasty. We took our waiter's suggestion and ordered the calamari. What a surprise! I really liked the calamari! It came drizzled with a sweet chili sauce and had pepperocinis tossed into the mix.It was great! I loved how the sweetness of the calamari meat, and the chili sauce played well with the tanginess of the pepperocinis! I had some kind of peach martini that was WAY too sweet for my taste, but I guess for a girly drink it was ok. I hope that next time we'll have more time to linger and maybe even have dinner. I look forward to trying their other offerings.
the OLD spaghetti factory is by far my guiltiest pleasure. lets face it the food isn't that great, and on more then 5 occasions i have been here and it seemed like the entire bussing staff was on a smoke break.growing up in the willo district as a child my mother took me to the Spaghetti factory alot. i remember sitting in the trolly and the entire 86-88 suns team was in the building "helping" out. signing autographs and what not. sure was fun as a kid.now that i'm older i just have those memories to make me say this place isn't all bad. the mizthra cheese and butter on some noodles is still delish. the meat sauce is decent to great. the pesto ranch dressing is pretty good..to bad the lettuce is either still soaking wet, or dry and disgusting. as a phoenix institution for decades i wish this place was better. maybe someday someone will come in and turn it around..but as a "chain" restuarant i don't see that happening. either way..for nostalgia i'll still eat here on a quirky whim. but i will not go out of my way to eat here.
I have to rave about this place....Not only are the portions HUGE, but the food is absolutely delicious.The boyfriend and I split the Hawkeye omelette, which has chicken, avocado, bacon, and melty cheese all in  fluffy omelette pillow.Not only did this save us money, but we were still stuffed. I can't wait to go back!
We magically landed at this sushi place about two weeks ago, so happy we did!! We loved the location ( Corner of Shea Blvd and Scottsdale) and the amazing Blue lighted fish tanks!! Great entertainment while eating!! We came in close to closing time and they still treated us like royalty!! Much appreciated!! We then decided for the Eel Roll as well as their Cali roll, Teriyaki Bento Box and some Chicken Yakisoba noodles!! It was all delicious, especially the eel roll and chicken yakisoba!!! Yum :) We honestly had an amazing time and satisfying conquer from this place. The reason for the four stars is their early closing time!! Oh well :)
***Chase Field's main concession stand Double Headers features a value menu that includes hot dogs, corn dogs and popcorn for $1.50 each; the concessions here are similar to what you will find at any other stadium, but the lower prices are refreshing***Double Headers is the main concession stand at Chase Field.  They have multiple locations all throughout the stadium, which make them very easy to find.  They serve the traditional baseball stadium food like hot dogs, french fries and popcorn.  There are some items that are only available at some of the Double Headers stands though (like the nachos).  I am not sure, but I think some of the Double Headers also sell a foot-long corn dog.Double Headers does provide one big advantage over many arena/stadium concessions stands.  They have a value menu that features items like hot dogs, corn dogs and popcorn for $1.50 each.  We went with the popcorn and it was okay.  It was not super light or super fresh, but it was perfectly serviceable.  It was a decent size too.  That size of popcorn would probably run about $4 at a movie theater concessions stand.We also went with the nachos, which were corn tortilla chips topped with jalapenos and a side of melted nacho cheese.  The chips were the kind of hearty gold tortilla chips that you would get from a grocery store.  They were crunchy, but they were not the freshest chips.The jalapenos were good and the nacho cheese here was better than what you would find at most arenas/stadiums.  The nacho cheese had a little bit of spice and heat to it.  That is rare for stadium cheese dips.  Usually, stadium cheese dips are very bland.Service was fine.I like trying more city/team-specific concessions when visiting a new stadium and there is a good number of them at Chase Field (local chains like Macayo's and Streets of New York pizza).  Double Headers, on the other hand, is very run-of-the-mill concessions.  Still, the value menu here makes Double Headers a good option if you are a stadium regular or are looking to get some food without having to spend too much money.
Solid 3.5 StarsI've been here more times than I can count, but not as many times as I have gone to Seamus' brother bar, The Turf.   I have eaten and been a slight bit tipsy at both places.  What I am not fond of here is the bottle neck at the bar area....try getting in and out of here on even a semi busy night...and unless you are sitting at a table or find a spot to order at the bar you shall remain drinkless.  Thus I prefer this place after work during the week and I tend to avoid super busy nights like First Fridays or St Patricks.  [I lie I enjoyed the trolly they had set up to take patrons back and forth last year between Turf and Seamus for St Patties].The food is good but not great. The beer is cold and when you have a seat (at the bar or table) the service is usually good.
Went here last Monday for the Yelp Office hours :-). The salads looked amazing (they will even turn a sammich into a salad if you ask), especially the Caprese salad Lynn W got. Despite the look of  lots of wine they also had lots of empty rows :-/.  I was full from Zinc so the only things I ate were a small piece of fudge and a bite of a raspberry macaroon.. both were delicious. It was fun finally meeting some of the Az yelpers in person after following their reviews for a few years. Overall not a bad place to shop if you are in the area.
I had the "double charburger" with cheese, mayo and lettuce only, a side of sweet potato fries and a coffee ice cream shake. Total was $10 and some change.The burger was really good and juicy and reminded me a lot of Fatburger in both presentation and taste. The shake was also pretty good - says right on the side that they use real ice cream. It wasn't very strong in coffee flavour, though, and had no real coffee in it (that would be something to entice me to order it again). The fries were good but far from the best sweet potato fries I've had. There was hardly any seasoning. They should try battering or glazing them to make them stand out. They were much tastier than their regular fries, though - those were limp, tasteless and boring.  It was a decent meal and fun to try but I'm not sure if it was worth the $10+ dollars I spent.
01/20/11It doesn't take much to talk me into trying a new breakfast joint... I've a list of restaurants that were bookmarked YEARS ago, and I've yet to step into those places to order my first meals there, and yet, I read a couple of enthusiastic yelp reviews about Joe's Diner, and I'm there w/in a week or less, savoring for myself forkfuls of those delicious pancakes I read about, but there I go, getting ahead of myself...Delighted in finding ample parking (I think I arrived around 1030a or so), I walked into Joe's Diner pleasantly surprised to find a cozy 50s-, 60s-style diner.  Yes, yes, I read all about the atmosphere here, and I was still a little disconcerted, coming in from the open-air parking lot, but pleasantly so.  I liked some of the memorabilia, but I don't know what to make of the outdoor decor-- roofed and cemented empty garage w/ the parked truck?  Seems like wasted space to me- perhaps this is where the weekend overflow goes...  I initially was directed to the more-crowded room at the back of the diner, but it was much darker in there, and I wanted light (!), so I asked if I could have a booth in the more-spacious front.  "Sure," the hostess said, w/out blinking an eye, and I was already off to a great start.Couldn't decide what to have, so I decided to order the items that appealed most-- biscuits and gravy, pancakes w/ a side of fresh strawberry compote, and Thursday's lunch special of lasagna.  Ordered a cup of deliciously strong Arbuckles coffee, too.  The sausage and biscuits came out relatively fast-- good to note if you're really hungry and you want something quick! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=LkEf3z8DxtMVZbRY-2E9tA#LkEf3z8DxtMVZbRY-2E9tA  I didn't care much for the biscuits, though.  Found them to be too tender.  (I like my biscuits to buckle, not crumble, a bit when I dig in w/ my fork.)  I'd requested the regular sausage to be substituted w/ chorizo, and the gravy was nicely done.  Too bad about the biscuits...  I next tried the lasagna... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=CB1MtmdiQS9wvpePLAUcBw#CB1MtmdiQS9wvpePLAUcBw  Wow!  I really enjoyed the bites I had sampled.  The pasta was al dente- tender, yet had a nice bite to it; the filling was well-seasoned, yet not too salty-- meat was chunky, and the ricotta portion was generous; and the garlic bread that accompanied the entree was warm, perfectly crusty, and deliciously buttered.  I wouldn't mind returning back on a Thursday to have this dish again.  Last, but certainly not least, the pancakes!!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=cD_SaPRv1RkiWivD6qBQBw#cD_SaPRv1RkiWivD6qBQBw  Portion seemed small- there wasn't much of a rise, so I mistakenly thought the platter was of a short stack, but the server asked me to lift all cakes to see for myself.  Yep!  I counted three.  These cakes tasted amazing, and all they needed were a tiny bit of butter and simple toppings of macerated strawberries (I had to ask for a second serving of fruit).  Now, I wouldn't mind returning any day of the week to have a stack of these carb-delights!Cool retro decor; warm and friendly service, a bit relaxed in pace; and two out of three knock-out entrees on the first try put Joe's Diner on my list to visit again soon!  I'd take out-of-town guests here in a heartbeat!
I am so glad I found this place close to work. When you are sick of everything and can't figure out what you want, Greek Gyros is there to solve all your problems (okay, maybe just those of the hunger kind). The gyros are great and PACKED with meat for a reasonable price. I can't get enough of the tzaziki. Co-workers have really enjoyed their salads as well (the "pick-a-meat" with grilled chicken). I must include a dehydration alert, though. Every time we get gyros in the office we all find that we're guzzling water for the rest of the day... that darned meat must be solid sodium!
Mamma Mia's is fabulous.  I used to order from the other location on a regular basis and was thrilled to discover that they had a shop near work.  The lunch specials are aweome.  It's hard to beat an even $4 for two extremely large slices of pizza and a soda.  If you pass on the drink, it's still $4, but that's amazingly reasonable.  There's a water cooler in the corner for those who appreciate such things.This is large, floppy pizza and would win no contests, but it does the trick and is worthy of regular trips.  The crust is great, and the sauce has a nice balance of flavors.  For cheap pizza on the run, you can't ask for much more.  Mamma Mia's easily gets two thumbs up.
Carolina's is one of my Top Ten reasons I don't leave AZ. I've always dreamed of living near the beach and maybe someday I will. Until then, I keep a list of things I would miss if I left AZ. Carolina's Mexican Food is always in my Top Ten. Yes, the place is a dive and the line can be long, but the amazing authentic Mexican food and incredibly cheap prices more than makes up for it. The hard machaca beef tacos are my favorite. Anything with their machaca beef is outstanding: slow-cooked, seasoned, and shredded to melt-in-your-mouth perfection. It's available with green chile peppers, red chile peppers, or plain. It's served in a taco, a burrito, or anyway you'd like. Sour cream and guacamole are great extras. Another important tip: Carolina's freshly made tortillas are legendary. Be sure to take a dozen home. They're homemade and served warm in a plastic bag. If you're like me, you'll only have 9 or 10 left by then time you drive home.
The Butterfields waffle Sunday made my jaw drop when I saw it. Pretty sure it was love at first sight.So,  I've tried a few different items here, and have not been disappointed by anything. The OJ is good too. This is one the my preferred breakfast joints in Scottsdale, it's cozy, I usually get seated right away, and the service is friendly.  Tip- I like the cheese blintzes
Oh dear god, I'm in love...Peppered Filet and Martini Scallop dreams fill my mind. Blue Cheese stuffed olives in my martini?? what?? shut the fuck UP!! Sooooo amazing. Quality all the way. I had a glass of Byron Pinot Noir (fabulous) then a white chocolate martini for desert. (I prefer to drink my desert). Great romantic spot to bring a date. Secures that you will be getting action later, trust me. If you see me at Cheuvront stop by and say hello. I'll be the one in the corner making sweet love to the macaroni and cheese..... no joke.
Who doesn't enjoy a lazy Sunday morning? I love spending time leisurely reading the Sunday news while getting caught up on a weeks worth of cooking shows. After a few hours hunger finally sets in and its time to find something cheap and easy. While that might sound more like a lifestyle choice than a way of eating, cheap and easy to me means dim sum, and lots of it. With a fistful of cash and my growing appetite I head over to my default dim sum house, Golden Buddha. Located in the Chinese Cultural Center, Golden Buddha has been pushing carts every weekend for the past few years. Over those years they've become a destination for steamy delights and have built quite a following with groups usually packing the lobby. Here's some advice, for a lesser selection with no waiting, go early. If you want more selection and don't mind the wait, go after noon. Ranging in price from $2.35-$6.50, Golden Buddha pretty much offers mainstream selections from dumplings and chicken feet to rice and noodles. Most of the cart pushers don't speak much English but know this; most items are either made with pork or shrimp. Within minutes of being sat the first smiling server rolls up her cart and begins pimping her wares. As she lifts the steel lid from the first steam basket, the mist dissipates to reveal 3 white fluffy hidden treasures beneath. Know as char siu bao, or steamed BBQ pork buns, these are pretty standard for any dim sum brunch. Pulling apart one of the doughy pillows reveals its sweet porky center, add some chile oil for added depth. Probably the most typical offering is the pork dumplings or sui mai, a wonton wrapper filled with ground pork and black mushrooms. These meaty bites have an enjoyable earthiness that left me wanting to ask for another basket.The next cart to come along is absolutely filled with fried items. I love the crispy crunch of egg rolls and while the GB version was crisp, the inside was filled with oil that tasted like last nights fish. After only a single bite the rest remained untouched. Seemingly fried in the same oil, the salt and pepper shrimp were not only super fishy but the shells were also left on. Shell on shrimp isn't usually a problem when the shrimp in question is cooked really well. Not the case with these, they were ruined before they even hit the table, greasy and salty.On a lighter note, wrapped in translucent rice paper, the spring rolls were large, filled with chewy rice noodles and 3 plump shrimp, unfortunately these were also flavorless. A new one for me was the Zhaliang, a long tubular Chinese doughnut that is tightly cocooned in a sheet of rice noodle. The end result is more about texture than bold flavor; I can see how so many people seek these out for breakfast being chewy and crispy at the same time. Dim sum brunch isn't complete without at least one Chinese dessert. Pointing at a plate of pineapple buns or bo lo yau from the dessert cart, these pastries actually contain no pineapple. Instead the name refers to its crunchy checkered top crust. Inside the bun you'll get a sweet surprise of satisfyingly sweet custard filling.While I left satisfied, overall Golden Buddha doesn't quite have the chops they used to, but in a pinch or on a lazy Sunday morning, they'll do just fine.
I drive by this place all the time. But I never really paid any attention to it. I mean, candy - really? Is this a place I need to know about?But at the recent OYE at Bliss Rebar, Chris B was talking about how amazing a place it was. This weekend we decided to surprise our kids so we gave them each a budget and turned them loose. Wow!The first thing you notice is that the place is jammed. And everyone there thinks they're little kids. It's not hard. Aside from the candy that's popular today, there are the perennial choices and (drum roll please) all the candy you remember from when you were a kid - whenever that was. So there were giggling five year olds and giddy 75 year olds. And everyone was buying.The owners (whose names I'm sad to say I didn't get) are from my old stomping ground, Cleveland. They have a 20,000 sf facility at Brookpark and Ridge, the largest of its kind in the country. They are very nice and happy to help with whatever you need. Sadly, they don't carry melting chocolate, which would have saved me a pre-Christmas trip to Phoenix every year. But who knows, maybe they'll change their minds. Also, in case they're paying attention, they should seriously consider carrying Malley's Easter candy. It's a Cleveland institution.Bottom line, this place is a must! It's fun and will take you back to whatever your childhood era was. The prices are fair and the people are great.Now if you'll excuse me, I hear a tootsie roll calling my name.
Baja Fresh was a new discovery when I arrived here.  With an office downtown, you like to walk around and find new grub joints. This one became a favorite - a short walk from the office and tasty too. My fave item is the Baja Buritto with steak, no onions and add sour cream. Your order is made fresh, so you'll have to wait a bit for it, but it's worth it. They have a dining area which can get crowded during weekday lunch rush. They also have a salsa bar, so take some and enjoy! Hint: Frequent visitors can save money on beverages by buying the large, reusable plastic cup with straw and lid...every visit after that it's only 99 cents!  This holds a LOT of drink!
It's all about the sizzle, not the steak, at PVBC.The burger itself is small and not very flavorful, if you get just a burger and apply pedestrian toppings. There was a bun - not much to say about it.They're doing a neat thing with the fancy toppings, but when you consider overall value of what you get for your money, combine that with the hype, consider what you can get elsewhere, it's just not worth what you pay.For the more mathey, that equation looks like this: $V = ( q+h )  { c   *or: dollar value of quality plus hype is less than competition* no 'less than' symbol for yelp text fields, how lame
I, like others, really want to like Mary Coyle's more than I actually do. It's cute. Homedone interior, mostly shades of pink. Horrible floral border along the edge to the ceiling. Unframed prints - trios of sundaes and fading Norman Rockwells... unsteady booths. Astrobright pink menu of overpriced options.I love that they have peppermint ice cream in June.  We went for the ice cream cookie sandwich; the menu said allow extra 10 minutes for that, presumably so they could make the cookies. Unfortunately, we got it back within minutes to a hard, old, unappetizing premade cookie instead. That was a bummer.
i'm a fan. the Hurricanes did a good job of putting a smile on my face, and during happy hour, 4 hurricanes and the shrimp spring roll was only 25$so happy hour yes. dinner probably not. i have loved this building since i was a child. so i'm happy it's still around and not returned to the ground, in rubble.
Went in here for the first time recently, intending to use the appetizer/wine tasting Groupon.  Upon walking in, the hostess seemed inconvenienced and asked "Can I help you?"  Well,um, we'd like a table (duh).  Though there were some open, she said they were all "reserved," so we asked if we could sit at one of the many that were open outside.  She went and checked to see if they were available, then came back and said they weren't going to open the outside.   Hmmm... well that's a bad business decision.  People arriving and waiting for tables, all the tables inside are "reserved," there's plenty of tables available outside on a beautiful evening, yet they won't open that area.  We walked out and didn't think twice about it.
I was visiting Scottsdale and was looking for great Mexican food.  I live in Boston, where we have great food, and even a couple of very good Mexican restaurants, but I figured that in the Southwest, Mexcellence would abound.  Boy, was I wrong!  I read all the reviews on Yelp of dozens of restaurants, and finally decided to try Los Sombreros for a late dinner on Friday night, Feb 6 2009.  I was in AZ by myself, so I figured I'd eat at the bar and get a great eye on how the place worked.  Many Yelpers mentioned a lively bar scene, Steve the bartender, his attentiveness & his margaritas, so I headed there hoping he'd be working. Well, no Steve.  And my first disappointment was that not one Yelper mentioned that the bar is OUTSIDE!!  I know it's Arizona, but a cold front had come through & it was only 48 degrees.  I'm a Bostonian.  I'm not afraid of the cold, but if even one Yelper had mentioned that the bar was outdoors, I'd have chosen another restaurant.  The bar also has only 6 seats (well, 7 if you count the one where the pole in your face is closer to you than the worst seat at Fenway or in the old Boston Garden - that seat lacks bar top space sufficient to even hold a drink).As a salsamaniac, I was looking forward to the salsa because so many Yelpers had raved about it.  People!!  When the salsa is a tomatillo salsa, you should at least mention that fact!  42 reviews and not one person thought to mention that the salsa is green?!?  I love tomatillos, but I was looking forward to a tomato-based salsa and didn't get one.  And as tomatillo salsas go, this was average, at very best. I loved the fact that later in the evening, Los Sombreros re-activates its happy hour menu & offers a variety of plates for $5. That was cool, and I tried the guac & chips.  Again, disappointment.    The avocado had some brown spots and the chunks were so big that they snapped every single chip I tried to use to "dip" into the guac.  The only way to eat it was to use the fork to pick up the avocado chunks and put them on the chips.  I can't even say that the avocado was diced.  It was chunked, at best, so the "guacamole" consisted of chunks of avocado & a little seasoning. And speaking of the chips . . . at even an average Mexican restaurant, I expect them to be warm & well-salted.  These were cold, slightly stale, huge and virtually salt-free. I ordered a margarita.  At a Mexican restaurant, especially when I'm seated at the bar, I don't expect to see my margarita poured out of a pre-mixed bottle.  And I don't expect it to taste worse than the pre-mixed Cuervo margaritas we had at the last Jimmy Buffett tailgate.  If crowds necessitate making your house margarita in batches ahead of time, that's understandable.  But don't pour from the big tub for the people actually seated at the bar.  That's just dumb bar management. My entree was a delicious sounding shrimp, tortilla & cheese concoction (I apologize for neglecting to write down its actual name).  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good, either.  It arrived looking like a Mexican shrimp & cheese casserole, with pieces of tortilla so large that two cuts of each tortilla piece were necessary in order to create an appropriately-sized bite.  The shrimp were delicious, but come on - how tough is it to cook shrimp?  The tortillas, tomatoes and cheese were messy & melty, but there was nothing special about the dish.  The strongest flavor came from the shrimp, and that should tell you a lot. Overall, I felt cheated.  I wasted one of my few evenings in Scottsdale on Mexican food and a restaurant experience easily beatable on Route 1 in Medford, MA at anyplace with a sombrero you choose to try.  Seriously - steer well clear of Los Sombreros.  You can save a bundle by going to the grocery store & picking up some Old El Paso.  It won't be worse.
I only got to this place once while I was in Arizona and really intended to go back--maybe next trip!.  They had really wonderful spaghetti with white clam sauce, an item I often try but rarely find as good as my home place in California--San Fillipo's in La Mesa.  My daughter got the calzones, which she had had here before and knew they were good.  I had a taste and while that is an item I never order, they were delicious!  The atmosphere here was very nice also and I was really glad we had chosen it.  It's one I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to others.
I am staying at a hotel on Indian School, and this place caught my eye. I know AZ has a fixation with Fry Bread, and felt like giving it a shot. A lady had a table set up, she was hawking jewelry and knick-nacks. Once inside, the atmosphere was like a traditional burrito place, but with a Native American flair to it. I ordered a Carne Asada taco and a "Chief" size soda. I helped myself to some complimentary water, and sat at the fast food-style benched table. The meat was great, and tasty, but the whole idea is the Fry Bread that it is served on. Pretty good, flaky, and huge portions. I would recommend for a lunch if you are in the area and feeling a bit adventurous.
Usually when I visit my family in Phoenix it takes what seems like a lifetime to find a place to eat that is not the tried, true, and tired.  Eating at this modest restaurant was the culinary highlight of my trip to Phoenix.  I implore all Phoenicians to frequent this establishment and your taste buds will thank you.For starters, the chips were wonderfully light and not too oily.  The chips come with two different types of salsa.  A red salsa with a little bit of a bite and a green avocado salsa that is mild with just the right hint of avocado. I ordered the shrimp in garlic sauce and the dish was sublime.  The shrimp were sauteed with red bell peppers and onions.  The vegetables were cooked perfectly - not too soft and not too crunchy.  The garlic sauce was wonderfully sweet and garlicky.  I couldn't get enough of it.My dining companions both ordered the Camarones Culichi.  This dish is freaking amazing!  It consists of shrimp cooked in a green tomatillo sauce and loaded with melted Manchego cheese.  The sauce is divine and words cannot describe it properly.  The perfect accompaniments to these dishes were Mexican Coca-Colas (Yay!), creamy beans topped with cheese, and white rice with vegetables.  The tortillas were right on and looked to be homemade.Leave behind the comfort of the fancy pants restaurants that the trendinistas like to go to and try something real.  You will not be sorry.
I'm a big Liberty Market fan and way overdue on this review. I'm also a big Joe Johnston fan. Think he's a great guy & love that he's about great AZ food, drink, coffee & gelato/ice cream - and not just his own stuff.I've been to Liberty Market a host of times and enjoyed it each one. This past one, I went by for EVTM (East Valley Thursday Morning) and hung out with 40-50 friends & strangers.I ate breakfast at LM for the first time and it was stellar. I got the demi-breakfast (scrambled eggs, meatball & pancake) and a bowl-a-ccino. The giant bowl of cappuccino was excellent, as is all the coffee I've had there. It was quite pretty as well with a very nice pour. I thought the food was remarkable too - especially the scrambled eggs which were perfectly done (little bit soft) and the meatball (was hint of wonderful cheese in it - Parmigiano-Reggiano or something similar?). Super yum. While I thought the pancake was great as well, the other 2 were the standouts for me.I also love the decor & ambiance of LM. I love how casual it is and how easy it is to feel comfortable with your family & friends. I think the ordering mechanics lend to that - you order at the counter & take your number to a table of your choice.The building just reeks of character, with exposed brick and is beautifully decorated in kind of a retro vibe. The bathrooms are also very cool.In past visits we've also had the meatballs, the rancher sandwich and some of the pizzas, which were all excellent.If LM wasn't so far from our house, I know with certainty that it would be one of our regular haunts.
Pleasant staff, typical yumminess!  Cookie don't you want some with sinless sweet creamI was not as offended by the staff as others, but we also went close to 8pm on a week night.I was more offended by the stupid people in the store!I always get the same thing! Cookie don't you want some. And i substitute the sinless for the regular. With all that goodness inside, you can't tell the difference! I also go with the love it size - they fill it up really nicely!
I've been to Pure Sushi's Old Town location once for drinks and once for dinner... and I intend to return again as I had really good experiences both times.  The sushi is a tad expensive, but you get what you pay for - the quality is high!  Fresh and flavorful, I enjoyed pretty much everything I tried when i was there.  The highlights for me included:*cucumber sunomono*seaweed salad*edamame*box sushi - my favorite - a must order!*salmon sashimi - incredible!*yellowtail sashimiNice wine selection - we sampled several whites... and our service was attentive as well.  As for ambiance - the 'cell phone booth' by the bathroom is a nice touch, and I'd agree with the reviews that came before this one - it is hip, cool, clean, and located in Old Town... don't knock 'em for that.  Cool location next to AZ 88, the Mondrian, and Scottsdale Center for the Arts.The lunch specials look like they are priced well and the dinner main courses sound pretty amazing too.  Pure and simple - I can't wait to return soon!
A group of us from my company went here during a regional meeting in Phoenix.  What a great pick.  Small place, but has been on DDD.  Most of us got pizza, but a couple also went for the pasta dishes.  I split the Italian Stallion pizza and the Chicken Pesto Lasagna with a co-worker.  Both were really, really good.  We also tried the stuffed shrimp and calamari for appetizers.  Shrimp were tasty, calamari was standard fare.  They were out of fried ravioli, but substituted some garlic bread for no charge.Staff was incredibly friendly. I think we had the owner's daughter for our waitress.  Food was made fast and delivered piping hot.  We did have to wait about 20 minutes for our table, which for such a small space and a group of 8 was amazing. Prices are very reasonable too.I will definitely return here on future trips to Phoenix!
What's the big deal?  I feel like this place is over priced.  Their ideas are ok, but nothing spectacular.  Portions aren't very big.  I might come back and see if anything's improved once a year or so...  Or maybe come for happy hour where I can see what's going on at a lower rate..
I'm not going to lie: I've been looking forward to this place for months. I checked it out over the opening weekend, and less than 24 hours in, they've got a good thing going. They don't have all of the pieces of the menu in tact just yet, but there's enough there to get a great idea of what it's going to be like. The wood-fired oven gives everything a bit of rustic flair, and the cocktails that had debuted on the menu were poured with a heavy hand, so bravo. I tried the half-chicken, which was roasted to perfection: crispy, salted skin and plump, juicy insides. The atmosphere is chic, beautiful and airy. The bar that opens into a small courtyard is one of Phoenix's most beautiful, and the patio space will soon have more beautiful people than the Vig. I'm curious to see what the upstairs portion will be used for --whether private events or additional seating, it looked like another fantastic use of space. For as long as they took to remodel this place, it looks perfect. They do need to do something about the front door, though. It's a wide plank of glass so clean that someone planted his face right into it so hard he was stunned... I'm still not sure the poor guy knew what happened.
After 3 visits, it's time for a review. But first, I just have to address some of the other, more negative reviews - 1. "The chalkboard is confusing" - No it's not. Find a beer you like the sound of, or the style, tell the server the number. Easy2. "The colours of the chalk hurt my eyes" - really? get some glasses.3. "It closes too early" - come earlier4. "It's too busy" - come later5. "I don't like craft beer" - don't come at all6. "I have to share my table, eeew" - unless you are paying their bill, what's yer problem? make some new friends.7. "It's too loud" - It's a bar, it's supposed to be loud8. "the parking lot is too small" - be thankful that there is a (free) parking lot. There is always street parking or you could ride a bike.9. "there's not enough bike parking" - chain it to a lamppost.10. "The beers keep running out" - it is a rotating selection, they are not running out, they are changing.11 & 12 "The beers are too expensive" - "Where is the Coors/Bud/Miller?" - I give up.The fact that this bar is so unique is probably why so many people are confused and write dumbass reviews. It takes them out of their comfort zone. It is for this very reason that I am giving it 5 stars. Most places are exactly the same as everywhere else and kudos to Angel's Trumpet for daring to be different.I love the beer selection, I love that I haven't heard of most of them. I also love the food. The onion and blue cheese quesadilla was amazing. The bison BLT in a blanket was a knockout and the avocado salad made my vegetarian girlfriend very happy. The service has been good all 3 visits.What really blew my mind during the last visit was the quality of the music. When a bar plays The Jam, Madness, The Specials, The Clash, Talking Heads, Depeche Mode, The Police, The Beat, I know there is someone in charge (even if only in charge of the music) with good taste.One suggestion - the chalkboard on the patio should be raised. It's too low when people sit at the table right next to it and difficult to read. Other than that one, very minor inconvenience, this place is unique and it rocks. I will be back for sure.
After reading a few reviews from other yelp members I have to agree with them. I'm not going to go into detail, I'm just going to give a quick summary. We were at the place at 7pm on a Friday. If you want  table, they will be hard to find.1) Wine - I had a Cabernet - It was good but not spectacular. I'm sure that it was an honest pour, but for some reason, it seemed less that other places. 2) Bruschetta - Fair. Outside was nice and crunchy while the center was soggy. (Other reviews had similar comments.)3) Service - Was not spectacular. The waitresses seemed pre-occupied with other things. It seems that we were not the priority of her evening.4) Music - Way too loud. We were not able to talk without yelling across the tables. Very annoying. Although the DJ was pretty good with a great selection of music.I was really hoping to give this place better reviews. If you like this place, you will love Postino's.
My friends raved about this place and finally took me recently and I could not have been more disappointed.  The service was horrendous and slow.  I could have walked to either China or Mexico before I got my food.  The Diablo Chicken was dry and uninspired and the rice and beans were medicore at best.  Not sure what all the fan fare is about this place but I'll never go back.
This is my new favorite place to go to at the new City Scape in downtown Phoenix. The food, drinks, music, and atmosphere are all great. Copper Blues is the perfect decision for pre-show drinks and dinner. The restaurant is attached to the Stand Up Live comedy club and this past weekend my girlfriend and I met up with another couple at the restaurant before seeing Stephen Rannazzisi. For an appetizer we all really enjoyed the French Onion Dip with some BBQ potato chips, despite my girlfriend's hesitation to order this dish since it was "something you can easily pick up at the grocery store." For the main course three of us got the Copper Blues Burger, which has cheddar cheese, hickory bacon, roasted onions and tomato jam. Usually I'd do without the tomato jam, but I figured the hell with it and kept it on. I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. I have to say, I wasn't expecting it, but I was blown away by this burger and I'm definitely adding it to my list of best burgers in Phoenix. My friend's wife had the Caprese sandwich. Pretty standard, but it looked very good. All sandwiches came with a side of their house made BBQ chips, which we all ended up using to dip in the left over French Onion Dip. For the beer aficionados there are over 60 beers on tap. Check out their extensive list here:  http://copperblueslive.com/page.cfm?id=1028Me? I'll take a Coors Light.
Another tough one that will require revisiting and re-scoring in a few to several months, if things change. Had a few visits so far, with generally good but mixed results.THE CONCEPT - 4 StarsI'm no Weil disciple who drops to their knees and goes all agape for his every utterance. But I think he is the perfect partner for a Fox concept, as long as the fresh, fresh, fresh motto is adhered to over the long term. I like some of the Fox places (okay one, Greene House) and it's the same chef that opened True Food.My Dad was recently diagnosed with Seliac Disease and seeing more and more restaurants acknowledge that dietary restriction on gluten is important to a growing segment of people is refreshing. The menu makes it easy to distinguish between various dietary regimens and other considerations, in both food and drink. I eat anything, but it sure makes it easier to eat with those who are justifiably (and sometimes unjustifiably) conscious of what they put in their bodies.Everything from the mixed drinks to the food items seems to be VERY fresh, or at least sourced very well.THE SPACE - 4 StarsSimple, modern, open California kitchen appeal. I like how they raised the ceiling of the old Coffee Plantation shithole. The mural wall and the over-sized lamps are fun. Open kitchens are always a little more fun and give you something to talk about if your date is lacking in conversational acumen.THE EXECUTION (for now) - 3 StarsServiceThey're trying. Things still seem jittery with some of the servers. Have seen a lot of food go to the wrong tables and places. I'm sure they'll work through that. Everyone is friendly, but not necessarily knowledgable about the food. Sure they've memorized the spiel, but these aren't foodie servers. They're young, friendly folks working at a hip spot.FoodHave tried several things that were tasty and fresh, if not particularly interesting. They just kind of show you that you can eat stuff that is relatively healthy and not have it taste like nothing. A few things so far have shined: the spelt pizzas have a unique, chewy crust and nice toppings. The Kale Salad is unique and delicious. Nice textures. The Shrimp Dumplings are nice, but make you yearn to eat real chinese, or make your own like you like 'em. Steak Tacos are of the Fresh Mex variety but have a great char.On the downside...I had the Turkey Bolognese Penne. To me, there is never an excuse for overcooked pasta. If you cook it, and it's overdone, throw it away and cook it again. Check your pasta, it's the heart of the dish. I neglected to order "al dente" because so many places give you that look like "But of course, signore!" And you shouldn't have to ask for pasta to be done that way. That's the only way it should be done, unless you're eating Spaghettios. As for the sauce, it tasted like diced San Marzano's which is great! But if you use the canned San Marzano's omit the little pieces with the unchewable stem base. Cut that part out or pitch the piece. I added shrimp to the dish at the server's suggestions, despite my past history of NOT combining shrimp and turkey. Call me crazy, but that's just not a combo I yearn for. Would have been fine though, except that the shrimp were completely undercooked. I eat shrimp raw, when I intend to, but that clear uncooked shrimp is not the texture you want in a cooked dish. At sashimi/sushi, yes. Pasta, no. Seems to happen a lot though. And no discernible seasoning or flavor to them either.My wife's salmon was largely flavorless, and very rare. Fine for us as we love raw salmon. But at a certain point, she just would have preferred sashimi and the accompanying soy sauce. I'm sure the amount or rareness would have been a problem for many diners. Especially when combined with almost no salt. On that note, the fresh fish crudo of the day was a nice hamachi with an excellent yuzu/miso (? - that's what it tasted like) sauce. BOTTOM LINE - 3 Stars for nowI could see this going either way in the future, but if they stay fresh and improve on the execution, it's a no-brainer that they will end up a 4 star. I don't think they'll ever hit 5 stars, just because their commitment to the healthy stuff and a very broad appeal will keep them from really being able to push it from a culinary standpoint.
Despite the name my girlfriend would not let me wear my Fez to dinner. Even without the fun hat it was a great meal.Walk in and you are greeted with a modern contemporary interior and a patio that has some of the best views of the light rail on central. The patio does have heaters for the 4 months of winter. The menu consists of salads, burgers, and some entree`s. We started with the full Marrakech salad 9.99. What was nice was the fact I split this with my girlfriend and they served it on two separate plates. This is great as it saves us from dropping a third on the table while we try to split; it also restricts my selfish nature and ensures my girlfriend gets some food. The salad itself was nice fresh spinach, orange supremes and a light dressing. Our mains consisted of the Veggie burger 9.99 with sweet potato fires and mixed greens and the apricot Salmon. 17.95. The burger was great, soft moist and full of flavor, the fries were crisp but it bit too desert like with the cinnamon. Our salmon was cooked perfectly, and the cous cous was light and fluffy. The apricot glaze was sweet but not overpowering.For desert we had the tarimsu. Again marvelous light decadent and nicely dusted with coco powder that I got on my sleeve. Service was great just as the food was.
I've often thought that all I really need to sustain in life is bread and salami.  But thats just a pipe dream and if my doctor ever read this he would have a few other things to suggest.But really, its so simple and yet so good.  Which is Andreoli in a nut-shell.  An Italian deli at its finest.  The salami was quality.  The bread, a perfect baguette, was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Add arugula and some roasted peppers and I'll tell you what you got there . . . . you got big yum!Yes, its a bit pricey, but the sandwich did come a side salad of fresh romaine and other assorted lettuces tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette with fresh cracked pepper.  A surprise I very much enjoyed.  And frankly, I know where to get a cheap meal but I will happily pay for quality any and every day.I'm not sure I'll ever be on this side of town again, but if I am, I will keep this place in mind.
I've been working some straight to the point reviews lately so I'm going to keep up with my current trend. Heres the 1,2,3.The beer is on point! The Imperial IPA was the super star tonight. Just an amazing beer. All of the beer offerings were well made. Good stuff all the way around.The pizza is MONEY!!! Wood fired, thin crust, fresh ingredients. This is what all other pizza wants to grow up to be! Possibly....the best pizza in Phoenix.Yeah, I effin said it! Loved it. We had a salad too. Great but completely overshadowed by the pizza.Nice build out, comfortable atmosphere and friendly service. This is a great place. Check it out!
I give RA 4 stars mainly because I had a great time there.  I was with a fairly big group, most of whom hadn't seen each other in a few.  You could tell that most of the girls in the place were only there because they think eating sushi is "trendy".  You're stupid.  Anyway, the sushi was better than that of the RA in Chicago, so I was pleased.  My martini would have probably been a little too strong for most, but those that know me know that "too strong" is not in my vocabulary when it comes to alcohol, so I didn't mind.Overall, it was a pleasant experience and if I lived in the area, I would go back again, however, on my next trip out there, I would like to try another sushi establishment.
Delicious! The Hey Joe Special is comprised of perfectly tender and moist chicken (served on the bone, slightly awkward/messy but really really perfectly done), beautifully seasoned pork, and lumpia for $8, along with a pinch of salad and a healthy scoop of rice for the sides. The lumpia were (was? i don't know Filipino food) crispy and savory - I'm glad I splashed the sweet/spicy sauce Brian recommended on them. The pork had an intriguing citrus flavor which I loved. The Hey Joe truck will be at 18th Ave & Deer Valley on Mondays from 11-1 for the foreseeable future (your best way to find them is to follow them at twitter.com/heyjoetruck), and I will be there w/ an appetite.
How this place stays afloat is beyond me. It is just so tiny. But in that tiny little space, that man packs a PUNCH of greatness! He is so nice and seems so happy to be there! The cookies are so fresh, and he will tell you his faves. The prices are super reasonable.. you can get a half cookie sandwich! He is not a cheapee, he will let you pay for a small amount, and he even OFFERS it! So sweet to the kids, great Iced tea, my only wish is that this place was bigger. But then he would have to raise his prices and stop offering me half cookie sandwiches that totally hit the spot in all the right places! Super job, sir, I hope you stay around forever!
I grew up on these pasteries. Every Mothers day, Easter, Christmas, you name it, dad would get up at 4:30 to wait in line with every hispanic family in Phoenix to get a big pink box full of pasteries. I still get them some 20 years later every chance I get, they just do an incredible job. The Pina Empanadas with the extra flaky crust are quite possibly the best baked good I have ever eaten in my life. Yes, better than Tammie Coe, better than Sprinkles, etc. If you come in on the weekend past say 7:30 you're going to have slim pickins as all the good stuff gets gobbled up early.
Why did I love this place so much?+ Free softserve icecream+ Loads of organic produce and bread+ No high fructose corn syrup (unless you get a soda)+ Excellent spicey tortilla soup+ Quick, healthy and delicious+ My bf got the potatoe and I couldn't believe the monster! It was 4 lbs!It sounds like this place has improved since earlier reviews. I would go back anytime for lunch, it was great. And kids eat free on Sunday's (so avoid it like the plauge and go another day ;)
I used to come for the booze (I actually still do!) but I wound up bringing my family in for dinner while they were visiting from out of town. Being the zealous consumer of lamb that he is, my father ordered the Greek-style lamb chops. Needless to say that every time he's in town, he HAS to go to Feeney's and have the lamb. He has since tried the pork chops (also Greek-style) and is just as much of a fan of those. I've brought in other family since who are also nuts about the lamb. So bottom line, if you're into lamb, come here and take it Greek-style!Not a lamb eater myself, I usually get the filet mignon. There is just something about the way the filet is prepared, old-school style and not a lot of bells and whistles. Bells and whistles are not needed because it's just so damned good: tender and flavorful. What else is delicious? The calamari is AWESOME-probably one of my favorite in any restaurant anywhere.The service here is above and beyond. Maria and George and the rest of the servers treat all of their customers like family which is why they have so much repeat business. In addition, you will never have an empty glass in front of you, whether is beer, wine cocktails, soda, coffee, even your glass of water is always refilled.Sure there are other places in The Valley that are fancier where the food comes to your table almost too pretty to eat, but that comes with a price tag and often a nice appearance is used to mask inferior quality. Not the case here, you always enjoy a good, down-home, no-nonsense meal with great service and all at a VERY reasonable cost.
I really wanted to like this place and I think if I had ordered anything else off of their menu I would have.  Unfortunately I ordered their veggie and it just didn't really work out.  The bread was great and all their veggies were nice and fresh, but the sandwich just needed a little something extra (a second cheese, some seasoning, SOMETHING) just to give it some flavor.  I tried adding salt and pepper but it just wasn't enough.I'm giving them three stars since the guys working there were really friendly and the bread was good.  If I ever get a chance to come back to Phoenix I'll give one of their meat sandwiches a try.
This review is for Andrew's BBQ BUFFET!   :-))Drop in to this friendly, good-sized cafe at 11 AM or so on a Tuesday, & you can treat yourself to their all-you-can-eat BBQ Buffet!  Today I started with a glass of lemonade, a big pulled pork sandwich, some tasty skin-on mashed potatoes, & creamed corn.  Second round included baked beans, BBQ beef, BBQ chicken breast slices, & I finished the whole feast off with a big, fresh chocolate chip cookie!$9.23 includes drink & dessert.  Yum!====================================4/27/10 Update:  The buffet is now on the LAST Tuesday of the month only.  No problem, & I was there again today, lovin' it, but note:This place is serious BBQ, & it's almost exclusively a GUY THING.Of course everyone is welcome, but as Mr. Chef sliced the pork off a whole 60 lb. (former) pig, right there in front of God & everybody, the place was FULL of customers, with but ONE brave female customer on hand to join in the fun.  Ok, so you've been warned.  Whatever gender you are, if you want some serious BBQ, mark your calendar!   :-))
Oh how I love a good breakfast!     My first experience at this quaint little establishment was this past weekend, my sister, her boyfriend....my girlfriend and I decided we needed a bite to eat after a looong night of celebrating....they chose to make the trek from Gilbert to our side of town...our first logical choice laying in bed with a swelling head you ask?  Of course we had to try Matt's...after all, we had been hearing for weeks about the bountiful breakfast that awaited....     I absolutely love something about a place that can make you feel as though your a tourist in your own town...and this one does it, very small inside....no waiting area except the side walk in front....you have to "sign in" on an ordering pad (cute touch in my opinion)...any how, after seeing what we were up against....I thought the worst, you know what I'm talking about....long wait!  Thankfully I was wrong, we were sat within about 10 minutes!  (Side note, I think we were a bit lucky on timing....as we left, there were a LOT more people waiting, I believe we got there around 9-9:30)     Ok....for breakfast we all tried about the same thing....."The Hog and Chick"....fancy(kind of ;) way of saying eggs and some kind of swine....anyhow, all the basics are included here...potatoes (your choice, home fries or hash brown)  I chose home fries...and let me tell you, I was pleasantly surprised...with out a doubt the best I'd ever had!  Along with the potatoes there were onions and fresh rosemary....honestly the rosemary made them.  The eggs were cooked wonderfully....over easy seems like an easy fix...but its truly amazing how many times this can be a disaster.  My best friend had the ham....and let me tell ya...Nicki loves some good ham...and she got it!       I have read some other reviews of this place....some talking of prices too steep....not sure where they were coming from, but all four of us....huge plates, soft drinks and or milk....with tip about 45 dollars...not sure I would classify that as "over the top"....not for a meal of this magnitude...maybe Denny's...but hey if you want that...you know where to go ;)     Only quark with our truly wonderful experience you ask?....we got the wrong drinks....regular instead of diet....other than that, the wait staff was cheery and funny...two things that are a must with me when I'm baby sitting a hang over.Like I said...I love a good breakfast...Matt's truly delivers!Thanks Matt....I will be back, very soon!
This place is empty these days for a reason.It took almost an hour to get my supposedly medium-rare Kobe beef burger. I also ordered it with red onions, pickles, chipotle mayo, and on a whole wheat bun. The chef of the evening decided upon himself to correct my order while in the kitchen. I received a very well-done piece of mystery meat (it could have been dog meat at this point, the depressing char masking its true identity) with arugala and bacon on a white bun.I sent the order back, because for $15, I should be able to make my own culinary decisions. Shouldn't I?This time, twenty minutes later, I received again a burnt piece of tasteless meat (maybe they ran out of salt and pepper and couldn't figure out where to buy some?), but with the original toppings that I ordered. Well, aside from the bun -- that remained white.The meat also looked very familiar, and at this point I wouldn't put it past them to have just placed the patty under a heat lamp, went out for a few cigarettes, then returned the burger to me. But I'm also just a cynical bastard. I ate half of the burger before feeling like vomiting a little in my mouth, downed my water, paid (after hunting down my waitress), and left.If you want to pay this much for a burger, go to Delux instead. The quality at Blu Burger Grille appears to be extreme hit/miss.
Errrbody hatin' on Gold Bar!Personally, I like their coffee (OK, actually I like the Iced Mocha). I went there almost every single day (sometimes two) through college, so I have some loyalty. Consequently, I think I put one of their kids through college with the amount of coffee I bought. I actually like the fact they don't have music blaring in my ear. It made Gold Bar a much better study environment. On weekends they do have live music (jazz, classical guitar). I can't say anything about the food, except for the yummy McTavish cookies. Sitting is limited. Hours are great. And they are still around despite Starbuck moving in on their territory. HISSBOO.PLUS, they are open on Thanksgiving & Christmas Day for a couple of hours with $1 coffee. HELLSYAH!
This is not your average sandwich place. Nor are they normal sandwiches. They have a Vietnamese touch so it is different.They are very fresh, all of the sandwiches that I have tried were delicious. They have various other things in this place, it's all very interesting.The prices are great. The people are friendly. Go there.
So how does one go about trying to capture the essence of their love/hate relationship with a Wal-Mart? Falling prices and the happy yellow smiling face aside, do you embrace the mascot for consumerism or come down on the side of price fixing and driving the supply market to third world countries? I will admit, there are times moral ethics take a back seat to getting a good deal and I will head on out to my local store. On those occasions, I can be guaranteed of a few things:1) You will not ever find a parking spot anywhere near one of the entrances, so don't even bother with lot trolling.2) Locating someone to answer a question is like searching for the Holy Grail.3) At some point during your visit, you will have to step over a soiled diaper.4) You will find a meat or dairy product tucked away in the hunting gear or automotive department.5) You will become convinced that some parents have chosen the store as their babysitter and dropped their kids off at the door, leaving them to run screaming through the aisles, spreading terror wherever they go.6) Your cart will either pull to one side, making it impossible to maintain a straight line OR will make a piercing shrill noise similar to that of a howler monkey.7) They will be out of the one thing that made your visit imperative.8) The clothing department will look like they were filming a scene for the movie Twister.9) The customer service line will be snaked longer than an E-Ticket ride at Disneyland during spring break. (I believe this is a plot to lesson your likelihood to return items)10) They will only have 3 checkout lanes open and the person in front of you will have selected the single item with no pricing information, requiring a price check (see #2) OR will not have enough money to pay for everything and will have to pare down their purchase.For those of you that are looking for BIG excitement, take a tour of this place at 11:00 p.m. on Christmas Eve. I promise you an experience you will never forget!
They've gone down in general.  Portions are smaller for happy hour.  Service is still aright.  Drained the pond out front.  Sad.  Bread and butter were not fresh last week and I always look forward to THAT simple pleasure .  We can forgive the burnt and salty lobster since they gave us a new one on the house without us even asking.  Just disappointed as we used to LOVE this place.
FYI: this place delivers to the JW Marriott at Desert Ridge.  I haven't heard a lot of great things about this place and when I saw the reviews I was skeptical about ordering a pizza from here but after a long day in the lazy river, we wanted pizza so I threw caution in the wind and I'm glad I did.The delivery was quick, even though it was a busy Friday night.  We ordered a cheese and a Hawaiian - both were absolutely delicious.  My dad even hopped over to our room after his fancy meal at the hotel restaurant and enjoyed a slice.  He pointed out that this pizza is made on a hearth, I can't think of how that's possible but I had fun trying to visualize it in my semi sober state of mind.  I'd like to visit the place and see it for myself sometime.
People the world over have set aside Sunday as a time to fulfill religious obligations in a church or a temple or whatever. I, too, devote Sunday to a spiritual undertaking of sorts. Brunch: the most important of all Sunday traditions, and Gallo Blanco is one of my favorite houses of worship.I begin my service with a holy communion of mimosas. I reflect on the salvation that the blood of distilled grapes and fresh squeezed flesh of oranges provides to me. Then the divine Huevos Rancheros speaks to me through a chorus of heavenly flavors. The housemade tortillas, perfect blend of cheeses, and spicy tomato sauce brings me to my knees in a prayer of thanksgiving.The saints that staff this wonderful establishment are very helpful and attentive. They are always happy to bring out an additional round of mimosas or to explain any menu item. I will religiously attend brunch at Gallo Blanco because their food is amazing, and the wait is not as bad as other brunch hotspots around downtown.Amen!
********The noise level on Sunday, was unacceptable.**********I defy you, to hear a single word, your table mate(s) say.Not the place..... if you want conversation.......between bites.YOU'LL revisit your youth on Sunday .... remember those Rock Concerts ??? *********My first time here on a Sunday .... and MY LAST !!! ***********Monday thru Friday, you can hear yourself think.Saturday, I have no idea.Sunday, the noise ambiance is on the verge, of being pain-full.The food was A-OK..... 4 starsThe service was also ..... 4 starsTHE ONE STAR IS FOR THE NOSIEST RESTAURANT, I'VE EVER EXPERIENCED.
Nice selection on tap and nice atmosphere.  Unfortunately the food doesn't quite get to the 4 or 5 star mark.I was excited to see the traditional Haddock used for fish and chips, especially when I ordered the large portion to share with my wife.  When the plate arrived with a pound of Haddock in two long slabs hanging over the plate (That's what I'm talkin' about!) I was thrilled.  Then a mild case of disappointment set in:  the fish was slightly overdone and tasted a little fishy.  I also did not like that the chips had a coating.  Oh well.  We are a long way from the Atlantic aren't we.
What else can you ask for? Tasty food, GREAT SERVICE, nice decoration and on a large group they WON'T enforce gratuity!Of course we were more than delighted to tip well the guy that served us! I ordered the pork sandwich and thou I'm fan of Lee's...this one goes on the top of my list. GREAT! soft still crunchy baguette that matched the ingredients inside. My friends had different things and all tasted good. One of the favorites was the rice crepes and a fish cooked in coconut milk.Thank you Sekong!!
Was in the area due to the Chinese New Year festival at the cofco center. After falling in love with all the Mexican pastries at Phoenix Ranch Market I did some research on other various valley Panaderia. This one poped up on Yelp and I had been looking for a good excuse to make it here for a long time. Today was that day! I figured at least if I had a melt down it was on a day I was supposed to cheat :PWalked in and there were a few families sitting at the tables inside the small space enjoying their weekend special of menudo. First thing I noticed was not only were they a bakery but they also made some Mexican lunch/dinner items as well. That was going to have to wait for another day. I was here to collect sweets for after dinner.The gentlemen behind the counter was extremely nice and patient as I looked everything over 10 or 20 times. You'll have to excuse my gringoness as I explain the items I wasn't familiar with.Square, Baked Coconut, Custard Pastry:A type of phyllo dough that had a hole cut in the center which was filled with a custard. The top of the pastry was sprinkled with shredded sweetened coconut and baked golden brown. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FxEJjLZj6UdsOCGcgEufeA?select=_laOfCHYOXa9CuUJRabhFgCoconut Sweet Bread:Usually when you see these dome shaped breads they have a pretty dense texture. When we tore into this is was super surprised to find that it was more of a croissant texture. It had been dipped in a sugar glaze then into sweetened coconut flakes. *drool* man I love coconut. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FxEJjLZj6UdsOCGcgEufeA?select=ZZiHJoOBXRJedGpydREX8gEmpanadas De Calabazas(Pumpkin):Classic cinnamon spiced pumpkin empanada. It was less skimpy on the filling them I'm used to. It was very nice and even more amazing when we dipped it in some honey we had on the table at dinner. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FxEJjLZj6UdsOCGcgEufeA?select=lxtBwRYlOKChEhH4zXze9QI have come to appreciate Mexican pastries because they tend to be less sugar laden then American sweets. This means I can eat and enjoy them without feeling as sugar comma'ed as I normally would. I would have to say this bakery has veered a bit towards the American pallet and gone a little heavier on the sugar but still very mild compared to an American pastry/doughnut.Its local, the people are nice, the prices affordable, everything fresh. I can't think of a single reason not to come and show some support every now and again. You will pay a little more here then you would at food city or pros ranch but the quality is there.
I feel so compelled to try to balance out that crappy 1 star review based on her liberal PETA preaching.. Hey Denice you gonna give Aj's 1 star? How about the dozen or so restaurants as well that serve up Duck Liver.. The food at Le Chalet is topps, unpretentious service, and the BEST DUCK LIVER on the Planet! They have their own cages in the back I think, where they beat the bird to order, so it can be a little more fresh! Denise you are the biggest hipocrite in the World, if you have ever eaten out, and eaten a chicken, an egg, or god forbid a hamburger..
great wine bar in scottsdale.  i found the restaurant to be larger than other cozier wine bars but they did a fantastic job in utilizing the space by making it warm, and welcoming.  i loved the artwork too. for my entree i went with the small mixed green field greens, celery, cucumber, grape tomatoes, grilled lemon vinaigrette and added grilled chicken.  The wine list is extensive and i went with the servers recommendation of a nice cab and i am sorry to say i cannot remember the name. i met up with Aly d at 5th and wine and I'm happy i finally got to try 5th and wine and would definitely return. I have to agree with her review- the music was not my preference.
Ugh. We absolutely hated our experience here. When we first arrived, the host (who was standing outside at a stand) called us "sir" and "madam," which I thought was a little peculiar but not in and of itself annoying. Little did I know that ~32 minutes later, we'd look back and think of his misplaced etiquette as the only positive thing about our dining experience at Dragonfly. The service was totally unimpressive, especially given that the restaurant wasn't at all crowded, and the $4 happy-hour-special Long Islands were more sour mix than alcohol, but what really turned us off was the overly sweet, sugary, and poorly-thought-out food. We started with the "Mill Avenue" appetizer sampler. The only real standout was the cream-cheese filled puffs (ironically, the least authentic item) - the other items, including the sauce, were just off. The spare ribs were dry, the paper wrapped around the spring rolls was tough (telltale sign that they hadn't been freshly made), and the sauces were watery and had no zest at all. We eagerly looked forward to our entrees but when they came and we tried them, we found ourselves wishing for the flavorless and subpar - but not disgusting - appetizers. My husband had the mango beef - I used to work at a Vietnamese fusion restaurant where this was featured on the menu, and there, it consisted of thinly sliced beef with tender pieces of mango and a oyster sauce. Here, it was fatty chunks of beef with underripe mango in a sickeningly sweet, sticky sauce mixed up with a bunch of unrelated "sauteed" veggies. My yellow curry chicken and shrimp tasted less like a complex curry and more like a meat and veggie mixture (think bad Chinese) tossed in a paper bag with a whole jar of curry powder. When the waiter came to clear our almost-full plates, he asked if everything was ok. Our philosophy is usually to say something in response to that question only if something is fixable (e.g., a meat can be redone to be less well-done). In this case, the whole restaurant concept seems to be centered on serving flavorless and poor-quality large portions to a university crowd they seem to think is un-discerning. With so much wrong, a complete overhaul would be necessary. And, so...we said "We're just full. Thanks!" and got the hell out of there!
If you want good coffee without the corporate coffee environment,  then Copper Star Coffee is for you.  Take a seat with some friends and relax on the couch, converse over coffee and the best homemade cupcakes that will ever grace your lips.  This place is top notch, the decor is artsy,  the owner is friendly and his employees are cool.  GO!  ENJOY!  Kick your feet up!  Check out the awesome bathrooms too. FREE WI-FI.
***Appetizer: Pineapple Poke!I have actually dreamed about this dish- that resulted in me returning just to savor the delicious tuna creation.Both times I have gone I have just shared an assortment of appetizers... because they're so good! I'm looking forward to returning in the near future. Perhaps I will advance to an actual entree??!My BF loves the assortment of Micro brews on tap and they're served by very personable staff-complimentary.There is ALWAYS a wait after sporting events so I'd recommend sneaking out of the game early to grab a spot or weather the wait while sipping your favorite cocktail at the bar and hope to snag someones spot.
Food - Delicious.  Interior - Beautiful.  Everything else - Horrible.I had high hopes for Sochu House and was prepared for some kinks based on the reviews.  After having my In-Laws come down for lunch on a Wednesday, kinks are definitely what we experienced .We were sat at a wet table, thank you for wiping it clean but maybe have a dry cloth as well.  We ordered drinks, after waiting about 10 minutes, and waited another 15 minutes before another server checked on us to which we had to ask about our drinks.  We were then informed that 2 of the drinks ordered, Sapporo Draft, were unavailable.  I canceled the beer order.  Luckily we ordered our food at the same time we ordered our drinks.Having Tapas on your menu is great, and when we order food and specifically ask to "start with..." I would expect that to be noted.  Instead our food was brought out at random.  We enjoyed the White Truffle Edamame, super tasty.  We also had the wings, spicy and tasty, along with the crispy wanton, very tasty and the sauces that accompanied them were great.  My Wife and her Father had the Pad Thai, I thought it was good, but they said it was spicy.  I enjoyed the lunch special but have since forgotten the name.  We also had the crispy fish salad.  All of the food was delicious and well worth every penny.What put the cherry on top of a "bad service sundae" was when a glass of water was spilled in the lap of my Mother In-Law during clearing the table.  When something like this happens it is an accident and easily understood if a simple, sincere apology is given, and maybe even a Manager told about what happened, neither of these were done.  After this we receive our check with our canceled drinks still on the tab, this too had to be brought to our server's attention to be removed.What kept this from being a total rant on bad service is because the Manager stopped us on our way out and asked why one of us had wet pants and whose fault it was.  Had this gone unnoticed I don't think that even the wonderful food could justify a one star rating.   She in turn refunded our bill, thank you. I do hope that this is one of the last low star ratings Sochu receives.  The restaurant has great potential and a tasty menu to back it up.  Maybe this was a learning experience for us all.
I find it only appropriate I make Sabor Cubano my first review.   First of all, I am 1/2 cuban and was raised primarily in a cuban environment.When I first happened upon this place my eyes lit up in excitment.  "A Cuban Buffet joint!! no way!!!"  .. Yes way... but, to be honest, I entered expecting a halfed effort at cuban food.   I mean, how good can it be?  There are no cubans in Phoenix.. and the only well known attempt at Cuban cuisine is "Havana Cafe" (i'll keep my mouth shut on this one and review them MUCH later).On with the review.. I LOVE this place.  Do you remember the scene in "Ratattoulli" where Anton Ego has his first bite of the dish Ratatouille and was overwhelmed with euophoric adolecent emotion? Well.. that was me. This is the closest to Grandmas food I have EVER had.  If you;ve never been to a 1st generation Cubans home and eaten thier food.. then you might as well hop on over to Sabor Cubano because THIS is what cuban food tastes like.  This is 100%Cuban "comfort" food all the way.. and done right.  I took my brother there a couple of weeks ago.  We decided to give it an 8.  My  Grandmas food is an 10, Moms is a 9.. this place an 8.The servers, possibly daughter/relatives  of the owners are all  Cuban and friendly.  The food is all there.. there is no staple in Cuban food  missing.   All of the carb and protien overload you can hope fore. The plantano fritos and platanos maduros have to be ordered off the menu and will set you back about another  5 bucks total, but have them.  Any traditional cuban meal is eaten with a side of sweet of fried plantains.  Try the "Materva" while you're there.  A Cuban soft Drink made of "Mate root" and of course// finish your meal off with a "cafecito cubano" (cuban coffee), she'll confirm your order as an "Espresso" so that you are aware its a small strong shot.I applaud this place for thier genuitiy and effort. You'll find I am not usually as positive in a review and I'll throw constructive criticsm in more often than not.  I just wish they had "Iron Beer".. another poplular cuban soft drink.. and maybe knock off 2 bucks from the buffet cost., but now I'm just being cheap ...hey no ones perfect.
It was a dark and stormy night here in the valley of the sun. Clouds were rolling in faster than the light rail on a summer day. Even with the rain falling it was as sticky out as a pan of rolls from Cinnabon. As for me I was sitting on my porch contemplating whether or not to take this special case. With my belly rumbling I really had no choice. So after deciding to move on with my investigation I got in my car and started to cruise down Southern Ave in the heart of East Mesa, I passed by all the local late night suspects hangouts. Wendy's- no thanks! KFC- Sorry Colonel but you have failed too many times in the heat of battle, and I was still a little scarred from my sub battle with the sandwich Nazi (read my subway review). Jack in the box and Mcdonalds looked open but I was in no mood to clown around. This hunger of mine was getting out of control and I was the only one that could stop it. Just when all hope seemed lost and I would have to make a run for the border ( taco bell) a light from heaven or a little neon sign (I forget which one) that read Great China Super Buffet came into view. Now anyone who knows me at all knows I hate all things buffet, but if I wanted to solve this case and get rid of my gut wrenching hunger I knew I had no choice. So I did what any good food detective does and went in. Wow what a huge place. It was the kind of place that promised a good time if you were willing to spend a little dough. Over 200 items all waiting to tempt your palate and tickle your taste buds. Several freshly made dishes gave off scents that made my mouth water and my throat close at the same time as i sucked each nostril full, hoping that maybe the different flavors would enter my mouth and turn into food if I held them captive long enough. No such luck! So after speaking to the nice waitress I was handed a menu (got takeout) and took my time to study my file (menu). I had dealt with this cast of characters before. There was the delicious yet seductive Lady Moo Shu. She is the kind of dish that excites your taste buds and leaves you stumbling all over yourself waiting for the next bite. Then there is the General, Tso is his name and he commands his army to march right through the middle of flavor town. His attacks are swift and his spicy flavor bombs will blow away all your hunger till nothing remains. Eager to solve this case and eat some delicious food I ordered and dashed home. Each bite of chicken was just like that little light had been, pure heaven! Even though I was eating a meal at home they had somehow managed to take all those great smells and create a meal that made me wish it was my last. Why? Because how can I ever go back to the old neighborhood place that serves food that looks like it came from the frozen section at your local grocery store? I can't, I won't go back! Bottom line is you don't have to be a food detective to know this place offers some of THE BEST Chinese food in the STATE case closed. Now lets eat!
I'll be doing my reviews with "Gluten Free" in mind.  I do have Celiac but I am not extremely sensitive to cross contamination and such.  I do stick very closely to the gluten free diet though.We ate a late dinner at the Grand Lux on Saturday night.  The food was outstanding and the service was fantastic.  They do not have a gluten free menu available, but they will work with you to get you something you'll enjoy.  I ordered the pan roasted chicken.  It was served with awesome mashed potatoes, mashed sweet potatoes and fresh carrots, broccoli and snap peas.  GREAT dinner!!!  We were served by Josh, and he was very friendly and accommodating.  GREAT service also!!!  In the past I have also ordered their vegetable plate, which includes steamed white rice and you choose several side vegetables.I would highly recommend giving Grand Lux a try, I think you'll have as an enjoyable evening as we did.
Jana's makes some of the BEST baked goods in town.  My only regret is that they don't have longer hours.  I never manage to get there after work, and they seem to adjust some of their hours at will.... so best to call if you are coming from any real distance.The thing that most people don't realize is, that cheesecake originated in Eastern Europe.  All that "New York Cheesecake" is really grandma Sofia's recipe.  They have the original, made with traditional farmer's cheese. The other day I was lucky enough to get there while they were open.  I picked up a makoweic, a small poppy seed filled cake.  It was the best I have ever had.
This definitely IS the place to get your hoagies from!! On their website it states, "What is a hero?" You might ask yourself. Well, come try one. It's what others call a sub, hoagie or grinder, ONLY BETTER. What some call a sandwich, we call a snack. What other places call double, we call regular. We definitely don't skimp." Yeah, they definitely don't skimp on ANYTHING!! The quality of their bread and meats (Boar's Head), dressing, and customer service is spectacular. Ah yes, their customer service... You will definitely get that East Coast vibe- be a part of the family- yet don't feel offended if you hear a cuss word or five- and better know what you are going to be ordering cause this place is not for the indecisive. I haven't tried many Heros because I usually stick to my favorite one of all, a Po' Boy Special (ham, salami, bologna and American cheese with lettuce, tomato, onion and your choice of dressing). It costs $7.95, which is extremely cheap (not saying that you should be raising your prices but I would still be getting my Heros on even if you did) for the quality AND the quantity. The only downfall to Hero's Factory is that they are only open from 6 AM - 3 PM Monday to Friday, so I am not able to go there as often as I would like to. However, my husband does work downtown (night shift) and is able to bring me some before he heads home. To Nicole and Jay, and to the rest of the team, thank you for all of the Heros. :) P.S. Hero's Factory has made my Best of the Best ONLY list, of course.
It's pouring in Phoenix, the GPS doesn't recognize the address we've entered, the PGA Tour is here and redirecting us, and finally, we find our way to the very suburban, strip-mall located Jaspers Peak Bistro.We went to enjoy the Happy Hour in the bar and showed up to an empty place. Uh oh!  Being out-of-towners, we can only go by Yelp reviews and we're hoping we weren't steered wrong.  We grab a seat in the bar and are attended to by two lovely women!  As we are deciding upon beers, we get small samples of all their drafts, to aid in our decision making. How nice! =)The evening progresses in a similar fashion, except for the fact that about 30-45 minutes after our arrival, the place is packed!  Yelp wins again =)  We tried beer, wine, champagne, and cocktails. In preparation for my review, I wanted to be thorough!  The Chopin Cosmo was divine!  We also sampled some HH foods, which were half off:-Deviled Eggs: pretty simple and tasty-Cheese Plate: with manchego and gouda, grapes, and caramelized pears. also simple and tasty-Shrimp Canape: Grilled Shrimp, aged cheddar, applewodd-smoked bacon, and ancho chili aoili. Didn't look as appetizing as it actually was.Service was warm and attentive, atmosphere was nice, and the place was cute.  The one downside was that the quoted HH deals on drinks (we were told select wines and beers were 1/2 off) was incorrect.  The wines were actually 3 dollars off a glass; rather than paying 6 bucks for a 'meh' glass of syrah, it was actually 9 dollars.  The website lists the HH accurately, but the place should either put it on their menu in the place, or ensure the servers know the drill.I'd patronize this establishment often if we lived there.  We felt like regulars and saw how many people there actually were.  I love places like this!
Well, this place just didn't ring my bell at all.  I stopped in here today with Mike C., Arlin B., & Robyn N. for lunch, & ordered a Club Sandwich.  It was mostly all bread, with just a little bit of ham, bacon & turkey on it.  It cost $12.99 & was nowhere as good as the same sandwich at, say, Black Bear Diner.  I would have liked to have had a bowl of soup with it, but that would have been another $6.49, bringing it up to $19.48 for nothing but soup, a mediocre sandwich & some fries for lunch.  No thanks!     :-O
Claim Jumper continues to be my all-round favourite restaurant in the US. First time I ate at one in California I was blown away by the portion size (so big that they were serving apples on the plates) and also by the taste of the food. Their prime rib is absolutely delicious, and second favourite of mine is the rotisserie chicken - especially with their barbecue sauce. In fact, if you get any steak there, get that BBQ sauce and slather it on - it's wonderful.Varied menu, giant portions, reasonable price, consistently excellent service, giant tables available (they're usually spacious as hell inside), lunchtime portions, and the biggest desserts I've ever seen in my life. No exaggeration, the "I Declair" custard eclair is literally more than enough for four people and about the size of a loaf of bread. And the amount of drinks they have almost defies belief, although I'm not a mega-alcoholic I find myself continually shaking my head every time I look at their drink list.They do call-ahead seating as well. For most locations, including this one, it's probably a good idea to take advantage of that as Claim Jumpers are often packed on Fridays and Saturdays.Meal highlights: Prime Rib, Nachos (one serving is enough for FOUR people), Rotisserie Chicken and possibly the most delicious appetizer on the planet, Cheese Potatocakes.Really, this place just craps on everywhere else. If I was ever on death row, I'd have my last meal ordered from this restaurant hands down. I'd give them ten stars if I could.
Somewhere between A-OK and "Meh, I've experience better" lies Eastwind.  It's average fast-ish Japanese food that is ordered at the cash register and brought to your table.  The atmosphere is alright; more like a regular sit-down place than fast food (a plus).  The menu is pretty varied, with plenty of vegetarian options.  I ordered the Teriyaki Lite lunch combo, which consisted of a bowl of white meat teriyaki chicken over rice, an 8-piece California roll, and a side salad.  They let me have a seaweed salad with it instead of iceberg lettuce, which was nice.  Only $7.20 for all that food.  My co-workers' pad thai looked and smelled pretty good and they seemed to like it.I suppose Eastwind is a decent spot for an inexpensive lunch with co-workers.
I was disappointed with my visit this past Saturday. I'm generally a huge fan of Fox Restaurants, but this one fell short. We made a reservation for about 13 people and ended up waiting almost 30-45min past our scheduled reservation time to be seated. Once we were finally seated, then came the ordering. With me being on such a strict diet, I was a bit skeptical about finding anything on the menu. I ended up ordering the Blanco Chopped Salad. which on the menu is described as "Grilled Chicken, Seasonal Fruits, Pepitas (pumpkin seeds)" for $9. Sounds tastey right? Well before ordering it, I did ask the server if the 'salad' had lettuce in it, and he assured me it was lush mixed greens with mixed fruit, chicken, pepitas and a cilantro lime dressing. "Perfect!" Well that's not what I got.Apparently mixed seasonal fruits meant just apples and there was tomatos chopped up in it. Now understand, tomatos are considered a fruit, but when you read seasonal fruits, a tomato is the last thing on my mind. They were totally reaching there. And when I read fruits, I'm assuming more than 2. FAIL.Needless to say, I came in with no expecations and walked away completely disappointed. I usually try and make one more attempt to go back to make a confirmed judgement, but this first visit literally left a bad taste in my mouth. I won't be going back.
This is about the saddest little kiosk I've ever seen. Stranded in PHX, three hours on the way to Cabo, and four hours back, I had enough time to browse four gates of culinary options. Although there was one CPK ASAP that actually served pizza, there were a few that were downright pathetic, so small they only housed a fridge stocked with drinks and salad. Isn't serving pizza the whole point? Apparently not always.My girlfriend and I did have pizza at the CPKASAP that served pizza. There was a bit of a wait, the seating area was pretty dinky, and the pizza, aside from the BBQ chicken toppings, tasted to me just a half step up from Pizza Hut, which also infests this airport. Sure, beggars can't be choosers, and with limited options, CPK may be as good a bet as any. But it may do yourself some good to keep your expectations very, very low.
This is a tough one for me because it is already getting so popular.  Matt did a great job with this place.  It is a converted old (I'm guessing 30's) red brick home in downtown Phoenix.  The atmosphere is very warm, hip and comfortable but it can get a little cramped at times.  There is no jukebox but the music that fills the place is always solid with a good mix of some of the better trendy tunes from recent years.  I do like to partake in a finely crafted beer on occasion and they have a great selection of tap and bottled beer that you won't find at most places (try the Rogue Hazelnut Brown and their house beer made at Four Peaks Brewery).  Although I do enjoy wine as well I have not been able to pry myself away from the tap long enough to try any here.  That said I have noticed their selection looks well rounded and I have heard many good things about it.   The food menu is very simple but done very well.  Any place that serves a Dagwood is going to score points with me.  If I have to list any negatives it would be that the music can be a little loud at times and of course it can be a little cramped as well.  Overall I love this place and fear it becoming too popular but it is worth checking out.
We like to support locally owned businesses, but some local establishments make it so difficult for us to do so.My wife and I went for lunch and ordered a sandwich (Lucca: Herb roasted turkey) and a bruschetta plate (Burnt Mozzarella & Pesto: Wild Mushroom: & Caramelized Red Onion & Fig Tapenade). FYI, there is no table service so you have to order at the counter.  I will say that the staff was friendly, so that's the positive, though there should have been more staff working the counter because it got backed up. The sandwich tasted OK, but the presentation was unimaginative, the bread not fresh (so dry it was falling apart) and the portions smaller than similarly priced fare fare from other establishments we frequent.  Frankly, the best thing on our sandwich plate was the potato chips!The bruschetta was laughable! For 6.99 we received 3 SMALL slices of bread that were only partially covered with a visually unappetizing mix of toppings. The bread was not adequately toasted so each piece was somewhat soggy. In addition, none of the toppings were warm, even though the cheese on two pieces was melted and the third topped with what we would describe as a chunky mushroom paste (that was claimed as served hot)... which led us to believe these items are prepared in advance and not to order, hence the cool temp and soggy bread.Seriously! $6.99 for 3 small slices? Haven't the owners ever been to Postino to see what presentation, flavor and value are all about. Check the photo link in my profile and you'll find the one I posted of QCOM's sorry excuse for a bruschetta plate. And to all of you who will argue "but the Postino Bruschetta is 13.50"! Yes, it's nearly double the price, but at Postino you receive: A) 4 LARGE pieces of bruschetta, cut into thirds for 12 slices total, each slice about the size of one QCOM bruschetta; B) Easily triple the amount of toppings on each piece: C) something flavorful that you'll actually enjoy eating; D) A beautiful presentation; E) Table service from friendly, knowledgeable staff.Don't get me wrong. I think it's great that the Rea Family has brought a fine range of olive oils and related products to Arizona and we have used their oils in our home kitchen.Unfortunately, the del Piero eatery is operated more like a tourist destination where they figure it's a "one shot" opportunity to get maximum return for minimum investment from customers who probably won't be returning. Our suggestion, take the tour, buy some olive oil... then go somewhere else for lunch where they have taken the care to give you superior ingredients, prepared with skill, in sufficient quantity to justify the price and with friendly efficient service to boot.Oh yeah... as for the Gelato. Don't bother. Go to Frost at San Tan if you want a real, authentic, phenomenal Gelato experienceThis comment for the owners: While we were waiting for our lunch we went over to the wine tasting area. The young lady hosting the tasting was very pleasant and outgoing, but when we heard her say the Pinot Gris was made from white Pinot Noir grapes we, and the other couple tasting at the time, realized we wouldn't get an education with our tasting. To QCOM and all other establishments doing tastings... please, please, please don't have a wine novice doing the pouring.
What's great about Echo Coffee is it seems to be on the way to everything - to work, back home, to events. The convenient location and quick service means I can get in, get goodies and get out. When I do have the time to sit, the easy access to power and wifi makes for a great workspace.My must try list? Organic lemonade, mocha (great for those that don't like a strong taste of coffee, but love chocolate) and the chocolate-chip cookies.
Wow. I love a well-done happy hour and this steak house has it (pun intended). I had never even heard of this restaurant before some co-workers invited me out for post-office drinks on Friday afternoon. Our office in the "no man's land" of 48th St./Washington area, where the only restaurant within a mile has saguaro wearing a pair of sunglasses on its sign.So imagine my surprise when we pulled up to this Durant's-style retro-classy steak house. First of all, the door's are copper, a fact I find amazing due to my new-found love of this material in Arizona. I can't help it, it just always looks perfect out here. So we headed straight back to the bar area, through the dark wood with brass accents, dimly lit area of the restaurant. The bar is pretty big, several tables and seats along the bar itself - which is just incredible. A huge, ornate, wood carved saloon style behemoth (that puts Prescott Whiskey Row's The Palace to shame even!). In this magical place, Four Peaks 8th Street Ale was just $3. I will repeat that: Three Dollars. And they offered FREE happy hour snacks, and good ones at that. Sliders with condiments and chips and salsa. Just. Wow. The atmosphere and history makes it a perfect spot for out of towners, the happy hour deals make it great for an everyday pit stop after a crap day at work.
Despite knowing better.. I stopped by here for dessert last night. As long as your aware of what an oz looks like this is a heck of a deal.They have a huge selection of flavors and those horrible people make them all good. This was the worst part of this experience was having to make some type of sane decision as to which flavors to put in the cup.Things I tried:Dutch Chocolate: Way to rich for me. Chocolate lovers happy place I'm sure.Cheese Cake: Good.. but had a bit of a fake after taste.Double Cookies and Cream: Its like they figured out how to liquefy and freeze Oreo Cookies. Delicious.Pistachio: Again right on with the flavor. Says its made with real pistachio nuts and I believe it. Although I like "Gelato Spots" a little more.Toasted Coconut: Mmmmmmmm! Yeah again somehow figured out how to turn a fruit into a frozen treat.Peanut Butter: This was decent and said made with real peanut butter. I liked it but it almost tasted like over roasted peanuts. A little to deep and earthy.Their topping selection is HUGE. I liked the fact that many of the items were mini which meant you could get more in each bite for the same weight as the larger ones. They had mini Reeses Pieces which I had never seen before.I ended up getting 4 different flavors and about 4 toppings. It was more then I could finish and came to a total of $3.50 before tax. Considering what you pay at most ice cream places that's a bargain and I got EXACTLY what I wanted.At .30 an oz this is one of the cheapest of these self serve yogurt bars in town. From a health standpoint you'll totally regret going here.. but you'll be smiling the whole time.
I really like the atmosphere of the Vig Uptown,I just wish I could say the same for the food.   It's just not vegetarian friendly.  Yes, they have a greasy vegetable sandwich, and Yes, they can modify many menu items to be vegetarian, but a salad with no protein, is just not exciting.  It really frustrates me when restaurants say, "Well we can do this without the meat..." that may have been acceptable 15 years ago, but NOT when 10% of the US population follow a vegetarian diet!  We like to eat good food too!  Sorry for ranting, but for a new restaurant that portrays a Hip/modern image, they are not living up to it.  I've been to Vig Uptown several times because my BF likes it, but last night he said his potato pancake was not very good and the portion size of his carne continues to decrease every time he orders it.  I will say that the Vig has great sangria, tasty specialty drinks, and I've always had good service.  It's hard to say I won't be back, because that's probably not true... I can say I will not be back for the food!
So, I have had Mojo before and even reviewed one location.  I wanted to try and get my mojo back so I tried another Mojo location.  I'll give it another shot, I'll give Mojo another shot.I was nearing the end of my faux-date with Georgie S and things weren't going great, according to Georgie of course.  Isn't everything according to her?  I knew of only one place I would be able to turn things around.  Mojo Yogurt!  After a light rail ride to my car we drove to the Biltmore.  Now, I knew the concept and all so it wasn't anything new.  The only difference was they seemed to have more flavor choices at this location.  I mixed some cookie monster, cake batter, cookie dough bits, twix, kit-kat, and mini peanut butter cups.  To top it off I paid for Georgie's concoction as well.  I think she even muttered something about me being the best faux-date ever.  Sorry Nathan S :(When I sat down to dig into my creation I was extremely happy.  The bits of kit-kat were the best, with the caramel freezing just a bit to make it crunchy.  I am glad I gave Mojo another shot and will be back in the future fo sho.
The Sweetness is a new small ice cream shop located in the Fair Trade Cafe. It is a great little spot to grab some delicious ice cream. With amazing extended hours and service that puts Nordstrom's to shame- this is a win every time.I recommend getting the fresh waffle to accompany your ice cream. They are made to order, so have a little patience- as good things come to those who wait.I think the owner's name is Jesse, and he is a great guy. He is proud of his product, as he should be. I love that he makes great ice cream, but at the same time keeps it simple. You won't find a bunch of mixins, as this ice cream stands on its own.Keep up the good work, Sweetness!
I've tried several of the pasties here and they were all good. Quite pricey, though, and it takes a long time for the food to arrive, although that may be due to the nature of the food and the way it needs to be heated. Service is fine, and the space a bit cramped but not overly so.
For a while I saw this place being built and finally it opened.  I was excited to finally try it, but I went a while before I actually did.Im a huge fan of anything chicken and I guess I thought this was a wing place before seeing that it was literally all chicken fingers.  Ok, no problem.The food is good.. but nothing blew me away.  I ordered their 4 chicken finger meal, which I guess is very popular.  It came with a side of fries, a piece of garlic bread and some slaw.  My favorite coleslaw is still the one from KFC.  The bread was soft and tasty and the chicken was ok.  The sauce they gave you to dip it in helped.So it was good.  Would I go back? Sure, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
I love sushi, pure and simple. I did not love this place even though I love the concept. If you are a sushi fanatic and want fresh, melt in your mouth fish, this is not the place for you. I had three different sushi dishes - tuna, salmon, and whitefish - all the fish was dry and tasted the same. My husband picked up four different rolls - Hawaii, Dragon, Spider and Crunchy Spicy Tuna - with exception of the sauce, they too tasted the same. We thought the seaweed "nori" wrap was very "chewy" and tasted funny. The gyoza and the Inarizushi (stuffed tofu skin) were actually the best things we had. Service was friendly and efficient. I like how you know the price of the item by the color of the plate it is on.  It is kind of like a reverse cafeteria. Instead of going through the line, the line goes to you!  Among the typical offering like sushi and rolls, they also have desserts (tiramisu, cream puffs, cheesecake), jello and fruit salad.Think, and then think again, before you trek here. Weigh the choice . . . price vs. quality. The price was right, the quality wasn't.
We wanted to see what the hype was about this place, so my lady and I crawled out of bed at noon and came here for lunch. We came on a Saturday afternoon, there were a few people dining in. I had the carne asada burrito and my girl had the carne asada tacos. The food was tasty, and hot. I'm sure about how I feel about all they hoopla over this place. It was a decent place to grab a bite to eat. The Horchata was good, and they sell Mexican Coca-Cola. The price was all right, but you could definitely get carne asada at a Filibertos or any of the other 'Bertos for that matter that was just as tasty and for a few less dollars.*Update* I received an email from the proprietor of this Taco shop, he stated to me that "if you can not see the difference in quality from us and the other "Bertos", maybe this isn't the place for you"...I'm not sure why a restaurant owner would shoo away a guest, especially a guest who said the food was good, he was just not understanding of the hype. So if you're like me, and think Filibertos is good, keep going there, because obviously, the owner of this establishment doesn't need our business
I'm a Bay Area transplant and have been looking for good Pho. I researched Yelp for months reading 100's of reviews. My fav is bun bo hue. This was the best I have ever had! The broth was full of flavor and it was loaded. I don't think I'll be going anywhere else but here for pho. =)
Il Mio Dio.According to Babelfish, that's Italian for Oh My God.According to me, this is the Best Italian. I've had. In the US. Heck, even better than some Italian I've had in Italy. Do you really need me to carry on, especially considering all the reviews listed here? Pizza A Metro has to be doing something right.That something would include incorporating fresh ingredients (and dough tossed in front of you after you order a pizza or calzone), tasty arrangements (the calzone was magnificient), and very decent prices (lunch for two w/tip was under $30) into a tiny but efficient establishment. The only drawback is that my ass probably couldn't expand enough to accommodate the amount of food I want to eat from here. But Mio Dio, I will put it to the test.
Mariscos Sinaloa is awesome.  Their fish tacos and breaded shrimp tacos are amazing ($2.50 each)!  They consist of corn tortillas topped with deep-fried fish or shrimp that is so fresh and light (not heavy or greasy), cabbage, and pico de gallo.  They also have this wonderful orange colored, creamy chipotle-like sauce that is served in a squeeze bottle and is a must for the top of the tacos.  I also really liked their ceviche tostada (a great deal...huge and $3.99), which had a ton of flavor.  They also serve each beer with a frosted, salted mug...classy.  And, they serve margaritas (ok), and shots which look amazing.  My only suggestion is to stay away from the smoked marlin quesadilla, but I don't like smoky stuff, so that could be why it tasted like formadehyde to me (I feel the same way about smoked salmon...sorry).Anyway, check out this little place, because the food is fantastic!
America's Taco Shop was a complete disappointment.  We heard rave reviews and decided to try it.  The taco was skimpy and the meat was flavorless, $3 for Mexican coke is too much.  The menu was very small so that's ok if the items are really good but they weren't.  Very surprised this place has the good reviews it has.  I have had better tacos at places I would not ever return to.  I wished this place would improve because I want to continue supporting local businesses.  Service was OK.
Abridged: Just go. Every bad review you've read has been wrong.Unabridged:I was worried. Afraid. Scared of heading to Big Earl's after the reviews I read that it just wasn't up to par. I'm so glad didn't listen and went anyway.I guess I'm glad I walked in the side entrance because I didn't see the big display of tshirts Martin mentioned in his New Times review. Or they just aren't as out there. Or I was just really craving food. Either way, now that I'm thinking of Martin, I wonder if he knows he's on a big framed banned poster hanging up at Big Earl's.The place could benefit from some decor change, but I honestly think it's still that way for the mere fact that it's in old town. I bet those business buildings have HOAs. Tuscan/crap/southwestern style or die....But. I digress...Usually when I see lunch menu options at a BBQ place I tend to want to skip them b/c I think they're going to be ruined 'by the bun" and just a small icky amount of what I want to enjoy. Looking at the prices and sizes of the lunch and dinner menu though, I could tell Big Earl's was some serious shit. Serious. It was hard to make a choice. They have desserts with chocolate whip people... chocolate whip. I almost avoided real lunch food altogether. They have a leg of beast feast... folks.. if you got this for carry out, I'm not sure how it would fit in your car. But I can guarantee you'd eat it all. So what did I get?The Kentucky Mule is bourbon and ginger beer. And it was perfect. I was the only one in my group to ever have fried pickles before, and I was curious as to if they were as bad as mentioned before, so I ordered them. They were PERFECT. I have yet to see fried pickles done as well in this area as they are at Earl's. I have turned several people into fried pickle enthusiasts!!Then I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and mac & cheese. And I was full. This was the largest lunch I've ever seen. The bun at first looks like a cheap attempt at a bun, but it compliments the pork perfectly. Their sweet & spicy sauce is my favorite and the mac & cheese was to die for.As we finished, Tony, who cooks and created the sauces, came over to our table to give us a chance to let him know what he can fix. One of my table guests sarcastically complained about the mac & cheese he devoured. The result? We were brought out another side of deep fried mac & cheese. HOLY HELL!! This place is amazing. The food is stellar. Drinks are great. Prices are very reasonable for the quantity and quality and I would come back again in a heartbeat. Have I convinced a gaggle of you to come with for the leg of beast feast??? I don't want to eat it myself, but I have to admit, I'm hella curious.
Okay, so I've not been here for any other meal than brunch, because I am absolutely in love with the corn griddle pancakes with chicken.  My boyfriend always gets this too, so I've never tried anything else.  But it's awesome, matched with a mimosa, guaranteed the rest of your Sunday will be wonderful.
Took a cab in from the airport on a layover and was blown away. Service was impeccable, the lamb sliders were a work of art and the Fez burger, their signature, is as advertised - scrumdiddlyumptuous (is that how you spell it? Who cares I'm running with it).Also, they had a $3 pomegranate vodka cocktail special at lunch that is perfect for functional alcoholics like myself. Don't worry, kids -- I took a cab back.
We happened to stumble upon this place the other evening and decided to try it out.  Since I moved to the Valley, I have been attempting to find a place that has food that doesn't make me miss my Mom's cooking so much.  Unfortunately, this wasn't anywhere near it.  Our service was fine- nothing friendly, he just got us what we needed when we needed it in a very abrupt, awkward way.  Our water glasses were left empty too many times for my liking.I ordered the chicken tikka masala at a hot spiciness level.  The meal was alright.  There was no real flavor other than the hotness factor.  I was disappointed in this, naturally, as usually Indian dishes can offer both flavor and spice... not the case here.  I doubt I will ever return here, as the food really lacked the flavor that most people expect when enjoying Indian cuisine.
There is nothing like walking into El Pollo Loco and actually seeing the chickens grilling in back.  The smell hits you as soon as you walk in the place.  I guess it makes me feel good to see "fast food" actually taking its time cooking.I love the chicken bowls.  I always substitute the pinto beans for the BBQ black beans.  YUMMY!And, if you so desire, you can order tortillas on the side and they give you a choice of corn or flour.  Both are really good!  Chewy, stretchy and don't fall apart when you use them to eat.The restaurants are always clean and well-kept.  I've been to a few different locations.
It was 8:30 in the evening, we are driving to Phoenix from San Diego and we are worried we are not going to find a place open for dinner.  I consulted Yelp and found that India Garden was in between where we were and my sister's house.We arrived on NYE's eve and were promptly greeted.  The restaurant is large and only had two or three tables.  A buffet was ready to go but we decided we wanted to order from the menu.The Lamb Vindaloo (44) was very good as was the Naan bread.  However, two dishes really stood out.  First, the Bhindi Masala (85) Okra cooked with onions, tomatoes and spices.  Wow.  Really fresh and great flavor.  Next, we ordered the Chicken Achari (40) Chicken cooked in "exotic Indian pickle masala".  This was the surprise of the evening as the pickle flavor mixed well with the chicken and masala to make a very fresh and pleasant tasting dish.Finally, the service was spectacular.  At least three different people constantly (but not in a bad way) checked on us to make sure we were happy and had everything we needed.  Reasonable prices for bottles of wine that matched very well with the food makes for an experience that is as good as it gets.Thank you.
This place fails on so many levels. First off, $5 cash cover to get past the door only to find yourself wanting to bail in less than 60 seconds. The music was being played at a ridiculous level, tough to hear your self think let alone carry a conversation with members of your dinner party. The service was atrocious and our server wins thumbs down for being the worst in the 602. Our drink orders were delayed and staggered leaving some with empties for far too long and they ran out of Pacifico. Major fail! Our food was lackluster at best. We had the cheese crisp and Carne Asada tacos. The food was cheap and it was evident in the taste and presentation. Paper plates, Seriously?! Was this a restaurant/bar turn cheesy hip-hop club or vice versa. It's difficult to eat a meal and enjoy the company of friends with people crowding all around you. The place lacks flow and swagger in major way. Meh. I've experience better.
Wow. This place sucks.Honestly, don't waste your time. The food is overpriced. The service is awful. I hate the parking structure. It's just a mess. A hot mess.How are they staying open?My arnold palmer was $2.50. The tea was flavored and tasted really gross with lemonade.We split the house salad which was obviously the prepackaged spring mix from Costco (or Sysco -- whatevs) Then we split a medium pesto, tomato, and basil pizza. The tomatoes were not ripe, the sauce was bland, and the pesto was non existent. And then the 30 pine nuts that were smashed into the cheese were overkill.The crust was fair.The server took my plate before I was finished and then set it back down after she realized my fork was in my mouth.So for two teas, a house salad, and a medium pizza our tab was $22 ??? Costco Pizza would have been better.Bleh.
I will be honest, the first and second time I visited TMI I was extremely disappointed, mainly with the service.  My wife and I decided to give it another chance and we have since become fans.  They offer a good happy hour and the meals are enough to split between two people. I would definitely recommend the "Artichoke Heaven" or "TMI Toast" as a starter.  Any sandwich you pick should not disappoint, my favorite's are "The Sheridan" and the "RB & C."  I would recommend the greens as your side, the dressing is delicious.  My favorite is that I can take it back to the old school and order a Mickey's wide mouth hand grenade as a beverage.  There beer list is quite extensive and they have many local brews on tap, along with other fine beverages.Thank you TMI for turning my frown upside down.
I have been going to Switch pretty regularly for several years and always found it to provide good food, a nice atmosphere and a great value.  Tonight, however, I was severely disappointed.  I was quite hungry, having eaten very little during the day, so the choice for me was between two of their more substantial meals:  either the short ribs or the Amsterdam Pasta.  I had eaten both in the past and had favorable recollections of them.  When asked, the waitress, hands down, recommended the Amsterdam Pasta, so pasta it was.  What a mistake!When it arrived it was already cold around the edges--a sign that it had sat out for a while before the waitress got around to bringing it to my table (oh, did I mention the slow service?).  Instead of the creamy white wine sauce I was expecting, I got a watery, oily mess.  Pasta, vegatables and chicken literally swimming in a half inch of oil.  And the garlic was so strong you could ward off a whole room full of vampires!  On top of that, nearly all the asparagus spears were the tough bottom halves that should have been cut off and thrown in the garbage.  Nothing is more disgusting than having to pull food out of your mouth and pile off to the side because it cannot be chewed.  There were about 8-10 piled up by the end of my meal.Had I not been so famished and pressed for time, I would have sent it back.  But that would have meant trying to catch the attention of my missing-in-action waitress.  I had already waited over half an hour after ordering and was unprepared to wait another similar lenght of time.  The pasta was edible and the chicken was edible, but the asparagus was put into a half-chewed pile while the remaining vegetables were left to float in the greasy pond at the bottom of the dish.When my waitress finally came back around near the end of my meal, and I expressed my disappointment, her response was pretty much, "oh that's too bad; did you leave room for dessert?"So, let's do a tally here:  bad food, mediocre service and lousy attitude.  0 for 3.Given my previous, good experiences at Switch, I am willing to give it another chance.  But I fear that, after a successful run, my experience tonight may be a sign that the place has started its decline.  I will be seeking out alternatives.
This place kicks major boody!Its new, its huge, its very well stocked, there are various free tastings all the times. We were the Sunday and they had Italian wine tasting. With real Wine Master present, never the less. I tasted and tasted and tasted some more LOL Probably tasted 1 1/2 glass worth of different Italian wines. Of course, i bought a bottle too - can not just taste and buy nothing. Their prices are somewhat on the higher end of the spectrum, not as high as AJ's of course. But produce seems to be fresh and variety is nice. That theme pretty much goes through entire store. If i lived really near by i would have gone in there way more often, but for 20 min drive i do not go there too much. All in all, it is great to have such store in the vicinity."I like"
This newest Five Guys opened up the street from my house about three months ago & I finally got around to giving it a try tonight.  I ordered their regular burger with raw onion, pickle, tomato, ketchup, mustard, green peppers, Jalepeño peppers & mushrooms.My order was ready in a short little while, served up by the very friendly staff in a bright, clean, comfortable atmosphere, with cool oldies playing & free peanuts on the side.YUM, YUM, YUM!!  IT WAS AN EASY 5 STARS FOR THIS BIG, AWESOME BURGER priced at $5.59.     :-))
An interesting, almost unique experience, dinner at Cafe Monarch is much like that in a small Spanish or Mediterranean cafe.  There are 17 seats, one chef, one waiter, and a fixed menu (you get your choice of three entrees however).  If you have special dietary requirements, tell the chef when you make your absolutely necessary reservations a month in advance.  The experience earns the four stars, but the food is not good enough to propel Cafe Monarch beyond that.  Not that it's bad -- but there are too many rough edges and not quites, such as the superfluous undercooked potatoes in the London Broil salad.  Service is slow -- three courses in two hours -- but you won't mind since you can watch the chef cooking from most tables and it is an exceptionally comfortable place to eat.  Definitely bring your own wine, expect to experience new tastes, ignore the minor eccentricities, and you will be glad you came.
this coffee is so good that you probably shouldn't ever go here. "but why," you ask. "that makes no sense," you proclaim. listen, if everyone starts going here and then i have to wait in a line next time i stop by i'm going to be a little disgruntled. the last time i was here it was totally low key and peaceful and i got to enjoy my coffee and small talk with the owner without being rushed. what a gem.. especially for me coming from los angeles. so please.. stay away from Cartel. for me.
This was a tough review for me.  I wanted to give them higher marks, really I did.I went in with low expectations.  I've had Jewish food on the east coast, OK?  Things were looking good right off the bat.  We were seated and water and a tray of pickles appeared as our tushes hit the cushions.  My lovely wife picked up a pickle, crunched off a bite, gave a surprised expression and said, "Not bad.  I'll be the Jew-judge."  She is Jewish, after all.  Fair enough.  I thought the pickle was pretty good, comparable to some I've had on the east coast.That's where things started to go awry.  It took between 5-10 minutes before anyone came over to get a drink order.  We ordered several items to share.  My wife and I shared a corned beef sandwich and fries with gravy.  The kids shared matzo ball soup, blintzes and a latka.  I ordered coffee.The soup came first and it was very good and authentic.  Coffee?  "Oh, right."  My water has been sitting empty for a bit.  The rest of the food arrived pretty quickly, and my coffee arrived.  Water?  "Oh, right."The blintzes were very good, especially the cheese.  The corned beef was good, it passed muster as authentic.  Fries?  Good.  Brown gravy?  Fine, but it had an odd flavor.  Latka?  Very good.  Water?  "Oh, right.""Can I get a refill on the coffee?"  "Oh, right."The prices are high.  The sandwiches are available whole or 1/2.  $13.xx for a whole corned beef is a bit high, but it is big enough to share so that's a plus.  One sandwich and one order of fries was enough for 2 adults.   The fries were $4.xx  Coffee?  "Oh, right."  I don't appreciate having to ask for every refill 3 times.  I would probably write it off to just one server having an off day or something. In summary:  Good kosher-style food, a bit pricey.  It will hit the spot when I'm craving a corned beef sandwich.  The service was spotty.  So what may have been a 4 star review has been knocked all the way down to 3 stars.  Coffee?
Alright, let me start this off by saying that I had a hard time deciding if I wanted to rate this place 3 or 4 stars.  My initial reaction was a 4, but there are a few things that really bug me here, so I really would say it's more of a 3.5The first negative is parking.  The lot behind the restaurant is ALWAYS full, and good luck finding a close spot on the street.  There's an apartment complex across the street that people try to park in, but you're really taking your chances; I've seen cars towed from the lot.  Next, this place is always so busy.  Recently if I drive by and see it's totally crammed, I just keep on driving.  It's not worth the hassle. Food here is hit or miss for me.  There are certain menu items (appetizers, burgers, daily specials) that are great, and there are others (fish & chips and the pizza) that are just not good in my opinion.  My best advise is find a few dishes you do like, and stick with those:)  The beers here are good, but not phenomenal; it would be nice to see 4 Peaks expand as a brewery with new beers.  The Pumpkin porter here is just so damn good though.  Honestly!  People wait year round, anticipating this beer.The patio here is superb; a great place to spend time people watching and enjoying the weather.  I tend to shy away from here during the summer since the building is open and only has a swamp cooler.  You're either melting on the patio or full of sweat inside.  Gross.All complaints aside, I love this place.  The atmosphere here is laid back and friendly.  Service is always great and food comes out very speedy.  I definitely recommend coming here with friends
Wow, what a relief.  I am so glad to see an average Yelp rating of 3 stars.  I was worried that I was crazy because when I arrived, I read multiple "Best of..." awards (you know the ones), but by the time the meal was over, I was thinking, "Best of what!?"  I am so glad my fellow Yelpers agreed with me: this place has great atmosphere, but the food is average at best.To their credit, I walked through an incredibly great patio, perfect for Arizona winters, on my way to the main entrance.  But it reminds me of Tortilla Factory in Scottsdale.  You don't go for the food.  You go for the patio.
This isn't *just* a lunch review. I say that so you'll understand that Cowboy Ciao is also a great option for mid-day dining. Of course I want to go back for dinner and check out that menu, but all in good time...For lunch, my hungry co-workers and I decided Cowboy Ciao was a fantastic Plan B (After Geisha so rudely dismissed us). Some of us were concerned about the price, but I figured I'd enjoy my lunch, no matter the cost, since it wasn't everyday that I get to dine at such well-received places. I ordered the Buffalo Carpaccio. It was on their "light" menu, with plates to share or options that won't leave you feeling overly stuffed. It was actually quite filling, with thin slices of seared buffalo, generous portions of goat cheese, a small green salad with beets and dried pieces of garlic bread (think upscale croutons). I loved everything but the dried bread. Oh well. It was soooo good, especially when combining the buffalo, goat cheese and green in a fork-full bite of pure enjoyment. My friend got the famous (or infamous) Stetson Chopped Salad. Imagine my surprise when it was smoked salmon as the main meat - not beef, as I expected. Then again, when I think cowboy + stetson, I think beef. Wouldn't you? Turns out the salad isn't named in the cowboy theme (which is tastefully displayed in the decor) but for the name of the street. Ah-ha! Clever, Cowboy Ciao. You got me there. Anyhow, the salad, though small for a hungry luncher, was beautiful presented - all ingredients lined up in rows, then "chopped" right before your eyes! My co-worker was a bit disapponted in the size of the salad for $12. It's definitely not something you should order if you're really hungry!My other co-worker ordered the daily special - an ENORMOUS sandwich that consisted of bacon, avocado, tomatoes, rooster (i forget the "special culinary name" for this) and toasted ciabatta bread. It was HUGE. Definitely a bargain for $10. I heard it was damn good, too. I also had a cup of their coffee. Yum. With fresh cream. I noticed it was a $3.00 cup, though. Dang. Next time I will accept the offer for a re-fill! Soooo... what's the verdict? Cowboy Ciao gets my seal of approval. It's a great place for lunch, especially if you decide to split a couple "light" plates. You may even opt for desert. How can you miss the delectable temptations, when they're the first thing on the menu you see? Cowboy Ciao, I'm on to you. You want me to be one of the many customers leaving behind witty remarks, don't you? You want me doing back-flips like an Olympic gymnast on my way out the door? Well, like I said, I'm on to you. But don't worry. It's a good thing. You definitely won me over, especially since, with tip, I was able to have a wonderful, satisfying lunch here for $20. Oh yeah, and Sean, our server, was A+. Can't wait to go back for dinner...
Okay...my past experiences with Farmer's Market completely overshadows my opinion about the downtown Phoenix Public Market.  The context; I used to work at an organic orchard in the central valley of CA that sold 43 varieties of peaches and grew acres of fresh basil, oregano, thyme, rosemary.  After the orchard, I moved to the Bay Area where there is a farmer's market everyday.I am giving the Phoenix Public market a harsh two stars for all the reasons given by previous yelpers.  Yeah...the items are expensive even after chipping in for the organic, local, small business factors.  The quality is not consistent.  I bought two heads of garlic, half of one was dried out and unusable, the other, sprouting...the same goes for the onions.  I liked the scone that I bought from the bakery stand.  the scone had a sandy texture and was moist and fresh.I haven't been back in a while and will probably give it another or several chances...the only way it will get better is to support it and encourage it...My rec is to go early on SAT, have a scone and coffee and people watch in between reading articles from your favorite weekend paper.
I've seen Lola Coffee appear recently on one of my favorite blocks in downtown Phoenix. The day I finally set foot in there I was pleasantly surprised and am happy to say Lola Coffee was beyond what I expected, and I was expecting it to be fabulous ;) The parking is easy to get in and out of, plus plus! There are two entry ways, one in the front and one in the back. The decor/ambiance of the coffee shop is awesomeness. It is a cluster of rustic, vintage and post modern. The people inside seemed like nice/interesting people reading their morning paper rituals over coffee. The shop is very clean, organized and "pretty". The barista and cashier were both very friendly and welcoming. Oh how I love when people making coffee have some extra enthusiasm that rubs off on me and sparks up a positive day for me :) The coffee was FRESH. The power of fresh coffee is beyond words :) They have all the essentials to making your own coffee to your preferences. They also have some not-so-ordinary pastries on display that look delicious. Overall, I am giving Lola Coffee five stars. I loved the location, the inner setting and the people that work there. Great service and a great commodity! Five stars for this Cenpho coffee house :)
Had a rare day off during the week and wanted some good Chinee food to make up for yesterdays horrible lunch experience.Went to the China Buffet on Lower Buckeye Road, out of the way for me, but what the heck?  Never a big fan of that area, but it looks much improved with legions of new housing out that way. Agree with Cher and Daniel by the way on this one.Arrived promptly at noon, all experienced buffeters know that you need to go early if you want it fresh.And fresh it was, very competent selection.  Standard but fresh dishes like Orange chicken, BBQ pork, won tons, 3 different soups, egg fried rice, chow noodles, and some nice looking sushi rolls, never tried the sushi but I looked decent.Very clean, not too busy, and fast prompt service.  Also, they had Asian style music in the background, very nice, better than (inappropriate for the style of food-see one of Rand's review) Latin music or a blaring awful TV like some other buffet places.Cost: Lunch, soda, tip = $10.66, very reasonable for lunch.Will definitely go back if in that side of town again.
Good grief.  Good, wonderful, awesome grief.I've been to the El Rancho on 19th in Phoenix.  I was all smiles then.  Even more-so here.Screw the groceries.  Head to the left towards that smell of stewed meats, seafood salads, sweet stuff, and salsas.  That is where 'its' at, whatever 'it' may be for you.My second time at this location, and...I still wasn't able to magically learn Spanish upon entering the place, like it seems like I would be able to.  So trying to find out what a specific meat in a specific sauce actually is, that's kind of an adventure in its own.  I go there mainly for what I FINALLY found out is cueritos, but I STILL don't know what to put it in or how to serve it.  So I just grab a fistful of it out of the bag and down it.  Works for me.Ceviche was new to me until I was given a sample by the nice lady who noticed me staring at it (first visit)...second visit I went to purchase two pounds for our work potluck.  Both first visit lady and second visit lady were helpful and friendly...only second visit lady spoke English regularly.  I felt like taking her around the store with me to answer me every time I said "What IS that?"The reviews show that people really like the place, but they love the atmosphere...  Is it just that its different?  So...why don't we embrace PEOPLE that are different in the same way we embrace a friggin GROCERY STORE that is different?  Coming here makes me want to get to know more about this different culture...the people, the food, and the food again.  You don't really want to leave.So what if you can't speak Spanish, like the other folks here say, just point and nod.  Start at the first tray in the long cases of food and try a different one each visit.  Why not?  Everything is priced for those who got pocket change.  To heck with Taco Bell...I can get a whole package of tostada shells, the meat, and some salsa for less than a doggoned 'Bel Grande' combo.  Also, when I look over yonder to parts of the store yet explored (can't get out of that food section), I see the freshest looking meats I've ever seen in any store's meat section.  I can see how red and fresh the meats are from across the store.  That brings me to the pride you'll find here.  Pride in preparation.  Pride in what they put on their shelves.  Pride in presentation.  Pride in their store.  So go.  Just go.
When I finally thought I had finished writing all of my Phoenix reviews, a notebook of even more "To Reviews" with dining notes resurfaces...needless to say, I think my Phoenix years went under-Yelped. Kincaid's is a surf and turf joint near Chase Field and America West Arena. I believe it's part of a large chain of restaurants of the better-than-Red-Lobster-but-not-by-much white tablecloth variety, and while the service was quick and friendly, the food was pretty bland. I do remember them having a decent selection of food for Happy Hour, but their wine list was nothing special and in the end, we ended up eating again an hour or two later. Not the best place to take vegetarians, but for those looking for a not-too-expensive (but not too great) steak before a game, I guess this is a place you could go. I, however, would recommend Durant's up central. Classic, local, and just off the light rail. :)
So of course i saw the Man V Food episode last night about the Del Ray Torta. Thought is looked amazing. So for lunch i went and tried their food. It was definetely difficult to choose what i wanted. So many things looked good. I chose the Arizona Torta. One word: Awesome! It was hot, delicious, and tasty... Oh and i got the traditional Coke in a bottle! Will be back.. maybe for dinner tonight!
Never disappointing!I've been getting breakfast and snacks here almost 85% of this past month. My coworkers introduce me to this spot on day one of my new job. It seems I've become quite the regular as the very wonderful staff remembers me and treats me just as nice every time I come in. The breakfast burritos are to die for and man that salsa has kick! They keep me going on days when I'm pushed to a late lunch due to a pile of work that unexpectedly jumps up in my face.Plus, I don't have to cross any major intersections to get to it. Nor do I have to walk that far. Always a plus in my book! Ladybug Cafe with your cute lil' ladybug decor, I will continue to frequent you as long as I'm employed within the area! :)
Met some colleagues for drinks here the other night.  We were having a good time, then all of a sudden at 8:45 pm our server comes over to tell us that it was last call.....what?!  Yep, last call because they close at 9 pm.......you gotta be kidding me?!  What is this?!Oh well, we paid and we left.Return Factor - 10%
Solid 4 star mexican food at very reasonable prices.the ladies at the counter are always friendly and help you decide what delicacy will tempt you!the food is not too spicy here and always served piping hot!
If you are on a diet, don't come here. It's too tempting! My friend and I had our last meal in Phoenix here, and we shared a chocolate and butter fry bread. It was fantastic! So gooey, but the chocolate was delicious!There are a ton of other options, ranging from savory to sweet. I went during lunch, so a lot of people were getting fry bread with beans and meats.  Prices are very reasonable, but be prepared to wait if the line is out the door. Seating is very limited, so if you have a big party you'll have to keep that in mind.  Based on the one meal I had, it was great. I would have liked to try the other ones, but I was too full (and feeling way too guilty!)BTW- They are closed Sundays.
I am completely blown away by all the less then 4 star reviews! I have been going to Lo Cascio's for a good 10-12 years and I have never once had a bad experience here. EVER.Yes the decor is out dated, but really does that effect your eating experience that much? Me thinks not. And I honestly love the "kitschy" music piped through....since when was Sinatra kitschy? The hubs, a friend and I all went this past Saturday night. We got there about 7:30 and the parking lot was PACKED! When we got inside we were asked if we had reservations, we told them no and they sid it would be a few minutes. No big deal. We waited maybe 5 minutes. Our waitress was sooo friendly and helpful. We all had questions and were going back and forth on what to get. The fresh bread loafs are always a favorite. The soups always change and are terrific.For starters we got the Mozzarella Marinara and the Calamari Fritto. The mozzarella is a MUST! Seriously it will change the way you view fried mozzarella for the rest of your life. I promise. I ordered the Gnocchi with pink sauce. OH MY! The gnocchi is made fresh in house and you can tell! Little pillows of heaven! The pink sauce was top notch.Hubs had the veal, and ate every last bit. He said it was amazing. I would not know as I passed on trying it. Our friend got the Fantasy Chicken (I think that was the name) It was sooo light and totally outstanding! We also all got cannolis and coffees at the end, great way to cap off a tasty meal. So for 3 meals, 2 apps, 3 desserts, 3 coffees and I think 5 glasses of wine hit the table our total bill was only $168. I honestly thought it was going to be well above $200 the way we got down on that dinner. This is one of my all time fav italian places to hit up. And love supporting mom and pop places.
Since I'm a glutton for punishment, I've read both of Ayn Rand's popular Objectivist novels. There are scenes from both The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged that remind me of the atmosphere at MercBar, and I really love pretending like I am a character in the books. I take nerd to the next level, obviously. The ambiance is timeless with the low couches, leather chairs, dark wood paneling, and super dim lighting. There are candles everywhere, and most of the customers come dressed very nicely. The drinks are fantastic! The bartender, Brent, makes the best drinks: take advantage of it if you are able to snag a drink from him. The waitresses are all very nice and will walk you through their signature cocktails if you so desire. I just tried the cheese and fruit plate, and I think it is the perfect pairing for any of the drinks on the menu. It provides a little something for your stomach while you throw all those drinks back. This is really the perfect place for a date or a group of friends. The atmosphere is very intimate, but the music lends itself to a fun environment as well.
I definitely enjoyed Lo-Lo's, but I don't know if part of it wasn't just because of the novelty, and how much I wanted to like it. We went on a Sunday after church, and it was PACKED. We had a very long wait (which told us it must be pretty good!), but the kind people of Lo-Lo's were kind enough to provide us with a shade structure and mister-fan to combat some of that infamous Phoenix heat. They even had a water cooler with cold water for us to enjoy while we waited, so that we would not swoon from heat exhaustion.The food was tasty, that's for sure. I ordered one piece of chicken breast and one waffle. Both items were DELICIOUS! Thank goodness Lo-Lo's knows how to make their namesake dishes, and make them well! I felt like my meal cost a little more than I would have hoped, for just a piece of chicken and a waffle. It's worth going there, though, for the experience.
I'm convinced that the people who work at In-N-Out are either robots or being force fed antidepressants. They're the happiest food service people I have ever met - EVER! I love the fact that In-N-Out's menu is so simple. I don't have to decide between 87 combo meals, or what sides I want. I get a choice of 4 burgers and fries, and that's that. I got the protein style burger to work around my gluten free diet, and the lettuce was fresh, burger  tasty, and did I mention that the service was SUPER FRIENDLY! !
*burp*  Cripes, this was some good food!  Pleasantly full, not like Thanksgiving.  I just HAD to have the #28 noodles.  Rice noodles, with mock pork, and egg roll on top, bean sprouts, lettuce, cucumbers and peanuts.  The bowl was HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!I went with Robert M. and Bacon and they had gotten there before me and had a couple appetizers ordered already.  Two different kinds of spring rolls: shrimp and pork.  This is a vegetarian restaurant, so all the meat was "mock."  Each order had two huge rolls, enough food for the three of us to split.The boys got the #41 - soy chicken speared with lemongrass and a tofu dish.  Everything was delicious!Then, the boba.  I've been a fan of boba forever and am soooooo glad there's a place in CenPho that has it!  Robert and I got the taro and coconut smoothies, with boba.  Bacon had the Chai with boba.  We also got to taste the avocado.  Soooooooo good, I will dream of it more than my last date.  That wasn't even worthy of a nightmare, it was so uneventful.The owner was awesome and took his time to answer questions and explain the dishes and how to eat them.  Did you know that the Buddhist monks do not eat garlic or onions?  It's because they make you horny, and that's not good for monks.  Maybe I should cut those out of my diet, too.Boba.  The drink you can eat!
100th review! I was hoping that for this milestone, I'd be reviewing something either spectacular or horrific. Well, Coyoacan is neither. It's right at the middle. It has some great stuff going for it, but it also has some improvements to make if it's going to rise in the star ratings and most importantly, convince people from other parts of the area to make the drive to South Phoenix. Coyoacan is located on Central, at the base of South Mountain and right between Spokes (now closed) and the famed Los Dos Molinos. The exterior is a dark and not particularly welcoming color and the neon painted words on the windows announcing the happy hour specials make the restaurant appear to be less formal than it actually is inside. When you go inside, the restaurant is surprisingly beautiful - the bar is long and curved, made out of a beautiful granite, and there are Brazilian art and artifacts and flowers placed throughout the room. The grill is just past the bar, so you can catch a glimpse of the chefs preparing the food. Coyoacan definitely gets credit for creating a romantic and interesting atmosphere. The first time I went here was with my dad, who was visiting from out of town. We had a lot to catch up on, and I specifically chose Coyoacan because I had heard that it was an upscale Brazilian steakhouse, and I assumed that it would be quieter/conducive to conversation. Instead, there was a band playing the loudest, most unpleasant Brazilian music. We had to shout to hear each other. The service was also disastrous. We ordered a salad that didn't come for 30 minutes, even though we were only one of 10-15 customers.  When the salad came, it was prepared differently than we had requested. Our server seemed more interesting in chatting with her friends or relatives at this one table than taking care of us. After finishing the salad, we waited for 20 minutes with no sign of our entrees. When we asked our server, she got snappy and insisted that "Good food takes time," a principle we wholeheartedly agreed with but weren't willing to accept with how hungry we were and how much our voices hurt from yelling. We ended up asking for the food to go and taking it home (where we could eat in peace and quiet). The steak we ordered was decent although not spectactular, but the grilled veggies and corn masa sides were delicious. All in all, not a great experience.Last week, my husband and I decided to give Coyocan another chance. We went during happy hour and sat at the bar. There was no band playing (although they were setting up). The bartender was really helpful and gave us great service. We ordered the house margaritas, which were 1/2 off for happy hour. They were really good - the mix was citrusy but not too sweet, they were appropriately strong, and the flavor went really well with the chips and salsa (which were also pretty good). We did notice that the manager/owner was sitting at the bar chatting with a bunch of friends and wasn't walking around interacting with customers. For our appetizer, we selected the beef taquitos. On the plus side, the portion was huge (five huge taquitos) and they were perfectly crispy without being too oily. The beef was a little dry, though. Our entrees came out promptly this time but they were a little disappointing given the price we paid. My husband got a slow-cooked pork ($17) and I got the prawns with plaintains and peppers ($26). Even though the pork was tender, the sauce was over-seasoned and practically drowned out the meat's flavor. My dish was not great - the plaintains were under-cooked, the prawns tasted really fishy, and the sauce was bland. For $26, I could get a really stellar entree elsewhere, so needless to say, I was disappointed. The beans and rice that came with the entree were decent, though. Coyoacan is a hard place to figure out - Is it a sophisticated steakhouse or a nightclub? Is it a steakhouse (as it labels itself) or simply a restaurant that serves Brazilian food (and three steaks)? Is the service only good at the bar, or was our experience an anomaly? Is it a place that's welcoming to guests of all types or just people who know the owners or employees? I think that the restaurant owners need to sort through some of these questions and establish a more concrete identity for the establishment. They also need to improve some of their dishes, especially the ones that are so pricey. I will definitely go back for the margaritas during happy hour, pre-band hours, but I probably won't spring for the food again.
I was craving breakfast, we were outta eggs, and I've heard some good things about this place, so here goes:It's strange that a place this good is in such a weird area (I actually had to map it; it's almost a blink-and-you'll-miss-it kinda place). It's like their real estate agent played a trick on them or something. I'm forever grateful for amazing little spots like this living in the meth-y part of Deer Valley as I do. Having only been here on the weekend so far maybe I'm wrong, but it wasn't too busy and that's a shame since their product is so good.These are some TASTY bagels! Crisp out the outside (especially crispy after toasting) and soft and chewy inside, really perfect all around. I ordered an Everything Bagel with egg and bacon and it really did me in, all lip-smackin' and teeth pickin'. I see that some other reviewers are fond of buying a dozen or so and stocking up their freezers, which is an excellent idea. I also ordered a coffee and it was FREE because it was before 11am and I was buying a sandwich. Awesome deal!I would dish out 5 stars if they had a full-on barista instead of the Farmer Bros. pump action coffee, but hey, nobody's perfect.
I stumbled across this place by accident with a co worker of mine. I noticed it had a fifties vibe but was names flaming kabob. I had to try it. I am a sucker for Arabic food. I was married to an Arab so I know great Arabic food. I actually love to find little holes in the wall like this and be pleasantly surprised. The service is nothing to write home about, but it wasn't bad. The prices were good. I ordered a shawarma sandwich and thought it was wonderful. I don't think I have had it that good in Phoenix yet. Maybe a fluke? Don't know, only been once so far. Some of the reviews below crack me up. Someone said the hummus needed spice? Um sorry, but hummus does not have spice it!! It's chickpeas, tahini, fresh garlic, salt, olive oil and lemon. I loved what I ate and if I am ever in the area again would definitely eat here.
We wanted to love this place because it is close to home...unfortunately it just isn't great. We kept going back hoping the food would get better. It just didn't improve- the food is mediocre and bland...definitely over priced for what you're getting. Sorry BLD! We wanted to like it!
As stated below, the food at Spotted Donkey is amazing. The help is friendly, but unobtrusive. I ordered the Chicken Burritos, and the waitress asked if I'd like to try one chicken and one beef instead. I accepted and it was amazing. Had a chocolate cake/hot fudge desert which was incredible too.
When I first came here I thought the food was really good. Then it got worse everytime I came there.The rolls kept coming out soggy and cold and these were the tempura ones. When I asked them why the fried roll was ice cold, he said " it must have come out of the fridge last" WTFWhy would it be in the fridge? I kept asking him and he looked at me like I was an alien. It was the opposite of fresh. You dont fry stuff then put it in a fridge, needless to say my girlfriend and I were lucky we have two bathrooms at our house.
To parapphrase the newspaper review that proudly stands on the counter of this quaint restaurant, "Don't come here, because if you to start coming regularly, this place is small enough where there won't be enough room for me."Delicious!The food is great, the prices even better.  3 Large Empanadas for $5.95?  It can't be beat.The Ecuadorian Ceviche is a wonderful dish to order and share.  It comes in a large heavy glass goblet, almost theatrical, but if you want to impress some people, this is definitely fun to order.
I am not really a big fan of pizza, even less so of mediocre ones. Right now my stomach is unhappy with me over my impulse choice for lunch.  The peperoni pizza I got was lukewarm, greasy and chewy.  Flavor wasn't too bad.There is no inside seating, the one time one of my employees went over to get lunch for the crew she had to wait outside.  So it is take out or delivery only.  They (crew) did say they thought the subs were better than the pizza and both of them like pizza.So how did I end up consuming a 12" pizza for lunch?  Every so often in the late morning one of their drivers comes through the complex offering pizzas for $6.00 (used to be $5).  That really is a pretty good price for a delivered one topping pizza.  Selling door to door like that I didn't even think about a tip and after eating the pizza I didn't feel bad about it.  You do have to admit it is a pretty good marketing scheme to hit up industrial areas just before lunch.  I think he only starts with 10-12 pies so they cannot get too cold before he is done.  I usually pass and will for quite a while yet now.
Let's play a little word association. I'm going to mention two words to you and you gage your reaction.Chicken and waffles.Was your reaction "ew?" If so, go ahead and skip this review and go wait for a table at Chili's because Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles is not for you.If your reaction was "Oh HELLLL Yeah!" then head on over the South Phoenix for some of the best soul food Phoenix has to offer. Definitely not health conscious food, but if you are gonna cheat on your diet, Lo-Lo's would be the place to do it. The fried chicken is crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. The sides are tasty and plentiful. The waffles are out of this world. By far the best waffles I've ever had. The red velvet cake is dense and moist.
This place has the MOST comfortable comfort food I have ever tried.... My night ended in a food coma. So there.We walked in and were seated right away. I love the feel of this place. Warm, welcome, quirky, and just the kind of place I really enjoy. I notice a few large windows near a sofa. Sparce soft lighting. Different wooden tables. A strip of wood panels on the ceiling. Plenty of bar seating.  Art on the walls. What more can a girl like me ask for?Food, that's what. Oh and a beverage!David approached our table to tell us about the drink specials and then gave us a few minutes to decide. We decided on a couple dark and stormies.... Best I've ever had. Really.We placed our order for food and just to have it come out as it was ready. First came the cheese curds. My favorite bar food. Lightly beer battered, seasoned to perfection and delicious!  Next came the mac and cheese. Saucy, creamy, rich and well seasoned. Covered in proscutto, bread crumbs, and lobstah! I have a weakness for really good mac and cheese. This one is way, way up there. Then our chicken and waffles came out! Three crispy pieces of fried chicken perfectly scortched and well seasoned greenbeans and a huge sweet, flaky waffle smothered in butter. Finally it was desert time. David told us that the deserts change every few weeks and named what was available. We chose the Brazilian banana bread pudding. This desert was perfect. My friend and I shared these plates. Don't try to conquer all of them on your own. You will really end up in a real food coma. So. Much. Good. Food. I might still be in said food coma...Xx,Reesie
My first review on yelp is Lola's in Phoenix (another favorite) and it is certainly not to be mistaken for Lo-lo's. This soul food joint is one of the best in the country - it has a proper back-kitchen, cafeteria feel to it, friendly service and hands down the best waffles and chicken anywhere. There is something uniquely cinnamonny in the syrup that makes the perfect topper to their waffle; the chicken is deep fried, the grits waiting to swim in butter, the lemonade cool and sweet on a hot Phoenix day. Your doctor may not like you going here, but your stomach certainly will.Find an odd hour to go; Sunday mornings are always particularly packed with the post-church crowd and it's harder than usual to find a seat. Chicken and waffles are good any time of the day.And a last note - get a t-shirt, wear it around and see just how unusual the idea of chicken and waffles is to the non soul food loving masses.
In an unlucky turn of events, I ended up having a grand experience with my new favorite, Grimaldi's. More of my reviews lately have began with me aimed for one place and ending up at another, and I'll start with "this one isn't any different." Maybe it's a trend, maybe it's indecisive decision making, or maybe it's just plain old coincidence. Mostly because I don't believe in fate; I'll go with coincidence, but for those of you who mystify the universe in a shroud of hocus pocus, wizardry, and magic then feel free to call it fate.While I make the claim of "My New Favorite" I'm not really comparing it to much outside of oreganos, humble pie, upper crust, and streets of new york. I've yet to visit bianco, cibo, and plenty other wild-west, pizza slingers round these parts.Earlier this week I planed my birthday lunch at Cibo in Downtown PHX. A calorie and carb packed, delicious birthday meal. Much to my dismay, a quick pre-lunch look at the Cibo menu (on their website), seemed to be lacking a certain sauce and cheese covered, carbo loaded delight. After a call in confirming this fear, a fast yelping finger pointed me to Grimaldi's in Scottsdale. It didn't hurt that they had also sent me a voucher for free birthday pizza; I guess my wife signed me up for their email list. :-)On Sunday afternoon; even though they were busily serving plenty of customers, there was no wait. I placed an order with the server for a manhattan while I checked out their menu. Regretfully I had to send my drink back, it tasted more like straight whiskey, and bottom shelf at that. I decided to go with the house red wine in stead; which was decent and chilled, a bit odd for a red, but it worked out well.We dined on a large meatball, ricotta pizza and a large mediterranean salad. The salad was huge, big enough for 3 people to share, and each end up with 2 portions. The pizza came out with a perfectly crisped crust, evenly distributed slices or meatball and ricotta, and was delicious!We finished off our meal sharing a blueberry cheese cake AND a canolie, it was my birthday after all. I cant say that I've had many canolies in my life, but if they're all this good, there will be an eternal place in my heart set aside for these delectible deserts.Happy dining friends, and godspeed to all your yelping fingers!
Yum, can you say great steak?This is another of my father's favorite haunts after the car races at Manzanita.  Back in his day they did not serve alcohol and he and his racing cronies would bring their own bottles.My first trip here was over 40 years ago when they still had the stockyards next door.  Worst imaginable smell in the world greeted my nostrils when we got out of the car and rushed inside.  Once inside the only aroma was that of sizzling steak.The stockyards are long gone but the steaks are still there.
Dear Mr. Fez,Please offer your restaurant skills to other establishments in the Valley, they desperately need your help.  Perhaps you could write a book on how to make your food, service, and restaurant atmosphere not suck.  I'm sure you'd have to include many pictures and only use small words because most other restaurateurs are feeble minded.This world is not fair. There is only one FEZ but 10,000 crappy chain restaurants, all of which suck.Please keep doing what you do and hopefully it will rub off on a few other places in Arizona.Thank you,Satisfied Costumer.
On my quest to visit all the yelp high star places in my hood I stopped by LoLo's today.  I would have never known this place exsisted if it wasn't for yelp.  I had the Betty Boop which is 1 breast and 1 waffle.  The hubs had Sheedah's Special - a breast a wing and a waffle. Since I've never had chicken AND waffles before I had no basis for comparison.  The chicken was a little on the dry side but I really liked the flavor.  The first bites of the waffle kinda reminded me of a frozen waffle but I quickly got past that with the cinnamon, buttery flavors. The iced tea was super good and I love that they serve them in Kerr jars so we didn't require any refills.  Oh!  I almost forgot the grits... because they're forgettable.  I've lived in the south and grits never grew on me.  It's been so long since I tried them and the reviews were stellar; I thought I'd give them a second chance.  I'm sorry grits but if that much butter and cheese can't make you taste good, nothing can.The service was excellent.  Very quick.  Everyone was pleasant except for the hostess.  When we told the server it was our first time there she gave us a free piece of red velvet cake.  Very moist with a cream cheese frosting and walnuts on top.
My mom and I went to Si Senor tonight on a whim.  We coudn't find the place we were looking for and she wanted Mexican.  Someone had mentioned this place a while back.  Well I'm gonna have to tell this person off!  JK... I can't hold her accountable, she just has horrible taste in Mexican food.We both ordered  the #1, tamale, relleno, enchilada, taco.  Its all served on one big plate, covered in either red or green sauce.  Oh and a pile of "chile con carne".  If you need to cover the entire plate with tons of sauce something is probably wrong.  You get a large pool of beans covered in... you guessed it - CHEESE! and some mediocre rice.  I wouldn't have minded all this cheese or sauce if what was under it all tasted good.  The relleno was fried to death, greasy and flavorless.  The tamale was ok, but I only had 2 bites.  I think that may have been from your grocers freezer.  The "beef taco" was ground beef!  WTF?  Okay, we make these at home because we grew up on a budget and we had to do what we had to do.  But we never called them beef tacos.  WHY? Because beef tacos are SHREDDED BEEF that has been slow roasted or braised with chile and spices.  Ground beef tacos are "hamburger tacos".  Ejole!  BUT, again, I wouldn't have minded if it at least had some flavor!  You're killin me smalls!  The beans?  Just fucking sad... brown ooze topped with melted cheese. Clearly from a can. Didn't taste the enchilada cuz I couldn't stomach any more damn sauce and the chile con carne looked like, well...canned.I do have a couple good things to say:  The chips and salsa were good. I enjoyed the red salsa and the sour cream dip.  Good thing I always get carried away with the chips and salsa or I would've gone home hungry.  The sopapilla at the end of the meal was good.  Fried dough covered in sugar and cinnamon - you can't go wrong.  I have to say, the waitress was really friendly and accommodating.  My point here is, its okay if you're not the most authentic (and I know everyone's opinion might differ on the way any one dish "should" be prepared) as long as you're putting out fresh flavorful food, you're doing okay.  I hate to write such a bad review, but I have to be honest.  I should have gone to the taco shop down the street on Ray and Warner (Taqueria Mi Casita).  They have real (Mexican) food and I would've saved about half the bill!
Eh, the Beach House is okay, but not great.  The pork tasted like carnitas, but without the crunchy edges (it's baked).  The fish taco was a little dry.  The red beef taco was probably the best, but I still didn't love it.  Sure, it's cheap, but when I want a taco, I want a better taco than this.  Their salsa was pretty good, and the hot sauce selection was appreciated, but that's not really enough to bring me back.  The Two Hippies are better at burgers than "Mexican" food, IMHO.
Oh China Lite you disappoint me over and over again. Every once in awhile I want to TRY and eat a little healthier than I am naturally inclined, so I will head over to China Lite, as it's close to my workplace. And every time I am disappointed with the lack of flavor, high prices, and tiny portions. I've tried the chow mein(bland and tasteless), the Chang's chicken (boring), the chicken broccoli (mediocore at best). There are so many fantastic Chinese spices but these guys evidently aren't familiar with them. I guess maybe their food is marginally healthier than other places, but c'mon folks you can do better! Decor and atmosphere is standard for strip-mall Chinese, and the place seems clean enough, but I never feel full or satisfied when I leave.
We used to really like this place, but lately they keep disappointing us.  Good things:  They have all night drink specials, so if the game goes past happy hour, its not a big deal.  Lots of TVs, good atmosphere, good food, never overly busy to accomodate a group.  Their food is pretty good and drink prices are fair.  Some of the wait staff are nice.Bad things: They've changed their menu a little bit so some things aren't included in happy hour appetizers anymore- throw some chicken tenders or something in there please.  A girl can only eat so many chips.  They need to get more beers on tap- that's just weird for a sports bar.But my biggest complaint.  If I'm coming to a sports bar, it's to watch a game.  Don't take 15 minutes to get it on the TV.  And if there is a group of 5-10 people sitting in front of a TV cheering on our team, don't change my channel.  This has happened a couple times at this place.  And it's not like there aren't a million other TVs that nobody is watching- this place isn't that busy.  They need to get a more organized process for managing the TVs.  Most sports bars walk up to the TV, point at it, and ask if anyone would mind if they change it....sounds fairly simple.  And seriously, if we start screaming when you change the TV, don't fill 5 people's beers before you put my game back on.
Friend said, hey they have the best wings in town.  Mmmm.  I go wherever the wing compass points me and I will eat no wing before its time!Cheesy atmosphere, Hooters girl very immature, she was spending most of her time with what was obviously her friends eating there.  The girls looked skanky, like Highlighter rejects.  Or young white trash trailer mom's in training.  But I don't care much for the so called hotties, I was there to get my wing on.  Then the wings came out, devoid of any sauce, and I ordered medium.  (And the wings are not cut, you get the whole damn wing, I hate that.  I like wings and drummettes not the whole thing).The waitress was no where to be seen for some time, so I called over the manager he got me my sauce and that quieted me for a bit.  Place looked dirty, could smell cigarette smoke from behind the glass doors that gives way to a patio for some very wasted frat looking tards.Horrible wings, stupid sexist concept, overall cruddy experience.
Al-Hana makes me sad for one reason: I am so in love with the falafel that I still haven't had a chance to try their world-famous cheese pizza thingies.For the uninitiated, Al-Hana is the restaurant that occupies one corner of Baiz Market, the amazing Middle Eastern grocery at 20th and Roosevelt.If you want amazing food, period, you gotta eat here. The pitas are baked in-house and they are amazing. flavorful, soft, just chewy enough, and perfect. The falafel is seasoned perfectly and fried to a crunchy perfection. The babaganouj is impressive, as is the Hummus. The only thing I am not 100% in love with is the Tabbouleh, which is just a tad short on lemon flavor for my taste. If you're feeling like a salad, I would recommend the fettoush salad instead, as it is an unexpected delight.The set up is a bit on the disorganized side: The menu board is an incomprehensible mess, so you're better off asking for a menu, or even better, describing what you want to the helpful staff. The food does take a bit of time, so feel free to explore the market while you wait.Al-Hana is a great place to take people who think that Phoenix is just a city full of Macaroni Grills and Cheesecake Factories. They will be surprised at what unique, authentic spots we have here in town....but you might want to warn them about the whole goat in the butcher department first.
Nothing sticks out about Saketini that makes it great, so I'm not sure why the average rating is so high.My friend and I got there on a Monday night around 5:45. The place was dark and practically empty. I started getting panicky that we would not get our orders in before happy hour ended at 6. The server came and brought us water at 5:50 and then didn't come back until right before 6. We made happy hour, but barely. I don't know why the server was taking her time - there was one other table so it's not like it was busy. Hate when people make me nervous.Anyway, to the rolls. They have a huge list of specialty rolls, but 95 percent of them are deep-fried, baked, stuffed with cheap imitation crab or cali rolls. Only a few had fresh fish in them. So far, not impressed. We ordered the spicy salmon and tuna, which were big, chunky and quite spicy. I was happy with these. I ordered a Dbacks specialty roll which was tasty but not amazing. My friend and I shared the Mermaid, which was half price after 6:30, and that was OK. Again, nothing to write home about. Specialty rolls range from $8-12, but they're stuffed with the cheap stuff, so I don't know if they're worth it.In the end, we had 5 rolls, no drinks and the bill came out to $35, which, if the quality was superb, I would not have had a problem with. I don't think I'd go back, it just wasn't worth it.
Service experiences have been mixed:  the bartender was courteous, however, we have often been rushed.  When picking up a to-go order the hostess/cashier was clearly annoyed at my questions and rude in her responses.  For instance, why are the prices listed on the to-go menu different or less than what I am being charged?  Yes, I understand that the register is ringing them up that way and repeating that 2x doesn't make it ok.  Sometimes it's how you handle a situation that makes all the difference.  On top of the service issues, the pizzas always look and smell great upon arrival, but they have been disappointing the last couple of times.  Great selection of toppings and variety of pizzas, HOWEVER, it does you no good when you can't taste them with wet dough.  With the last couple of pies i've had here they've been soggy despite crispy crusts.  I also tried reheating the take-out pizzas in the oven to crisp them up but it was to no avail.  Very disappointing - it seems like they still haven't resolved their dough issues.
Sourdough lox bagels with onions, tomatoes and capers with European roast coffee.  We miss their fresh squeezed OJ, but "from concentrate" is not too bad.  EB is even better than Wolfgang Puck's in LAX.
How they do it, I don't know, but their waffles, which must be the best on the planet, don't even really need syrup.  Not that syrup hurts.  I think it's all the butter that ends up on everything.  The fried chicken really can't be beat either, but I just can't stop thinking about those waffles.If I lived next door, I'd have to exercise about four hours a day to burn those 50,000 calories.This from their website: "Since Lo-Lo's has been open they've offered catering service for the likes of the Arizona Cardinals, Angie Stone, Mary J. Blige, Anthony Hamilton, the Whispers, Snoop Dogg, Allen Iverson, Steve Francis, and members of the Chicago Cubs. ... Shawn Marion, whose birthday cake was made at Lo-Lo's, calls Sandy Sand's Red Velvet Cake one of his favorites."I don't know how I didn't make the list, but count me in.
I really struggled over whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.  We went here for happy hour and dinner yesterday and ate at the bar.  They're officially open at 5pm, we got there at 4:30 and said we could go to the bar and hang out/drink until the kitchen opens.5 Stars for the happy hour prices.  Half off beer, wine, and martinis.  My partner ordered a Kirin Draft ($3).  I decided to go down the list of Martinis.  I apologize for not making it through the ENTIRE list, but I did pretty good for the two hours we were there:Hibiya-tini - reminded me of that cucumber water you get at the spa (with alcohol).  It's made with Shochu, which I guess is Japan's lower octane version of Vodka.  Very light and refreshing.Ropponngi Fizz - Slightly sweeter than tha Hiyatini. More of an orange flavor.  Equally as light and refreshing.  Geisha-tini - Japan's version of the Cosmo.  VERY berry.  There were literally berries in the martini glass.  A little sweet for me.Sake-tini - Very good.  More of a grapefruit taste.  It had this interesting, almost smoky flavor.  All of them were very light... you could barely taste the alcohol.  By the Saki-tini it was pretty clear the alcohol was in there -- it's just hidden well.Okay.. so during this we order food.  The sushi was pretty underwhelming.  We were talking about it as we left and decided it was about on par with Ra, and maybe not quite as good -- and I'm not a huge Ra fan.  Our Order:Edamame - nothing terribly special.  My favorite was at D'Vine in Mesa.. did not compare.Tuna Takaki - Maybe a tad overcooked.  Basically ahi tuna and soy sauce.  Taneko CA Roll - Was pretty good.  Again, on par with Ra.  Spicy Tuna Roll - "   "BBQ Eel - Off their main menu.  It was just O.K.  The specialty rolls at Ra were better.Bottom line.  Service and drink prices are 5 stars.  Sushi.. maybe 3 1/2 stars.  Reading some of the reviews we might go back here and try their dinner entrees next time.  It's definitely a GREAT spot to start the night with some drinks.
Seriously.....F*** this place!  Disgusting food and shitty service, ambience is great if you like to dine in a hot cellar engulfed in stagnated air.  Truly it is over rated, over priced, and they just under deliver.  Forget trying to order a drink here, it will take forever to get and when it finally does arrive you will be ready to pass out from heat exhaustion and lack of oxygen.  How's that for a head change, you don't even have to pay for it!I won't disgust you with the detailed review of everything I have tried here, but to make it simple, it all sucks!  And after you get the bill you will be walking out with a sore ass!  Save your money and spare your self the disappointment.
Ok so this is by far my favorite resturant ever! How can you not love a burrito filled with jade chicken, and one meal is enough to feed two people.
UPDATED:  After a massive headache and feeling MSG-sick for four hours, I called and asked if they use the stuff.  I was told after a quick hesitation that yes, they do in some dishes, however they will leave it out if you make the request upon ordering.  Just a heads up, but it's still losing two stars.I just ate at China Chili for the first time since their grand move from Central Avenue.  These people are efficient as hell.  Menu, drink, soup, food, bill, out you go all before you can seem to completely read the brief lunch menu.  It's quite nice for a quick lunch when nothing else in the area sounds appealing.The lunch special menu highlights your typical offerings: Orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken, Mongollon beef, ad nauseam.  The dinner menu is more extensive, but I suspect I'll never make it here during dinner hours and cannot report on such matters.The food offered at lunch is good, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.  The flavors were alright, the price perfect, the portions great, it's just "nothin' to write home about". Need a quick, cheap, hot lunch?  This may do the trick.
Brio has catered a few events that I have gone to in the last few years. Always fantastic food. But, I had never been in the restaurant itself before.I came here with my  daughter for lunch. I was not hungry till the next morning.There is lots of covered parking in the garage. Which is really nice for starters.The restaurant itself is beautiful inside. You can eat on the patio or inside .The hostess greeted us immediately  and gave us a wonderful booth.I was drinking hot tea, but my daughter had a few cocktails. A Bellini which was frozen (a little different) but,she said it was good. Also a Basil gimlet, which she said was OK.The food was really the best! I got Lobster Bisque soup which that alone was a full meal. Then I got crab cakes they came with vegetables. Wow, very tasty and more than I could eat. My daughter got a salad, and Pasta Pompadour with Eggplant.Again way too much and she took most  of it to go.Food was fantastic, service was very good.Too bad it is so far away from me. But, I never mind driving. It is a win win day or night out here. Plus they play fabulous Italian music!
OK, got my torta fix! Al Pastor was killer, never had a chance to eat here when it was under the original owners. With that being said the food was good. Ordered a torta and rolled tacos, taquitos. 5 came to an order and had melted cheese on top. Served with a side of guac creme as well. All for around $8 bucks. The place sits inside a gas station, it was dead at 11am, and tables were empty. Are there other place in the valley of the sun for better Mexican food? Sure. However why not support the local joint down on the corner that does serve straight forward great tasting Mexican food! If you are in the area check this place out! Maybe the owner from my last post should come here and see how a true Torta is made!!!!!!
Chicken and Waffles DO NOT BELONG TOGETHER. Ew.I understand that the world probably thinks I am the scum of the earth for giving Lo-Lo's such a low rating, however, I cannot bring myself to like greasy, nasty food.Why is the Kool-aid flavored red? Why is it not called "Cherry"? These are the questions that haunt my dreams. Not only do I hate the food here, but why is it in the middle of no where? I had so much trouble finding it.You may be wondering why I even bothered to come here in the first place... good question. It is safe to assume that I will NEVER step foot in this door again.
It's been open for approximately 2 months and they have a bit more to do to impress me. Upon entering it took a few minutes of us waiting at the front to finally be acknowledged and greeted. There's a hostess area, but no hostess.We wanted something light, easy, and fast. We ordered a pizza special that included a drink, slice of pizza, and a salad. The pizza came out re-warmed and dry. I was not happy about them passing off fresh, gourmet pizza with a re-warm in the toaster oven appeal (I've re-warmed enough pizzas in my time that I know it when I see it). I asked the server about it and he admitted that it was not fresh and that they would make us fresh slices. The new pizza came out 10-15 minutes later and it was a stark difference compared to the initial slice. The pizza was freshly baked (not freshly made by hand) and the cheese was delicious. Some helpful tips:1. Do us both a favor and get it right the first time. You only have one chance to make a good first impression. Unfortunately, the initial impression I have of this establishment is disappointment. If you know you were giving out old pizza, why do it? Especially when you are a new business and you are building your reputation.2. If you advertise "gourmet" be it. The quality of the pizza was ordinary. If you were to advertise as a regular pizza joint, I would think you were great. However, since you say you are "gourmet" you have missed the mark entirely. Gourmet to me is handmade and extraordinary with toppings and spices and I didn't see that.3. Same line of thought...if you advertise "organic wheat crust" use it. My crust was an ordinary white flour crust. The two main reasons (gourmet and organic wheat crust) I picked this restaurant instead of the one next door were the very things that I didn't end up experiencing. The service was okay. The restaurant itself is in a great location and is decorated very nice! I think this place has great potential, it's just getting the form and function to align (be consistent in your advertising message with the product you give to your consumer).
Decided to meet some friends today for lunch...and frankly, heard enough about it to make me want to try it.Really, the only thing that earned the stars for me was the waitress.  She was funny, just engaging enough, and she actually made me feel as if she was interested in talking to me.  The fries were okay - but unlike the other reviews, I didn't taste much in them.  I'm okay with a meal like this (blatantly unhealhy) once in a while...but this really wasn't worth the trouble.Maybe I am spoiled, but the burger was tasteless and the bun was soaked in butter but not toasted.  I really enjoy Diet Coke with any meal (I know, I know...not unhealthy) and had to settle for water.  The fries were not cooked through (you know, when they are hard in the middle but soft on the outside)...and just not worth it.And, really, I hate the "cash only" places.  I'll skip it next time.
The stock of cupcake flavors seemed to be running low when I popped in, (not surprising since it was half an hour before closing). DON'T PANIC. The lovely cupcake girls announced that while they might not be visible in the display case, at least 10 varieties (those on the board with a dot by them) were back in the kitchen and could easily be frosted if any of us customers so desired. Cupcake crisis averted.But the best part about my visit was getting a free red velvet cupcake for mentioning the Twitter secret code: "sugar rush." Follow http://twitter.com/sprinklescupcks and you'll be in the know too for their next freebie.Oh, did I mention they also have the cutest website? And seasonal flavors too, including for Passover, Cinco de Mayo and Mother's Day this month. I'm headed up this weekend for some Key Lime perfection.
Let me just preface this review by saying, I really really didn't want to like Pizzeria Bianco because of all the hype I have heard about it. Unfortunately (or fortunately I suppose), I actually did like Pizzeria Bianco. While I cannot say it was the best pizza I have ever ate, it was good and I walked away a pleasantly full and happy gal.To avoid having my opinion of Pizzeria Bianco swayed one way or the other by a potential 3 hour wait, and since I don't feel like any food is worthy of a 3 hour wait, I went with a group of 6 friends and made a reservation. My biggest advice if you are going to make a reservation, make it way before the date you want to go! It took three times calling for a reservation before I got one...last night the hostess shed some light on why...they only take one reservation for each time slot. If you do decide to go without a reservation, take advantage of drinks and apps beforehand at either Bar Bianco or Rose and Crown!Pizzeria Bianco is small and tables are very close together, so if you don't like dining almost on top of the table next to you, I suggest skipping this place. Our waiter was friendly and provided good service most of the night. Coke comes in the old fashioned bottles and the alcohol selection is a bit small, but I guess the focus is really the food. Our group started with an order of the spiedini (fontina wrapped in prosciutto) and an order of the tomato and mozzarella as appetizers. Definitely if you are with a group, order at least two of the spiedini, as it only comes with two skewers which only affords each person a very small bite. The tomato and mozzarella fed our group easily, so one order for a group of 6 should be fine. The tomatoes were so fresh and juicy, and the mozzarella was super fresh as well...all and all, it was probably the best caprese I have had. Both appetizers were winners with our group. We also went through two plates of the bread and olive oil before our pizzas arrived...my only complaint was that I prefer when restaurants put a bit of seasoning in the olive oil to kick the flavor up a bit.We ordered five pizzas...2 Biancoverdes, 1 Margherita, 1 Rosa, and 1 Sonny Boy. We probably should have just gone with four pizzas, but with five, we had leftovers for some people to take home. I really enjoyed the Biancoverde and the Margherita, although the Biancoverde was by far the heaviest of the pizzas and had intense flavors. It had a bit too much argula for my liking, but it was very good. The margherita was simple, yet tasted very fresh and had a good cheese to tomato ratio, which is very important in my book for a quality Margherita. The Rosa and Sonny Boy were hits with our group as well, although I think the Sonny Boy was probably the least favorite of the four kinds we ordered. For the two appetizers, five pizzas, a glass of wine, a coke, double expresso, and a cappucino, our bill came to $111...when we added in the tip, each person in our party of 6 paid $22. I thought that was incredibly reasonable and actually much less than I had been planning to spend.There were a few negatives about my Pizzeria Bianco experience:1. Parking - the lot for PB customers was full when I arrived at 5:30 pm, so I was directed to the garage on 5th Street which was fine. However, even after getting my ticket validated at PB, it still cost me $3 to park. Not a huge thing, but I think that people turned away from the lot (which is free) should be told that they will still have to pay to park at the garage, just at a discounted rate.2. When we arrived at 6:30 (time of our reservation), we had to wait for 15 minutes for a table. Granted, not a three hour wait, but it just irks me a bit when you have reservations for a specific time and then are still made to wait.3. The table of two guys next to us were asked to leave by the hostess...she told them they could finish their beers outside or next door, but they had to leave so a party of two could be seated at their table. I have never heard of something like that happening before. Our group was a bit shocked and as my friend said, "I guess to be a hostess here you need to have quite a pair". 4. After we got our check, we waited over 15 minutes for someone to take it and bring the change (we paid in cash). Our waiter never actually came and got it...the hostess overheard us wondering when someone was going to come and get our money, so she picked it up and handled it for us. The funny thing was that there was a group waiting for our table outside! Overall, I would say Pizzeria Bianco is a 3.5 star establishment, but I'm giving it 4 stars (Yelp really needs half stars!) because the food exceeded my expectations in terms of quality and freshness, and our group walked away quite happy with our dining experience despite a few hiccups.
It was 10:45 Saturday morning and I wanted coffee. I knew of a place right down the street from me and to my disappointment it was closed! WTF! Any way I went searching for a cafe. I wanted to sit down and read the new times with a cup of coffee. I actually started my journey thinking I would stop at the drip. But when i got there that place just seemed to modern for me. I was in a funky mood and just wanted a nice cup of coffee, nothing fancy. So I saw an older man waving a sign that said "Best lunch in town!" and he was kind of dancing too! And I said to myself "Yes, i think I will". So I stumbled upon MacAlpines. They had just opened and I sat right down at the counter. I had two cups of yummy diner coffee and after realizing I was hungry too, I ordered a stuffed tomato that was oh so yummy with super fresh veggies. The decor was adorable and welcoming and I loved the juke box. 25 cents gets you two plays! anyway, I'm not giving it four stars because it took some time for the staff to warm up and be friendly. I don't know if it was just because they had just opened or if it was because I was still sleeping and needed a caffeine fix badly. But I want to go again, with company, not by myself and I'll rate it again.
Love: the pizza and the atmosphere.  I have tried four of the pizzas. My favorite by far is the avocado pizza. May sound odd, but it's good. I also like the Veg-o-rama. The Rocket Man claims to be "SPICY" but was not spicy at all when I ordered it. Mushroom Party is superb as well, the fennel really makes this one memorable.The crust is really good. The pizzas are on the small side, you could probably scarf one all by yourself, but I recommend going with a group and ordering a variety so you can try all the funky combinations. Service is good, parking is hell on earth for dinner and all day on the weekends.  But like another reviewer said, if you know this going in, you'll be okay.
Cornish Pasty Company1941 W. Guadalupe RoadMesa, ArizonaWe arrived on a Friday night at 6:00 as a party of 14. Probably not the most fair thing to do since I knew I was going to review the restaurant, yet it didn't phase them in the least. While they take no reservations, they treated us courteously, and seated us after a short wait.This is not the quietest place to eat at, as a lot of it has to do with the bar, which is very conducive to friendly chit chat, but overlooking that, it's quite a charming place. There is seating outside, as well as in church pews inside, which makes for a cozy atmosphere as well as the possibility of having new conversations with people you have never met - something that Americans are not used to, but is very common in the rest of the world.Everyone ordered soft drinks except for myself. I ordered a Strongbow to see if it was what I remembered from the U.K., and it was no different at all. A true hard cider with good flavor of apples.For my main course, I ordered the Oggie, a mixture of steak, potato, onion and rutabaga, served in a pastry crust with a small cruet of red wine gravy. ($8.00) . I was instantly transported back to the U.K. with my first bite. It had great depth of flavor, and the red wine sauce was absolute dynamite. An excellent dish! I also ordered a side of Mushy Peas ($2.75) and a side of Baked Beans ($2.50). The peas had nice flavor and were exactly as served in England, but I didn't care for the Baked Beans. There seemed to be an odd flavor associated with them that was off putting and which everyone agreed was not very tasty. Other members of our party ordered the Italian, the Porky (pronounced as orgasmic), the Shepherds Pie, the Reuben (good corned beef), the Chicken Greek (said to be very tasty), and the Lamb Vindaloo (usually very spicy, but apparently toned down here for American palates). Two of our party ordered the Pilgrim, which is roasted turkey, sweet potatoes, grilled onions, stuffing and red wine gravy. One pronounced it terrific, while the other didn't care for it.The menu also includes a nice assortment of vegetarian dishes as well.Most people didn't have room for dessert, but a few did, with almost everyone sharing. One of the desserts was Banoffee Pie - a graham cracker crust, homemade caramel, whipped cream and fresh bananas. It was interesting to note that the whipped cream was unsweetened. When mixed with the other ingredients, it picked up it's sweetness from them and tended to tone down the overall sweetness of the dish - a wonderful idea of what would otherwise have been an overly sweet dessert.The other dessert that was ordered was the Apple Caramel Pasty - a kind of apple turnover pie crammed full of apples and cinnamon and covered with a homemade caramel sauce and served with a large scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream. Nothing could have been better, especially since the caramel wasn't too sweet.Considering how crowded the place was, service was not too bad, and certainly could have been a lot worse.Perhaps the only fault I could find was with the ladies room. The paper bin was full to the top, and the rolls of paper were scattered around instead of being in holders. I have been in nicer restrooms in other restaurants.Overall, this was a wonderful eating experience, with several authentic dishes on the menu as well as some creative ones. I recommend it highly and give it 4 stars.
Wholly Grill is no longer alone in the Mekong Plaza food court, as the other eateries finally opened during the Moon Festival. But the food is just as delicious as before and the service just as friendly. I had an overpowering craving for pancit palabok today and made the trek to Mesa to try Wholly Grill's version of it. It was wonderfully authentic: rice noodles generously bathed in a thick savory annatto-hued shrimp sauce, with tender shrimp, crunchy bits of crushed chicharon (pork rinds) and flakes of tinapa (smoked fish) -- Filipino comfort food like no other! Of course I had to pair it with gulaman at sago, a popular Filipino cold drink sweetened with panocha brown sugar and with cubes of gulaman (flavored agar) and tapioca balls.  The meal reminded me of the scene in the Disney movie Ratatouille, where the food critic took a bite of the food and was immediately transported to his mother's table when he was a child, eating her delicious cooking. That was pretty much like my experience today.
We ate there this past weekend and I the food was top notch.  The value for the dollar seems to be a bit lacking.  $10 for hummus was about 1/2 what it could/should have been.  It tasted wonderful but $10 was too steep.  The lamb shanks my wife ordered were $23 and again, great taste but quite expensive for what you got.  Apple Martini was $10 and a Stella Artois on tap was about the same.The one thing I really didn't like was the very loud music.  Seemed to 80's and kind of affected the mood.  I almost felt I was shouting over the music.  The service was good and the food was very savory.  If you are looking for something unique, this is definitely worth a consideration.
- Italian Beef Sandwich (Could use some Improvement) - Maxwell Street Polish Dog (Not Approved)- French Fries (As good as they get)- Burgers ( Have yet to try, but they look like the one thing that this place does right)Chicago Style Italian Beef sandwiches don't seem to have much competition in this town. My two top restaurants for authentic Italian Beef sandwiches remain as Luke's of Chicago, and the recently opened, Chicago's Taylor Street.I gave Lobbys a shot on three seperate occasions. I met the owner and we talked for quite some time on the first visit. He is a very nice guy, and seemed to speak of his burgers as being his main focus and signature menu item.As for the Italian Beef at this locaiton, he states that he slow cooks and seasons it himself. The beef isn't bad, but it seems to be lacking the full flavor of his competitors in town. The bread is a great selection, the juice that the beef is cooked in seems rather watered down and again lacks flavor. I always order a side of this hot juice to pour over the sandwich as you would a french dip with au jus.The giardanara is another big player in the outcome of the sandwich and unfortunately he uses the standard Vienna Beef giardanara. I think that he could really improve the flavor of the sandwich with a better house made or higher quality pickled giardanara than the one that he is currently using.So for the Italian beef sandwich sandwich, I'm going to leave this as the, "I'm starving to death and closer to this location than one of the competitors", choice that I would only resort to in a pinch.The Maxwell Street Polish is an even bigger disappointment, as it's simply a processed hot dog like, precooked Polish Link as you would buy in the hot dog section at the grocery store. The other competitors that I speak of in town, use a real Polish, Italian, or Brat link as you would purchase from a butcher counter. I would never order this type of sausage from any establishment unless it were Weinerschnitzel..lolNow to the French Fries, I think that they are as good as they could possibly be. He also offers a signature sauce for them, it seems to be an aioli of some sort and is very tasty. However the fries are great with a little salt and nothing else as well.I hate to see the lack of competition with what others offer in this town. I think that he could certainly gain a great deal of respect and pull in some loyal customers who look for and appreciate an authentic Chicago Italian Beef Sandwich or Sausage that would typically be offered by an establishment of this type.Check the place out and write a fitting review, maybe your opinion will be different than mine. Cheers and much luv! :)
Sure Smashburger is a "chain burger place" but that doesn't necessarily mean they act nor serve food that taste like any ordinary burger chain restaurant...  They are much better than many other fast food places and well worth the few extra bucks you'll pay for a good burger and fries.We tried their Arizona Smashburger with fried pickles. The burger was cooked to perfection, just the right amount of seasoning and temperature!  It came with fresh guac, jalepenos, chipotle mayo, other veggies with Habanero cheese served on a chiptole bun.  It was fantastic! The fried pickles were also a nice change to fries. Crispy with lite batter and some ranch dressing for dipping.  You've got to try these!We also had the Classic Smashburger with their Smashfries. Again the burger was cooked exceptionally well with just the right balance of seasoning and temp.  Their Smashfries are fries tossed with olive oil, salt, garlic and rosemary. The seasoning was spot on! We've ate fries that are very similar at Diablo Burger in Flag, but the fries at Smashburger are better balanced with rosemary/garlic and salt.Recommendation: order a create your own 1/3 lb Smashburger with which ever bun, but ask for them to toast it ~ they will! Then add an extra 1/3 lb patty and request them to cook it the temp you want it ~ they will. Choose the cheese of your choice with either smashsauce or chipotle mayo and then get all the veggies including jalapenos. Your total will be $6.99 for a 2/3 lb burger of deliciousness that will leave you planning your next trip to Smashburger!  Don't forget to try their fried pickles and down everything with a cold bottle of beer.
I was here last night with some friends to see Twilight. I mean I had free movie passes so why not right? I remember when it was the old movie theater so the changes they made were a HUGE improvement. When you walk in, it is a little confusing because all the lines say will-call. Luckily there was no one in line so I just walked up as I wasn't sure where to go. She gave us our ticket as well as menus to look over what we may want to order while enjoying our movie. Wow what a menu it is. The funny thing is all I wanted was popcorn and I had to search high and low to find it lol. It was literally the last line on the opposite side of the menu. So we go to the theater and like others have stated it is a weird set up. Luckily for us we didn't have to be herded in like others have experienced as it was pretty empty at 5pm. We picked our seats, which were the ones that had the trays in front of us. Not the weird rolling work chairs in which it looks like you are sitting at desk. That is way weird indeed.  We got comfy and pressed our button to order some food. My friend Toni ordered the kahlua mudslide and some sweet potato fries and I ordered a diet pepsi and some popcorn. OMG the popcorn was so good. It served in a basket with  side butter. It has to be a large because I swear it was never ending. My other girlfriend even was able to nosh on it and still we didn't finish it. My friend's drink was huge and she said her sweet potato fries were pretty good. I don't like the fact that the lights under those weird desk stay on the entire time. That along with people constantly walking in front of you to drop off orders or to take them was a little annoying. But I will say that the staff was very friendly and attentive.Overall it is ok. I have not been to IPIC or Ultrastar so I have nothing to compare this too but it wasn't bad, just ok. I might give a try again after I check the others but we will see.
What can I say.... There is nothing better than a Double Double with grilled onions and fries.
How I want to give this place 5 stars.  I grappled with it for at least 5 minutes before finally writing this.  The location is killer.  Not only is it in 'Slope (which is an awesome neighborhood) but it is an old fire house (complete with garage doors) and has a beautifully shaded patio.  Really top notch.  The panino I had, with manchengo, pesto, and salami was AMAZING.  Even the chips were good.The menu was a little lacking in things that interested me but the one thing I found was simply the best.The service was dreadfully slow.  For a couple sandwiches that should only take 5 minutes to make, the 15 we waited was too long.  I grapple with comparing this place to Postino because they are so similar but where Postino succeeds in great service, Bomberos food was just flat out better.  So many difficult decisions in life to make and choosing between these two wine bars could be the toughest.
I think it's been summed up pretty thoroughly by others, so I'll just list a few of my favorite things.Bare wood ceilingBeautiful views of the mountainsNo bad seat in the placeFire pit with little swirlies drawn in the dark sandSalt and fresh cracked black pepper in a cute yin-yang bowlGreat food and even better serviceFREE BIRF-DAY DESSERT in the form of molten chocolate...... (they even wrote 'happy birthday' in chocolate on the plate.  Sweet!)The only thing I could pick at is...for such a beautiful and chic place to go, did they really have to put fake horsetail in the vases at each table?  Come on now, couldn't you splurge on the real stuff?Best lunch item:  Orecchiette pasta with shrimp, chicken, and sausage in a morrocan spice cream sauce.
Somehow I always end up moving or helping a friend move in the dead heat of a Phoenix summer. This is the only time I want a soda, and the only time I really go to Sonic. Summertime + moving = Rt 44 Diet Cherry Limeaide.
Oh Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, how many times have I loitered on your property while waiting for the life nectar that is Sakana? Too many times.How many times have I actually purchased your wares? Once, tonight, Japanese Cherry flavor green tea to be exact.And what did I think of your wares? It's something that I shouldn't have too hard of a time digesting and forgettable. Still a good way to waste time waiting for something better? That's for truth.
Good food, but horrible, stuffy and pretentious atmosphere.  Showed up for late lunch & was greeted by a completely self-absorbed young girl who has clearly never received training in customer service.  The place was nearly empty and she asked (with a bored blank stare) if we had a reservation.  When we said no, she huffed and acted very put off.  Once we were seated, the service was so terrible that we left before eating our meal.  Have dined here multiple times.  Just cannot take the poor service and generally stuffy, "wealthy grandmother" like atmosphere any longer.
Went here a yr ago but I'm new to YELP so I'm catching up :) Waited 4 hrs, yes I heard the wait was long, but Reeeaaally? Finally sat @ 10pm after having some apps next door. By the time we sat we weren't terribly hungry but the server forced our foursome into getting 4 pizzas. We ate 2 (told you we weren't hungry) and took 2 home. Pizza was good, but Cibo is better! Was the wait worth it, ahhhh No.
I don't know how anyone could argue with a happy hour that goes til 9 o'clock. The wings were amazing and it was very refreshing to have a big draft beer out on the front patio. I don't get out much during the week, but I did see that they have daily specials that include $4 kettle one drinks/shots on thursday.I only have one complaint that calls for the three star instead of a four:-the beers seemed like they could've been much colder. I feel like it's really important for glasses to be ice cold as well as the beer. The glasses weren't even chilled and the beer itself was almost room temperature. I would let this slide if they were really busy (as stocking them would be difficult) but they weren't even close to being slammed. I will definitely go back to Tavern, and I would recommend it as one stop of the Mill Ave experience...
My new favorite dish at PCG (actually anywhere) is the new Surf N Turf Pasta entree. It is freakin' amazing! Cooked to order medallions of beef (I believe its filet) and HUGE prawns over a bed of fettuccine noodles. Seasoned with diced green chilies, corn, and a bit of cheese, it's"s a bit spicy, but over all just so dang tasty. I also have recently tried their Dreamy Draw Chili and it is a winner. Made of pinto beans, it's"s different from your traditional red sauce chili. I honestly have not had a bad dish at PCG. Kim is the best server they have, but maybe we're biased because we know her. If you still have not tried PCG, make it a point to do so soon. I hear their parking lot remodel is completed. :)
I met a friend of mine here for lunch the other day.  She has raved about this Indian food place that she said I had to try.  I used to live in the Bay Area of California, and I had some of the best Indian food while I was there, so I was a little skeptical that I would find something good here in Arizona.  My friend was right, the food here is awesome.I liked the variety of naan that they had here, from plain to garlic to whole wheat.  We got the whole wheat, which soaked up the yummy goodness of the sauce that came with my lamb masala.  This dish was just spicy enough, very flavorful, and the lamb was super tender.  My friend is a veggie and got the dal makhani, which my carnivorous self actually found quite tasty.  And to top it all off, they had some chai tea that was out of this world.  It's a far cry from the sweetened chai stuff that you get at Starbucks, very flavorful.The service here was very great and attentive.  I'm not sure how this place would be around the dinner hour, but for lunch we were seated quickly and served quickly as well despite quite a few people being there.  I can't wait to come back!
I love this place and I'm not even Vegan. Though, after eating at GREEN, I'm seriously considering Vegetarianism.Problem is: I'm a creature of habit. When I find a meal I like, I just reorder it over and over. (note to self: change that!)My meal of choice at Green is the Mongolian Noodle Bowl w/the mock chicken, which is to die for. The veggies are fresh & flavorful and the mock chicken is absolutely delicious. Equally as satisfying is the Soynami, frozen vegan ice "cream" delight and the Peanut butter thingy.I do wish they had more drink choices. The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is because I'd like to see them use whole wheat noodles and Organic. But really, that's minor. Cause like the other review mentions, their other restaurant "That's a Wrap" in Phoenix has healthier fare.For the conscientious greenie, GREEN lives up to their name in more ways than one! The floors are concrete, the tables are made from sustainable materials (is that sorghum?) and they are definitely saving energy with what appears to be a swamp cooler. Not overly cooling on a hot Arizona afternoon but energy efficient.Green is hands down my favorite Arizona restaurant and I've been here for 8 years. Arizona definitely needs more of these type restaurants.The downside? They're about 40 or more miles away from my home. But with the food quality, relaxed atmosphere and Green interior, it's worth the trek for me.
The Pizzeria Bianco Date Night:If you're gonna show up at Pizzeria Bianco and wait for hours upon hours anyway...might as well make a nice day out of it. Bring the following things:-Reusable cloth grocery bag-Large blanket/beach towels-Playing cards and/or board games-Disposable ice chest (if you don't want to buy beer/beverages from Bar Bianco)-Sunscreen-Frisbee (optional)There are ample patches and hills of nice soft green grass in and around heritage square...absolutely perfect spots for a makeshift picnic. Pack everything in the cloth bag and show up to PB around 4:30 or so. You'll have to stand in line for a few minutes to put your name in...but once you do...it's Picnic time! Find a nice shaded grassy hill...there's a quite ideal one over towards the Science Center. Lay out your towels and make a fun evening of it. You can relax with some beverages while playing cards with your significant other and as a nice side effect the people watching can be pretty great while you do so. By doing this, you're really killing two birds with one stone...you're getting to have a nice picnic...and as a side effect...you're negating the whole negative aspect of going to Pizzeria Bianco...the wait. Once your name gets called you simply toss everything back in the bag, throw the disposable cooler out...and voila...you're ready to have some great pizza in a cozy rustic pizza joint after your picnic. I really don't see why you'd want to do anything else...it's making the best of a less than ideal situation. Each time I go there I see people lethargically pacing around with a beer, bored out of their gourd...I just don't get it...might as well try and have some fun. Now on to Pizzeria Bianco itself...I didn't feel the need to really add too much content about the place itself, because what's already been said by the 300+ reviews is more than sufficient. I will say this...the pizza is great, but it's not all that different than pizza you can get at Cibo for example, where the wait is almost non-existent. What Pizzeria Bianco is, however...is a dining experience every Phoenix foodie must check off their bucket list at least one time. 4/5.
I had a really disappointing experience with The Breadfruit. It was a Monday. It was a nice day. We wanted a picnic. We stopped at the Breadfruit to ask if we could get something to go. We were told no.The woman (owner?) told us repeatedly that they are a dine-IN restaurant, that it meant we can not take our food with us, and that take-out is bad for the environment. She was superior and insulting.My friend and I both work in restaurants. We are perfectly clear what dine in means. We would have tipped the server. We were flexible. We were hungry. We would have been happy to take our food in tin foil. We would have been happy to bring our own plates to receive the food on. We could have sat down, taken a bite, and asked for doggie bags. We understood that the Breadfruit is a dine-in restaurant, but they could have worked with us. There was only one occupied table in the place, but she flat out refused to serve us and was rude about it. Unbelievable!I won't be back for dine-in. I won't be back ever.
What can I say? This restaurant does serve delicious and authentic Thai food. I grew up and lived in Thailand and once I tasted the food that I ordered here, I knew that it was made by skilled cook with plenty of experience in Thai culinary. Would totally recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves Thai food. The price is reasonable and the ambiance is rather relaxing.
Chinese buffets are gross things. There's a reason they're cheap, folks. So - graded on a curve - this is one of the best. Note that I'm not saying it has great Chinese food, I'm saying by the godawful standards of cheap Chinese buffets everywhere, this is one you could actually eat at once in awhile without having your Hep A vaccination updated.The positives:- HUGE variety - biggest I've seen - including Cantonese dim sum, which is a rarity and a great surprise. Big sushi bar too (but no way I'm eating raw fish at a cheap Chinese buffet).- Good turnover of customers even outside lunch/dinner hours, so the food isn't quite so dried up and gloppy relative to other buffets.Negatives:I left my iPhone on the table one day. I caught my mistake 15 minutes later, but upon my return not a soul had seen any trace of it even though my table had been cleared. The next day I used GPS to locate it - at a home about one mile from the restaurant. I called the manager, described the neighborhood, and asked if anyone in the restaurant lived in this neightborhood? I'd hate to involve the police, etc...  Lo and behold, within an hour it was determined that the "cleaning company" had found it in the bathroom, and the "cleaners" had now brought the phone back, and the "cleaners" had been duly chastised. Right....
Not sure if this is a sign of the times or what but I was looking forward to a killer burger and fresh cut fries. LB Only delivered on half of that promise. The burger was nicely grilled, with a great char flavor, stacked with a good amount of condiments lovingly placed on a standard bun that was just the right size, however the fries left much to be desired. A large order for sure and reasonably priced, but undercooked frozen spuds does not equal fresh cut fries. After reading the menu board boasting of fresh cut fries, and observing the cook going into the walk in freezer to grab a bag of frozen fries I was a tad disappointed as they are worlds apart. Had a sip of a chocolate shake, thick, hand spun and noticed they have a great array of flavors. Chocolate flavor was there just not very intense. My biggest issue here is advertising fresh cut fries and then using frozen, it's just not cool. I understand if they need to cut corners these days to keep the doors open but please change the menu board to reflect this.
I've been to Haji-Baba's a couple of times now and I must say... my visits have not been met with consistency in the quality of their food.  Haji-Baba is SUPER popular as you can see by the Yelp reviews of this place.  The main reason for their popularity I think is due to their prices.  Their prices are almost ridiculously low for the portion sizes you get when compared to other Mediterranean ~ Greek type of restaurants.     I did find something I liked at Haji-Baba. I recommend you try their Gyros.  It's a really good Gyros and is one of the best in the Phoenix metro.  They don't shave their Gyros meat like at the other places.  They cut their Gyros meat off in long chunks, different sizes.  This adds another level of "delicious-ness" when compared to Gyros at other locations.  They OVER STUFF their Gyros with meat, a small amount of tomatoes, red onions and pickled wild cucumbers with some tzatziki sauce.  The pickled wild cucumbers were unexpected and a nice change from other plaecs that serve Gyros.  My Gyros needed a bit more tzatziki, but my server was slammed and forgot it, oh well.As for everything else on their menu ~ meh, I've had better.  Their dolmades, rice and kibbee all tasted old and over cooked.  The shawarma and falafels also tasted over cooked and were very dry for my liking.  Restaurant location and condition~ 2 to 3 starsService ~ 3 starsFood ~ 2 to 3 stars (except for the Gyros which are 4.5 stars)Prices ~ 5 plus starsI'm looking forward to going back for another Gyros and maybe I'll try their hummus and/or a Greek salad on my next.  Hope to see you there.
I was born and raised in Germany.  I came here last night to entertain my boyfriend and his family.  We showed up at about 6:45 pm and I don't believe we were served before 7:45 pm.  The restaurant was packed as was the bar (which surprised me for being in that part of Mesa), so we seated ourselves in the bar, where we each had a drink.  $21 bucks, not bad for four.  I had my "dreckigen" (the 'dirty'), or "coke-beer" for those who don't know, and it was refreshing.  They serve you in large glasses too but the beer is so smooth, it really goes down easy. When we were seated and looked at the menu, none of us could decide on one thing.  It all looked great and of course, by now we were just starving.  We each made an order, I got the "Schweinebraten" (Pork with dumplings and sauerkraut).  We were then served bread and asked to help ourselves at the full salad bar.  The salad bar had lots to offer, and certainly helped to hold us over for dinner. I was a little embarassed how long it finally took to get our food.  It's pretty custom to have to wait for your meals in Germany.  When you order, you must expect a wait of at least 30 minutes but I wasn't accustomed to that anymore (call me americanized!).  But fortunately everyone was fine (thanks to the great bread and salad bar) and we weren't in a rush. Once dinner finally came (and the restaurant started to clear out slowly), everyone seemed happy with their dish.  I really should have ordered a Schnitzel, the pork was too 'smokey' for me, and the dumplings were not the kind I enjoy, but if you enjoy pork, you should be able to enjoy this dish.  I was trying to be 'different' and go for something 'new' but usually there is a reason why you like what you like and why you should probably stick to what you like ;)Point is, we all had a good time, the plates were big, we went home with left overs, I think it was a nice experience and I do recommend it.Just make sure you get the Schnitzel or Wurst next time ;)
Another good meal at a chain restaurant. Stopped by for lunch one afternoon and had a seat at the bar. I had the Tempura Battered Mahi Sandwich and my hubby had the Smoked Salmon Fish & Chips and it was not even a Friday. Both fish entrees very fresh and were fried to perfection. It was affordable and I believe I will be back to have the same. Sometimes there are special beers available not on the menu so ask the bartender.
It's going on two years since my original review of this Smashburger, so here goes a little Update:Everything is still great here, so I would refer you back to my original review.  It's still the same except that the menu has expanded significantly & they now serve beer!  With or without the new items, this is my favorite hamburger (& Malt) place in the whole world!!     :-))Today's feast was an Arizona Big Smash ($6.99), Fries ($1.99), & a Chocolate Malt ($3.99) = $12.97.Ok, it's a little pricey, but WOOHOO, do they ever deliver a great meal!     :-))
I stopped in to get a quick lunch with my friend.  We decided to get a full size turkey bacon avacado sub and split it.  Glad we did because they ended up being about 8 inches long each!  The owner(?) didn't seem to mind at all either and was very nice and friendly.  Its a great combination and I thought the bacon was kind've crunchy but very tasteful.  Its not one of those very thin microwavable kind.  However, I thought it was very hard to eat.  The bread is basically sliced in half (so there's no "end wall" to eat against), and then meat, tomatoes, onion, avacado and bacon was stacked high in between.  And I mean high.  Its like the kind of sandwiches you see in a cartoon except unfortunately my mouth can't stretch out real wide like the characters usually do.  All in all it was the most difficult and messy sub I've ever eaten.  Also, I wasn't a big fan of putting a whole slice of onion on the sandwich.  I love onion, but I like it kinda split up and spread over the whole thing, not a whole slice in the middle.And I'm right there with the whole styrofoam/soup thing.  I watched as they do it and was very glad I didn't get any.I think I would come back and try something else.  Its just that I would have to eat it in private...
Oh, what a wonderful feeling... Picture this: A Young Woman moves from a city known for its Asian fare and bubble (boba) tea - only to discover her new Dessert Playland is devoid of her favorite sweet treat. We're talkin' about all types of bubble tea, including mixtures with different flavored jellies. We're talking Boba Heaven. So, imagine the vast disappointed of said Young Woman when she realizes she's traded her Asian District fare and Boba for Mexican Food Mecca and Horchata. Not that there's anything wrong with any of this... except a world without boba is a sad, sad world. Enter Eba. When I stopped here the other day for the first time, I had very low expectations. I was imagining limited options. Oh? Boba Tea of only milk and tapioca? Bummer. Little did I know that Eba is the real deal.I walked up to the register. Me: "Do you have coffee jelly?"Owner: "Yes."Me: "I love you!" I jumped for joy. I ordered an iced coffee latte with coffee jelly. Talk about a blast from the past I never thought I'd have again. (Let alone find in Phoenix!)Eba is now - by far - one of my favorite places in Phoenix!
This was the first and last time I will visit this sunny establishment. Please let me start by saying don't be fooled by the name thinking you may get some spice in your meal when visiting this establishment. I would like to enlighten any potential consumers on the epic failure of the evening I just experienced. Failure number one, they had our reservation incorrect and multiple times mentioning that we had made the reservation incorrectly. Failure number two, your menu on-line does not match your actual menu. When you say you have Hatch green chili on the menu make sure you can actually serve it. Multiple times I asked about the spice and was told it was very spicy, and was disappointed at the lack there of. I am a lover of New Mexico green chili, so if you compare your food to it you shouldn't be light years off on the descriptions.Third failure of the night was dumping a full ice cold drink down the side of my leg and back of my pants. Not only was I upset at the fact you soaked my jeans, but then offended at the idea the server was going to get a blow dryer and dry off my pants. If I wanted to wear my jeans straight out of the washing machine, I would have done so but thank you to the service staff, they took liberty of doing that for me. So, you want me to take off my pants to blow dry them you say, failure number four. Epic failure number five was the sub-par meals that followed along with the "flaming" drink that is not worth ordering The food was by far the worst thing of the night, which compared to everything else would seem like nothing. If you think you are going to get food, turn around and go back home and eat a bean burrito.  After all that we attempted to salvage the evening with some humor, but then comes failure number six. When the bill arrives we were told that although the server dumped a drink all over me, nothing could be done to adjust the bill. It was just a little liquid as I was reminded by the server AND the manager. I wasn't looking to make a scene but when I stood up from the table, someone asked me if I had an "accident" (I'm 29 and housebroken). Even to this point, I was just annoyed. This brings us to failure number 7, when paying for the bill we presented our overly intelligent server a $50 visa card and asked her to run the card for that amount, and came back letting us know it was declined. In surprise, I look up the account information on my phone to only see of the $50 loaded on the card the previous day a $48 charge was in the transaction history for Fire and Spice. When we asked the server, she responded by asking if we had ever stayed in a hotel before and how there is an "incidental" charge which is why the card didn't go through. I asked for the manager at this point, who felt it was okay to tell me again that the bill was now being discounted because of the small spill on me. So after showing him the charge on-line he then got his second level manager. Oh boy, if you are in the mood for being told you are an idiot, this is the guy to talk to! Failure number 8. When you walk into a customer service situation as the second level manager in an issue, normally one would look to diffuse the situation and not escalate it. Not this guy, he enjoys full confrontation with customers. Not to mention he also witnessed the events of the night unfold and rather than offering to make the situation better, he chose the much higher route of saying that clearly our card was declined because there wasn't enough money on it even after seeing the transaction history of the card, with their establishment as the only charge. Nothing he said made sense and walked away as if we bothered him by asking for an explanation of the charge. So here's to you manager's of Fire and Spice at the Sheraton Hotel in Tempe, AZ.. keeping it classy and bringing in customers to make them feel warm a fuzzy inside. Beware hospitality is at it's finest in this establishment!  WINNING!!!!
If you're looking to eat a fancy schmancy finger licking good burger, then you should hit Zinburger.I had a veggie burger, with one of the yummiest bloody marys in town...baconized goodness in a tall glass of awesomeness, no lies. My friend had the Tukey burger and LOVED it. Now, that is saying a lot since she doesn't enjoy eating any kind of meat. We both shared some sweet potato fries, that just hit the spot. On another occasion I had the Zucchini Fries and THE Zinburger and a Bananas Foster shake...it shook my world, oh yeah. Enough said...Check it out.
Was here this past Sunday at a UYE with about 10 of us sharing a table.  One of the first things I noticed was the bright orange/gold chair covers with white tablecloths on the tables.  There were a LOT of tables and quite a few of the women walking around with huge carts of all kinds of Dim Sum.I'm sure glad I was there with people who knew what they were ordering; this was my first time doing Dim Sum and I had no clue at all what was going on.  I'm really not that much of an adventurous eater, I passed on the tripe and the chicken feet.  I did like everything I ate especially the sticky rice wrapped in tea leaves, the pork buns, and the custard.  What a value this was too.  I thought we had a huge amount of food and for the price of only $10 a person including tip, I thought more than reasonable.  I was prepared to pay twice that amount.  Maybe I shouldn't give them any ideas. hah!  Regardless, it was a great experience and a whole lot of fun.  Can't wait for the next UYE Dim Sum :)
This is the original Macayo's and man has it seen better days. The decor is old. The carpeting is tired. The plates are chipped and scratched up. The service is crap and the food is NOT what it is at other Macayo's around town. It took our server 10 minutes to come and get our drink order. One member of our party ordered a Coke and it was totally flat. It took her another 10 minutes to replace it.  I had a chicken taco and the chicken tasted canned. The server spilled salsa all over the table and took forever to come back to clean it up. One member of our party ordered a bean and cheese burrito enchilada style and got a beef and green chili burrito with verde sauce...and then our server seemed befuddled when we asked for her to replace it with what we actually ordered.Honestly, I have eaten in better dive-Mexican places than this Macayos. Definitely skip this spot.
Thanks Trish for planning tonight's UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) at Centro Paninoteca, and thanks Casey, Steve, and Jody for taking such great care of our group!What a pleasure to sit outside and enjoy wine and live music (from David "Axis of Ebel" E) and to hang with a good sized group of yelpers!I wasn't feeling 100% so I didn't partake in the appetizers or panini sandwiches but based on the appearance of the plates and delighted expressions from those who did, I'll have to return for sure!I'll update my review at that point... if you didn't make it tonight, it seems that every Wednesday is Wino Wednesday at CP - you can't beat the unpretentious atmosphere and $5 glasses of wine!
If the food and salsa weren't off the hook incredible, I would have given just 1 star.  Apparently I went to LCGTS on a really bad night.  But they pulled off a tasty miracle.  My pal and I went to LCGTS on our way to see Cheech and Chong at the Dodge Theater.  So we were up for some good Mexican food munchies.We walk in and there is a line... okay no big deal.  BUT there were no forks (we had to eat with spoons and fingers).  There were no napkins, and the salsa bar was bone dry.  I mean the salsa trays looked like they had been licked clean by a starving dog.  They were able to replenish the salsa but they completely ran out of forks.  We got no chips and no drinks.  We had to beg the poor, nice girl who was completely stressed out.  They were a tad understaffed.  It was a "trip".  But somehow they managed to bring out my dish.... a Chicken Mole burrito and a Carne Asada Steak taco.  OMG were they amazing.  The flavors of those dishes and the flavors of the AMAZING salsa were just super.  The meat in that taco was cooked to perfection.  Crusty bits of steak that had a crunchy sear but were still very tender on the inside.  I didn't mind not having a fork.While we were there, they LOCKED the door, just like Cheech Marin did in the Vampire den in "From Dusk till Dawn".  We were locked in as prisoners.  Apparently they were closing down at 6:45 p.m. due to being understaffed and not having forks or more salsa.  Luckily, my buddy and I were the last people to be served.  I will definitely go back.
Holy Elephant Balls, Buddha! This place is incurrydible!!! Okay, okay I'll stop.So my wife and I decided to hook up for lunch.  She works downtown so I decided to head down that way and pick her up.  I suggested Thai Elephant because I had never been, and she raved about the Pad Thai she had ordered a couple weeks ago.  It's located on Adams just West of Central Ave., and parking is scarce.  Make sure to have some change for the meter!I knew I was at home when I saw the "People Love Us On Yelp" sticker on their door.  It was about 1 pm so the lunch crowd wasn't in FULL effect.  There were about 10 empty tables in which we had our pick. We sat by the window.  My wife ordered the Drunken Noodles with Chicken (a la medium), and I ordered the Green Curry with Chicken (a la medium).  A round of Thai Tea was also added to the bill.  Our food came out in about 4 minutes, which came as a shocker! Yes, I said shocker... I was pleasantly surprised!The moment I slammed my chompers onto the emerald dripping chicken, I became green with envy. Envious of all the people who have eaten here in the past and had such a precious secret hidden up their sleeves.  I sniffled a bit, but not from emotion.  It was the green curry and its beautiful spices stroking my mucus glands in just the right way.  A bit of rice and a sip of the Thai Tea (I'll get into in a second) and I was right back on track.The Thai Tea. Ooohhhh, the Thai Tea!  It was $2.50 and twice as large as the ones I order from The Street.  It was like being chosen by Ganghis Khan to sit alongside him in Xanadu and drink the Milk of Paradise (Rush Reference).  It was sweet, as you would expect paradise to be, and creamy. I began to float out of my chair and harpies wiped my nose as I sipped the golden brown goblet of goodness.Service was SpectacularFood was FabulousPortions were PhenomenalDare I say it? 5 Big Ones, Mr. Elephant... and I shall return!
For the freshest, most authentic Thai cuisine - look no further than Siam Thai. Modestly located in a little strip mall on the northeast corner of Northern and 51st avenue, this little gem will not disappoint.First, the wait staff is some of warmest and friendliest, and strive to remember your preferences, from what you like to drink to your favourite table and spice level.Soony, the chef - a native of Thailand is extremely accommodating and will make every effort to visit your table even if he  and his staff are backed up in the kitchen.  His culinary skills were honed at The Four Seasons Resort. He is most appreciative of the patrons that support him, and and is very diligent to accommodate your preferences.From the appetizers (satay: my favourite) - the peanut sauce is made from scratch, to the nam sod salad and the entrees (the curries are brilliant), and the pad thai is not as  sweet as some American thai restaurant counterparts. The stir fry eggplant dish is wonderful as well. For dessert, you cannot go wrong with the mango and sticky rice. This restaurant is quite a ways for me to drive (50 miles round trip), but it is well worth it considering the exquisite food, the low key atmosphere, and delightful wait staff.
Although Stax was not at the top of my list for a nice lunch, I was glad we decided to try it.  Simple menu of 3-oz sliders with some more unusual  meat choices in addition to beef  (ostrich, buffalo, lamb, salmon...), salads, sides, and a few desserts.  I was surprised to find a full bar.  Layout is like a contemporary diner with the bar taking the place of a counter.I tried the turkey burger which was actually a little dry, but with grilled pineapple and fresh guacamole, I really didn't notice.  I found one to be enough with a side dish.  My husband had an ostrich slider and a kobe beef slider-he liked them both.  Selection of toppings is huge.  We also had red potato salad which was okay and sweet potato fries which were excellent.  We tried the key lime stack for dessert.  Not really pie, not really cake, sort of like a layered cheese cake, not bad but a little disappointing.Service was excellent.  We ordered chipotle aioli but received ketchup by mistake.  To compensate, our server brought a platter with a sampling of all their aiolis.  Very nice gesture.  The manager also stopped by our table to make sure everything was to our liking and to thank us for coming in.The only thing that may turn some people off is they bring the dishes as they are ready-so salad came out first, fries next, burgers last.  I enjoyed the little courses, but if you have to have the fries with the burger, ask.  Otherwise, you'll have a lonely little burger on your hands.  Will definitely return to try the Mac n Jack I was drooling over at a nearby table.
Lolo's is my dirtiest secret. Well, it's one of 'em anyway. I don't care where I live in AZ, all roads lead to this joint. I'll admit, on my first trip, I was scared. Scared I wouldn't find the joint. Scared I'd park illegally in the non-lot. Scared I wouldn't get a seat. And finally, scared of what fried chicken with gravy and onions would actually taste like.None of my fears were warranted. There's ample street parking at Lolo's. If you have to hoof it a little to get there, you'll appreciate the walk back to the car. And you'll need it to burn off a fraction of what you've just put down. At peak times, things get a little hectic inside. There's not much of a waiting space but the Lolo's staff is friendly and helpful, they'll get your butt in a seat as quickly as they can. They'll also guide you toward places to stand where you won't be a hazard to the heavy trafficking of chicken, collared greens, mac and cheese and, of course, waffles going on. Once you're seated, eat it all. Seriously though, there's a Lolo's platter for everyone and plenty of sides. Service is friendly and efficient without be hurried or quick. That said, this place is all about the food. It's my favorite place to take out-of-town guests. In short, Lolo's is the type of place that Phoenix can be proud of.
I work in the South West and I feel like if you don't want to eat at chain restaurant you're only other option is Tex Mex.  Don't get me wrong I like the Mex it's the Tex that throws me.  Luckily, there are some pretty good ones and Richardson's in Phoenix is one of them.Both David and I ordered the Blue Corn Smoked Turkey Enchiladas and an order of Guacamole.  The moment the Guacamole arrived David dumped our salsa all up on it. "Trust me," he says.  He was right the guacamole salsa combo was delicious.  So too were the Blue Corn Turkey Enchiladas.  The turkey meat was moist, yummy, and had just the right amount of smoke.  We both went with the green chile and we definitely didn't regret the choice.  I'm becoming a bit of a green chile snob and Richardson's does a good job.The interior looks like a Mexican cultural museum.  The walls and booths are very organic in appearance and designed to look like a pueblo.  I though the copper table tops were a nice touch.  The service was prompt, but nothing too special.  The u shaped bar in the middle of the restaurant seems to be a bit of a hot spot for locals.  With good food and great ambiance, Richardson's will definitely be added to my go to list when in Phoenix.1 Guacamole2 Turkey Enchilada---------------------------$32
"Overpriced and adequate" said the husband.  They didn't have the food I ordered, so I settled on the Cadillac burger with all the fixins.  But cheese is extra and wasn't melted. And by "fixins" they mean one leaf of lettuce that was dehydrated and a couple of red onion rings (tomato was missing probably due to the scare going on at the moment).  The burger itself was cooked the way I like it, but it was over-salted.  The fries were battered with a completely flavorless coating that was orange but not at all seasoned.The husbands steak was chewier than to be expected for the cut and his potatoes were undercooked.The service was incredibly slow, but the waitress was nice enough to take off the drink that we had to send back for being too sweet.2 meals, 3 drinks, 1 dessert - $76I could have gone to a much better restaurant for those prices.  I feel kinda hosed, but I shouldn't be surprised about it because it is still mall food.
First, bring cash.  Second, don't spend too much time deciding.  Third, order a lot. Do these things and you won't rock the boat and you will get some of the better pork in Phoenix.
When some co-workers suggested going to a place called Two Hippies, I wasn't sure what to expect. It sounded fun, so I accepted. I was trying to eat locally after all.As soon as we pulled up, I noticed the funky decor. I LOVED it!! There was also a large outdoor seating area. You order inside (there was barely room for three of us to be inside at once), and then they brown bag your order and write your name on it. Tacos are $3/ea. or 3 for $6. I opted for 3 tacos. I was expecting standard street tacos, but I got so much more. My carne asada tacos came with the standard onion and cilantro, but also had rice, beans, cheese, and cabbage. I wasn't a fan of the cabbage, but the tacos were delicious otherwise.Canned sodas are $1.
so everyone was talking about these carvel cakes and asking about locations. I always drive by this schlotzkys and see the little carvel sign. I had a bad experience with the beyond disgusting carvel cakes from the grocery store and pretty much decided that it was just a nasty, poor quality product. well, i got over myself and decided to try it, and oh man it was good!!! it was thicker than frozen yogurt but not as solid as ice cream and the flavors were rich. I had the small swirl in the waffle cone and it was huge! the waffle cone was not as good as cold stone but it was sweet and crunchy and still totally delicious. i am totally a fan. i will just have to stay away from the gross grocery store cakes. try it!and as far as schlotzkys? i like the original w no mustard and their pizzas.
I am a regular TJ's visitor. They have their pros and their cons, but I keep going back because the quality of their food is excellent and their prices are super affordable. Some of my favorites: Pesto Tortellini Bowl (so good and perfect for lunch), excellent array of protein/snack bars (love me some Luna), Lychee (the only store I know of to sell it...when it's in season), tasty on-the-vine tomatoes, and their Olive Oil Popcorn makes the perfect snack. I also really love that you can mix and match bottles of beer to make your own six pack. Great idea!All in all, I love Trader Joe's. My only complaint is that their produce isn't always the best. It tends to be somewhat bruised or too ripe so I'd rather go elsewhere for my fruit. But my weekly TJ's visits will definitely continue.
Rand H. and I went here for lunch and the food was good and the place was nice. It was early 11:00AM so we had the place to ourselves. But I wasn't over joyed by it. If you want this kind of food it's one of the few places like it in the valley.The owner was there greeting and serving the drinks. But there were two or three empty trays. I did as Norm R. suggested and sampled everything I thought I might like and went back for full servings of what I liked. I gave it three stars.
I'm a women of the nineties, where coffee places sold coffee and offer a place of solace. And this coffee house has stayed true to their roots. No drive-thrus, no microwaved breakfast sandwiches, or shelves full of music CDs. If you're in the Peoria/Glendale area, It's A Grind is a great place to pick up your morning fuel for the daily grind. My coworker and I have started coming in every morning on our way to work around the same time - and each time, we've gotten fast and friendly service and their various coffee flavors are delicious. Our first time there, they gave us samples of their winter blend coffee and it was divine. I've tried other flavors, but I now love their winter blend coffee on the rocks! I appreciate how the ladies actually say "thank you" and are genuine about it, which makes me want to come back everyday.
I'm feeling mighty generous because last night was the second time we've been to Moira and they remembered us. Le sigh...So, their reverse happy hour on Friday starts at 10:30 p.m.! Who in their right mind is up that late? Well, I guess it was us, last night. Pretty solid specials; but their regular menu is rather nice, too. The sake bombers are tops, although I'd like it to be served in a larger glass. Wait, what's that? You get buzzed faster with a the smaller glass?? You don't say. Nevermind; scratch that.The sushi is good, but I'm up for sushi pretty much any time. While it's not the best in the world, it's leaps and bounds from the worst. Doesn't really sound like a compliment when it's put that way, but seriously, Moira is good, 4-star sushi for downtown Phoenix.Factor in the Asian Mario Lopez and you have a 5-star deal. :swoon:
Petite Maison, you may earn the title of petite in the size of your little Maison but your food earns the title of grande! The appearance of Petite Maison earns a point because it's this adorable little cottage situated in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Old Town. True to its French roots, the stucco exterior is full of greenery and flowers and resembles a cottage straight out of a french children's book. It's just as dainty inside. When you first walk in, it's similar to walking into an enchanted cottage with a bar on the left and intimate dining on the right. The patio is hidden and covered with plants. While petite, it really is the perfect size for the concept. The food is tres bon. I've tried their two specialties: the salmon braconne and the burger Maison. My goal is to try everything on the menu but for now I think I've gotten le creme of the crop in the cuisine department! Normally more of a sandwich girl myself, I heard that the salmon salad was pretty spectacular so I had to give it a go. The reviews don't lie my friends. It's delicious. It's buttery, delectable, refreshing and literally melts in your mouth. The poached salmon is cooked to perfection and I wish I had the entire salad and not just half! However, the burger was just as spectacular as I hoped as well. With the brioche bun and gooey cheese, it also melted in your mouth and the bread was as soft as can be. Next on my list is to try the Croque Monsieur because if it's anything like the food I've already tried, then I know my taste buds are in for a treat! All in all, Petite Maison lends for an adorable experience and I think this would be a good restaurant to go with friends, your Mom or even on a date. Or all of the above! The staff is incredibly friendly and I wish they would place petite maisons all over the valley! We need more french dining like this.
If Vitamin T is any indication of what's to come for the DT PHX dining scene, I think we're in good shape, kids.  Dropped in on T for a quick work-day lunch and had two tacos for $5.  The barbacoa is very flavorful and the pork has a perfect kick of spicy heat.  The tacos are small but they don't skimp on the ingredients and give you plenty of meat resulting in a great combo of flavors.  The space is small but they were efficient and moved quickly to serve meals.  The staff was friendly and they seem to pay attention bc my meal was handed to me and they didn't call my number.  I recommend grabbing food to go bc I am sure it gets very crowded over lunch time.  I hope to visit again and sit outside. Hooray for tasty outside dining options in DT.  Thanks Vitamin T, you make me feel healthy.  Sign up on their website for deals. http://eatmoretacos.com/
We came here Sunday for lunch.   Wow, what a great time we had.  Lots of parking in the lot and nice and cool inside,as it was a scorching hot day out there.   There was no line even though it was about 1:00pm. We were seated at the perfect booth for two.They brought water right away, then our drinks while we getting our food.You just do not know where to start. The selection is just like Vegas Baby.  Only $35.00 plus tax for 2. Which is called Sunday Champagne. We did not drink any alcohol, but you can get it if you like.  The food is fantastic.  Seafood, meat, chicken, Salmon was excellant!    It had a steady flow of people but, no line ever.  With Prime Rib and Ham, even an Omlette bar. Lobster Omlette.....Real mashed potaoes as well.Rest rooms were shiny and clean.  We will be back very soon.
if you want to fit in san tan valley here is a step by step guide.1. be really proud of yourself for buying a super cheap house in the middle of nowhere. but don't tell anyone the location bc the moment you do people are less impressed.... and more turned off. 2. bc of #1, you can afford rims on your car. be sure to buy the ugliest  ones possible. people here prefer black rims with chrome outline.3. roll down your windows4. tune your radio to rap music 5. blast it really loud6. drive with your left arm only, straight out, and lean back. be sure you wear your wrist watch on this arm so that others can see it out your window. bonus points if you wiggle your wrist pretending to adjust the watch, but really you just want it to sparkle under the light.im not exaggerating, we saw about 10 different cars like this while eating our china chef. (i just checked out someone's profile who lives in san tan valley. first person i clicked on listed interest: purple drank. what are the chances? i rest my case.)this whole review is an embarrassment, but it must be said. don't ask why i was in this part of town last night, but i was. and we were waiting for a long time in this shopping center and hadn't had dinner. china chef of burger king? china chef it is! the food wasn't disgusting, actually it was just meh but edible and better than BK (on 2nd thought, maybe if i find myself in that horrible town/shopping center i will do BK). the space was clean and blah blah blah.  that's not the problem. the problem is that the meal doesn't come with a gas mask for later. and my body wasn't the only one having issues with this food. for the record, i've eaten my fair share of questionable food and i have never had a reaction like this. shhuuuuuuuuu-weeeeeeeee.
I went for the first time ever on Tuesday night with a group of friends. We sat down to order food and drinks. It wasn't a particularly busy night, and workers were just standing around and goofing off. We sat at a table and the server did not seem excited in anyway to take our order. I ordered a beer that took over 5 minutes to get to me. There is no reason it should have taken so long. She also was slow at getting us more drinks when we were low. Our food arrived pretty quickly though and we chowed down. We were ready to play some games after the beer and food, but we ended up waiting and waiting for the server to come by. She never did so we ended up having to grab a manager to get our tab. BOOOO, BAD SERVICE. I was not impressed.The games were a lot of fun, and the happy hour is a tremendous deal. I'm severely disappointed the service wasn't better, otherwise this review would have been 4 stars.
Once again i have found an all time favorite dish at this fine establishment.The House Chicken! If you do not like mushrooms what so ever or do not care for spicy food i do not think this will appeal to you. Oh my god it is out of this world! I do not think i could consume it every day back to back but every other day or once a week would be my preference.  Its even amazing when its warm not burning hot temp. wise.  I will edit this review and add in more as i try more on the menu to keep you all posted. So for anyone who wants a little spice and kick in your mouth with yummy mushroom this is for you! :D
What I really like about this place is the fresh toppings. The yogurt flavors I've had there are okay but I wish they would mix the yogurt with the toppings, or give you more toppings so when you've finished the top layer you have more goodness to come (that would be Blissful - no pun intended). This is a great location to come and enjoy a good treat while you are walking around Mill Ave, but it's kinda tucked away and if you didn't know it was there already, you may never find it. Maybe they could advertise a little better? One more thing, I went here for the first time towards the end of 2008. I went back a few months later and it was closed for some reason and going to re-open later that month...I don't know what the reasoning was or if that is a regular thing, but you may want to call to make sure they are still open before you stop by for a treat :)
Aside from being a $ date spot (that's "money" like how Trent in Swingers would say it, not like "expensive"), they have an excellent wine selection and great service. It's picked up steam the past couple years and has made a name as a trendy spot to drink wine and eat gourmet pizza, so be ready to squeeze into a table if you come in a large group. IMHO, it's worth it (don't hate on the acronyms, folks). The food is legit and the wine is good. Considering all the attention it seems like this place gets, it hasn't gotten a big head about it. The prices are more than fair and the ambiance is invariably on point. It makes for a great double date or group outing spot as a precursor to a night out in Old Town.
This place is awesome. There's plenty of parking and I park my car far enough away to avoid all the bad drivers, after all, this is primarily an Asian Superstore. But there's also a melting pot of all types of shapes, sizes and nationalities shopping for a taste called home of their native foods. They have their aisles clearly marked by nationality whether it be from Japan, Argentina, Brazil, Africa, Philippines, Vietnam, etc.I've been here a few times and the best time to avoid the frenzied crowd is late afternoons or evening (especially on the weekend). You don't want to go toe to toe with one of those mama-sans that's on a mission. Lee Lee sells just about anything you can imagine. My wife even bought an ice shaver along with the sweet beans to make her Halo Halo (Filipino style). The workers at the store are always happy to help you find things as was the case of the ice shaver. My kids bought their favorite Korean treats; correction, I bought their favorite Korean treats. We bought a pound of ground pork, for way less than your average grocery store, to make some egg rolls (boy were they good). Their selection of meats and fish is ginormous!But the main mission this past weekend was to snag those large manila mangoes for our weekly smoothie requirements. 12 mangoes with each about the size of my foot for $12, woo-hoo! I've become addicted to this place and will be back this weekend.
My friend David and I arrived at Oregano's around noon on a weekday. I was hoping there would be outdoor seating, as natural light is so much better than fluorescent lights for food photography! Luckily, there were open tables on the back patio, so we were showed immediately to a table protected from the sun by an umbrella. David was quite surprised by the fact that we didn't have to wait. In the past, he'd waited for anywhere from 45 minutes to over an hour to get a table. Oregano's is notoriously busy--and w/notoriously slow service.Aside from being HUGE, the menu is packed full of dishes. Surprisingly, there are no mozzarella sticks listed under the appetizers. Instead, pick from items like stuffed mushrooms and Italian guacamole, each averaging around $5-6. We passed on the appetizers, going right for the heartier stuff.David suggested we have pizza, as he'd had it in the past and really enjoyed it. We considered getting a whole pie, which is available in thin, pan, or deep-dish crusts. Specialty pizzas at Oregano's are particular inventive. Take the 'Frisco, for example ("A tomato cream sauce covers this baby, topped with spiced feta cheese, bacon, diced roma tomatoes and cheddar cheese"), or Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato ("This family favorite is made with our red pepper pesto, Grandma's special roasted garlic chicken, diced roma tomatoes, gorgonzola, sliced potatoes, havarti, our four cheese blend, caramelized onions and fresh rosemary"). David also ordered a small dinner salad ($2.99) for us to share. Our waiter explained that the salad would take longer than the pizza (huh?), so he said he'd have things timed so that the salad and the pizza would arrive at the same time.After we put in our orders, I watched as other tables were served their food. A number of other diners ordered salads, each of which appeared to contain a serving of greens more suited for a giraffe.Fewer tables ordered pastas, but a couple options there looked pretty good. I'm not such a ricotta fan, but if I were, I'd be ordering the Big 'Ol Ravioli for $9.29: "A large 6" ravioli (1/4 lb) stuffed with ricotta and other Italian cheeses, slathered with our meat sauce, then baked with cheese on top." Just thinking about it makes me want to play Frisbee...If you're not hungry enough for a flying disk of stuffed pasta, go for some layers instead. Four different lasagnas, all priced at $9.29, seem like a good options for those who are willing to wait 30-45 minutes for a special dish. The chicken lasagna piques my interest, while the artichoke version combines an unusual ingredient in a very traditional dish. I wouldn't expect that sort of risk at a chain restaurant in Phoenix, of all places, but it's good to know that such options are available.In addition to the pizzas and pastas, Oregano's covers another base w/sandwiches. The sandwiches seem pretty typical of what you'd find at your local college pizzeria: meatball and Italian subs. In terms of quality, though, these sandwiches appear to be a step or two above University Pizza and Wings, the likes of which deliver to drunk coeds until 3 a.m. Oregano's subs are served on 10" rolls or focaccia. By the time I'd finished daydreaming and people watching--half an hour later--our food had arrived. The small salad was really anything but. The two of us still had leftovers, so the small salad would probably be a good side for three or so people. The fresh mixed greens contained nary a brown leaf. Topped w/tomatoes, red onion rings, and a surprisingly large portion of crumbled gorgonzola, the salad is a different take on the ho-hum house salad. I didn't fill up too much on salad, as I had pizza sitting in front of me. Each pizza turned out to be a quarter of a full pie, and each massive slice was served on a large, circular pizza tray. No matter how you eat the pizza, it's pretty darn good: the crust is very thin, but it's not crackery, and the bottom has a tad less char than I prefer; the cheese is mild, chewy, and a tad stringy; the toppings are fresh and plentiful. The amount of sauce may have been a tad much, and I also found it too sweet.If the marinara sauce doesn't satisfy your sweet tooth, the one dessert at Oregano's will. The pizza cookie is a half-pound cookie topped with three scoops of vanilla ice cream. For $4.99, this dessert is easily enough for four people.While Oregano's food is above average, the food is not worth the epic waits so common for a table at the restaurant. In a rush, Oregano's is the last place I'd want to eat. But on a leisurely night, when I don't mind waiting too long for a table or for my meal, I'll head back to Oregano's for its friendly service, reasonable prices, and above-average food.
Okay , what am I doing at a Filiberto's? That was the question of the evening, but it was Thanksgiving Eve and I had food to make , kids to quickly feed and my home from college daughter had a friend to meet nearby. So Filibertos it is. I ordered my traditional Mexican fast food  meal a  red  bean burrito.  Whoopee ..no big deal ..nothing to taste, blandness with  a wad of shredded cheese at the bottom...didn't get sick even though I have heard stories.   Place was clean and seemed  okay  . Girls thought theirs were just okay.  No harm no foul.  But I am not going back.
So, i've worked at two yummy burger places (Delux and Fez), so I think I know a good burger when I'm presented with one.  Two Hippies is yummy, nothing fancy, nothing incredible, but what do you expect for $5? I got yummy seasoned fries (which were soggy, but the irony is I LOVE soggy french fries!), and the burger had yummy carmelized onions, which is Delux's secret!The best surprise was the owner, his customer service was incredibly great! Best I've had in a long time. SUPER nice guy, and even gave my fiance a free soda! Gotta luv that Dark Cherry pop!Go, it's cute and fun!!
Wow, a whole list of less than stellar reviews and then two 4-5 stars in one day! By new reviewers even! That haven't reviewed another thing! WOW! What ever could have happened at Mama's to make not one but TWO brand new reviewers feel SO strongly about the quality of their experience there that they would bother to log on and  write a review? I truly want to like Bitzee Mama's. Really I do. So much so that I went back twice more. I know I can be bitchy occassionally so I try to give places more than one shot w/me. The food was average at best but the service just sucked. There were only about 4-5 tables occupied in the whole damn place but yet service was so bad that the customers, myself included, just started getting up and getting what we needed- refills, napkins, whatever. The one waitress, well, I'm not sure if she is truly just slow in the noggin, on drugs or crazy. I could go on but I think you get the picture. I  hope these other "4-5 star reviewers" had that good of an experience there and not just an extra 15 minute break as an incentive.
Heard about this place from one of my son's friends. Looked it up and fell in love with the idea of a fireplace and low lighting. So one weekday my girl and I met up for happy hour here and we both fell in love with the ambiance as soon as we entered. We came in the wrong door downstairs, and were a little confused as to where to go lol bar in the basement was full so we were directed up the staircase. The bar there was also full but lucky for us a couple decided to head down to the basement and free'd up the seats for us :) (bet they thought we came up from down there and emptied our seats at that bar .. suckers) .We sat down and it took a little while before we were helped, but the way we talk it didn't matter. We each ordered our drinks, prickly pear margaritas, which were absolutely delicious. Made with fresh squeezed lemon. We decided to order a few appetizers. Chile Relleno made with pork (even though I wanted duck), Ceviche and the  Beef Tenderloin toasts.  The chile relleno and toasts were to die for! The pork inside the relleno was smoky and tender and flavorful. So darn good! As were the toasts. I could have eaten two orders all by myself. The meat was so tender and tore apart with the toast without tugging. The cheese was creamy and just the right amount topping off a buttery toast. YUM!!  The ceviche was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. I will for sure order the toasts again and try the garlic plate. A couple next to us ordered it and it looked delicious. The staff and chef there were very nice and took great care of us! I canNOT wait to go back. I have been craving it since I left.  Definitely need to make a dinner date out of it too as the eggs benedict looked so darn good! I want to try one of everything!. LOVE YOU ROKERIJ!!!
Joy, joy, Happy Happy joy, joy!!!Have I mentioned I LOVE POTBELLY!?!?I LOVE POTBELLY!!!!I have eaten at other locations in IL for years and years! I love their chicken salad! I love their giardinera!! I love their OCC's!!!5th star is missing because, although the staff was friendly, they were not as familiar as other locations. OCC's are Oatmeal Chocolate Chip (cookie's). I did not come up with the nickname, my favorite location in Orland Park, IL calls them that! They are delicious, and it's fun to say OCC's. I was given a look of confusion here.When I asked for giardinera, I was given another puzzled look. I honestly couldn't tell you if it's called "Hot Peppers" at other locations, but I know what it is, and I have never called it hot peppers. It's delicious under any name.A Wreck is another delicious sandwich. I love that the sandwiches are toasted, but never overtoasted. Another plus is you can ask for the sandwich "skinny" (again, have no idea if they still advertise this, but I am a veteran customer) which means they scoop out 1/3 of the bread for those trying to cut carbs but realistically cannot live without bread!I like the Italian bread and the wheat, but I like the Italian bread more.Free wifi too :)I will be a frequent visitor for sure!!!
i use to go by here every day of the week and never knew this place was open. the parking lot always empty. in fact i've had several people i trust tell me how great this place was..and i never realized..THIS was the place they were talking about. gasp. so i came her with my BFF's family for fathers day. it was pretty damn good. after a very long wait and eventual long walk to the rear dining room we got seated. chips pretty tasty, sales pretty spicy. food was delish..i got carnitas and they were big porky chunks of awesomeness. they gave me large tortillas..which was ok cause i just tore off pieces to pick up meat. my one complaint...it reminded me of my highschool cafeteria. Jaguar Pride What!! anyways..the vast openess and still confined spacing of the restaurant. if there was a fire breakout..i don't think anyone would make it out alive tho. :(carnitas were bombdigity yaheard!! get on it. price is affordable, and the menu distinctly not, run of the mill "mexican food"
Came here for happy hour.  Great place and would love to try dinner here if I ever visit again.Location - Off Mills near Seventh. Price - Happy hour prices are great!  Half off all Wine by the GlassDraft Beer, and Mixed Drinks (except Housemade Cocktails & Martinis).  Even primo liquors like Grey Goose, etc are half off! Ambiance - Modern and stylish.  Fun to sit in the outside patio and people watch.Clientele - All agesParking - Structure off Seventh.Service- Excellent and attentive.Food/Drinks1. Bruschetta Plank - Choose four toppings.  Bread was sliced thin and crispy.  Good texture.  Came with four bread slices, each with a selected topping and sliced in half. Good for 1-2 people. a) Sun Dried Tomato & Goat Cheese - Very good.  Tart from the sun dried tomato, combined with a bit of fresh basil and goat cheese to provide creaminess and reduced balsamic vinegar for sweetness. b) Prosciutto, Fig & Truffled Marscapone - Creamy marscapone mixed with the saltiness of the prosciutto and sweetness of the fig.  Great topping, but my favorite was still a or c.  c) Roasted Artichoke - Canned artichokes and red bell peppers which was very refreshing. d) Sausage & Babaganoush - Recommended by our server but was the worst topping.  Tons of sausage, carmelized onions and a layer of babaganoush.  Just was blah and dry. The flavors didn't jump out at you.2) Peach/Pear Bellini- Refreshing but bland.  It was a slushy drink which was nice in the hot sun.  However, I couldnt' really taste the ingredients besides the bits of pear skin zest.  The pear zest was a bit overpowering at the bottom and made my throat itch.  The interesting part was that the bellini was topped with a pour of merlot which was good.
I don't think I get the Z Tejas paradigm.  I've gone here twice for work lunches on other people's dimes, and I can honestly say that the food doesn't make sense to me.  It's like they've taken great Mexican food dishes and then tried to yuppify them so they appear to be hip, trendy, and healthy.  They fail on all three counts and destroy the flavor in the process.This particular restaurant completely forgot about one person's food and he had to eat awkwardly after everyone else was already done.  They comped his meal, but since he wasn't paying for it anyway, it was no consolation to him.No me gusta!
3-2-1 Three words:  Bucket of Clams, Two words:  Happy Hour, One word:  Fantastic!Fresh seafood for awesome prices.  Fresh oysters on the half shell are $1.50 each.  They were soooo good.  We ordered two each, and then two more each, and then another two.  Do yourself a favor, and just order at least 6 for each person.  The bucket of clams for $13--so fresh--so good.  The clams are steamed and comes with clam juice and butter to dip, super simple, super delicious.  The shrimp toast is also a must--for $3.50 you'll never look at toast the same again!
If you enjoy crack in your tempura sauce, this place is for you. If you also think you can stomach massive amounts of raw fish and other such items involved with sushi, and only have $19.99 in your pocket... well then that's weird that you have exactly $19.99 in your pocket.Actually, I'm usually freaked out by All You Can Eat sushi, like it shouldn't really be a mass quantities-type food. But Mido has made me a changed man. It was better than some sushi places that are not served in mass quantities. And seriously... that tempura sauce. It's pretty... awesomely good/awesome.AND, if it's your birthday, they play you the "Hoppy Bahsday" song and you get party poppers! PAARRTYYY POPPERRRS!!! What more could you possibly ask for?!?!
Beyond 5 stars !!This is truly edible art - breathtaking presentation and harmoniously married ingredients that do not compete and awaken your taste buds.We first experienced Kai several months ago and have enjoyed several meals here.The service is impeccable ( way above par) .menu changes, yet all is phenomenal .High-lights ;Rubbed Lamb with Sage Infused Potato,Date jam.Pork Belly Roasted Shallot Marmalade .Tuna and Gooseberry Jalapeno Syrup.Poached Scallops on Pea Soup .Drink High- lights ;Red or White Sangria = OMG Cucumber, vodka ,tea bitters Honey pot , bourbon, amaretto,raw honey ,peach bitters ( my fave)Table settings are lovely ..peaceful ,serene atmosphere wraps you in warmth and hospitality as you " experience " the amazing culinary styling's of Kai.Smooches on you, Kai !
Went here recently with a lady-friend.  I've been dying to take her here and our vacation gave us the opportunity.She doesn't drink coffee and when she asked what the "barista" recommended that didn't have coffee in it he rudely said, "Go to Starbucks down the street."Despite my natural instinct to choke him, I quietly ordered a coffee as to not start my  vacation badly.My lady and I went outside to have our drinks.  The "barista" left is post and sat outside too, with his friends.  They went on to heckle and by heckle I mean shout loudly, at the ladies entering the tanning salon a few suites over.  They were shouting, "CANCER!", "SUN IS FREE, STUPID!" and such.  Hey, employee at Matador.  They know, they don't care.  Shut up.  I'm pretty sure that shouting at potential customers makes you the stupid one.Oh, yeah.  The coffee was a shadow of what it was and the chai latte my girlfriend got was awful.Never coming to this place again.Man, I miss Mario and co.
I have to tell you all that if you are planning a baby shower for anyone you should for sure check out the cup-cake cakes at Safeway. First of all, they are very affordable and second of all, they are too cute!  You know since you are at Safeway, you are going to get good service, but I have to say the bakery people are the best.  The cakes come in very shower friendly pink boxes and are ready in 24 hours.  I believe you can get cup-cakes cakes for any occasion but I highly recommend the shower ones!!Check out this baby girl cake I used for a shower I just hosted!!!http://i208.photobucket.com/albums/bb139/kfoxaz/519871893208_0_ALB.jpg
Eff you McDonalds, eff you! You told me you had "Real Fruit Smoothies" that were blended to perfection and offered at a reasonable price. You drilled that idea in my head for weeks with your incessant advertising on the sides of buses and mile high billboards with pictures of creamy, fruity smoothies that made my mouth salivate instantly. You knew that I loved smoothies so much that I would go to great and dangerous lengths to obtain one of your so called "Real Fruit Smoothies". You knew that even though I loathed you and everything you stand for, that I would risk it all, risk everything to venture into your mustard arches to try one of your smoothies. As soon as I walked in and looked around, I knew immediately that I didn't fit in. I won't get into specifics, but let's just say that many of your patrons have the "I don't have a job and I don't care because I get unemployment checks" look about them. Just sayin'. After I made my way through a throng of screaming kids running around barefoot, I finally made it to the counter. I decided to play it safe and order a strawberry banana smoothie thinking that you couldn't possibly mess that classic flavor up. I wasn't actually able to see you make this "Real Fruit Smoothie", as it was mysteriously whipped up behind the scenes in the back somewhere. I would say that next time I'll pay more attention, but unfortunately for you, there won't be a next time. After I made my way out of that hell hole and into the safety of my car, I took my first sip of your much hyped smoothie. I was instantly disappointed. By the time the liquid mush you call a smoothie hit the back of my throat, I knew that I had been duped. I took one more sip just to make sure that I hadn't missed something the first time, and threw the rest out. McDonald's....come on. You don't make a "Real Fruit Smoothie" by blending up strawberry juice and banana flavored puree with some ice and yogurt and call it a smoothie. You're supposed to use REAL FRUIT! That drink was about as "real" as Joan Rivers face, or Pam Anderson's boobs...you might fool some dumbasses out there, but I think most people would rather pay a few bucks more and get the real deal down the street at Jamba Juice.  I mean, how hard is it to mess up a blended drink? Congratulations McDonald's, you never cease to amaze me....
Loved it.  They've been in this spot 20 (twenty) years~!Clean, modern design.  Stainless steel tables, color coordinated chairs, white table cloth & walls and black ceiling.I used to feel guilty about giving out 5 stars, but not any more.If I really liked it, and I really think my friends should try it = 5 stars.Food I had was great, place was great, exceeded my expectations = 5 stars.*  Amazing egg roll had lots of fresh veggies and a hint of black pepper.*  Lettuce wraps were just as they should be, fresh with crunchies, crisp lettuce and a tasty sauce.*  Clay Pot Chicken with Asian Eggplant.  Hot (temperature) and perhaps a bit  "oily" for my dining companion (not me).It was a lot more than I expected.  The staff was small and friendly and they had REALLY COLD BEER... yum.Lived in Phoenix a long time and this was my first time here.Will return soon.
Okay, after 17 reviews that received either one or five stars, I'm actually writing a two star review (technically, I'd give them 2.5 stars but there's no mechanism for that). I feel it's my duty, being a transplanted east coast Jew, to weigh in on Jew food here in the valley.First, the positives: the food was pretty good. They didn't put any of those annoying coatings on their fries and when I said "extra lean" I got a corned beef sandwich w/o any fat. They also stocked one of my favorite sodas, a deli staple, called Doc Brown's diet black cherry. Yum!That doesn't sound too bad. So why the 2.5 stars, you ask? Okay, the negatives: the negatives all center around price. I paid $10 for a SMALL sandwich and fries. Now, don't get me wrong, I got enough to eat. But that's not the way a Jewish deli works. Half a sandwich and a side should be enough to eat. It is at every other Jewish deli I've ever been to. That way you can share or save the rest for later. Plus, I asked for an extra pickle. How dare I?! Little did I know when I made the request that they were going to charge me $1 FOR A FREAKIN' PICKLE SPEAR!!! THAT'S LIKE AN EIGHTH OF A PICKLE!!! I couldn't believe it! Add to that the cost of my beloved Doc Brown's $2.49 and I'm quickly going broke. But wait, there's more. I dared to order pastry.Now, there are several reasons I ordered pastry and none of them are particularly startling. First off, I'm never in a Jewish deli so I couldn't let the opportunity pass. Secondly, I'm a real sucker for apricot pastry and they had two different kinds. Third, they had mandelbrot, which is prominently featured in my novel so I wanted to try theirs and see if it's any better than what I get from Simply Bread (it wasn't). Though I only had nibbles of each of the three small pieces, just to try them, I paid $3.30 for the privilege.Will I go back there again? Probably not. While the food was okay, I feel like I was mugged. Kinda leaves a bad taste in the mouth. One even good Jew food can't get rid of.
Grilled Mackerel.  That is reason enough for me to come here.  Oh wait, your grilled mackerel entree comes with salad, yakitori, gyoza, and edame (the menu said udon, but I wasn't complaining)?  Holy crap I would drive across Phoenix for this place, easily.The deep fried yakitori is really something.  Is that tofu in the batter? The air in the place is pretty greasy, but I'm willing to overlook such things when the food is that good.  The Lady had the sukiyaki, which was ok, but very comforting.  Either way, she thoroughly enjoyed it.Ok back to that mackerel.  I've typically approached it with reservation at most places, but considering that this place didn't seem like your typical Japanese place, I decided to order it.  After a small bite, I just pciked the whole thing up with my chopsticks and gnawed away.  Damn it was good... moist... nicely cured... and charred.  Beware, however, that there will be bones in the thing.  When I mentioned to the owner how hard it was to find such good mackerel, he replied, "Thank you.... only Asian people eat that sort of thing."  I BAH!  Plenty of non-Asian people eat fish where the bones may still be in it!  Cure him of this misconception!So yeah it's really hard to come across a place like this, let alone a place with really good mackerel.  For those who live in cities where the vast majority of Japanese places concentrate on sushi (like I do), definitely hit this place up if you find yourself in the area.  For all you people in the Phoenix area, definitely visit this place to see what you guys have over the vast majority of other cities in the US.
Sat in the new bar and had me some rumFlight and vanilla mojito was mighty yum, yum!As it raged down my throat and warmed my tum, tumMade my body go numb, pervert hands now rubbing my baby's booty bum...Ordered the appletin rum, sea scallops next Definitely THE BEST, in the Southwest! With a spicy kick of zest!The crispy mango fish rolls, which were only so-soStill craving dem scallops-give me some mo! Give me some mo!Curry chicken with dumplings was my main mealTexture is dense if you like that type of appealComfort that'll make ya re-invent the wigga-wigga-wheelAnd kick off your hood rat heels!Boyfriend ordered the jerk chicken off da grillFinger-licking the last of his mealDamn, can I get a bite or do I have to steal?Prices, not too bad of a dealThis rum has got me coping a feel!Leaving room for some dessert The Blue Mountain Coffee has got me on full alertMan looking so good, got a girl doing the slurp, slurpHe's trying not to get hurt,As he reaches for the sweetLove'n, potato pudd'nOverall, Breadfruit was the bombFelt like I was in Jamaica, passing that bong :)
DISCLAIMER GLENDALE ADD IS NOT CORRECT** i sent a req to Yelp to fix it so until it changes over to 2050 W. GUADALUPE RDMESA, AZ 85202just ignore the Glendale add**on to the review... they dont open till Noon on Sundays and not till1pm on weekdays i believe..which i think is a little late, they could probably get more of a crowd if they opened a little bit earlier buuttt i dont own the place so wth am I ?? Outside it can be deceiving but inside it is a very large restaurant. They have two dining areas, a bar area, and dance floors as well. Speakers all over the place also. Apparently on Fridays 10-4am it is going to be a little club atmosphere with food ?? They have brunch on Sundays with complimentary mimosas( we were the only ones in the whole place till we left so we finished damn near a whole pitcher ... don't judge us :) we ordered fried okra, mac n cheese, rice n beans a breast and waffle dish and a 3 piece thigh and waffle dish. The okra was great, the beans and rice were pretty blah and sadly the mac n cheese was just mediocre.(i am a mac n cheese whore so i think i have a hand up in that category and it just did not tantalize my taste buds). Lover got the thighs and he liked my breast more (i totally could take that sentence to a different topic but im staying on food). The waffles were pretty good.  Now i am a girl who loves Roscoe's as well as LoLo's and i might have to give Julie's another chance to see if really match up. Julies is much closer to my house and would love to have a place like this that i loved but im not in love just yet. You know if i ever fell if i change my 3 star rating.
Stopped by Wedge & Bottle again recently to pick up a sandwich. While there, I noticed some improvements on the things I didn't like on my first visit. It appeared that they are offering drinking water for their customers (without charging by the bottle) now. Cool. I also observed them pouring some wines by the glass, and their pours are now very reasonable--not the pitiful one I received many months ago (*see old photo). So, it looks like they've taken some steps in the right direction.As far as my sandwich that I ordered recently...it was okay. I mean, the quality was great. And the preparation was perfect. It's just that the "fancy" cheeses they use are a bit robust for my (likely) unrefined palate. Just wish they also offered some "simpler" sandwich options as well. I'm not talking about bologna with American cheese necessarily, just something with a slightly less pungent backnote in the flavor.One of the employees recommended some beers to me as well. He was dead-on with his recommendations too. Very cool. I like trying new beers, and those were some quality ones I bought. I do wish they kept a few in a fridge as well so I could have enjoyed them that night though. It was sort of like bringing a kid to a toy store, buying him a shiny new toy, but making him wait until the next day before he could play with it. Excitement and a bummer all at once.Regardless, I am a fan of this place. It's a great concept; and it was really packed during my last visit, so they must be doing something right. I just don't see a need (yet) for me, personally, to visit more frequently.
After having read Chris B's review and then seeing them later the next day at the Wednesday evening Phoenix Market I decided to give them a try.  Initially looking and the Cajun Steak Jamburrito, after talking to the chef I decided to just go with the Cajun Steak Jambalaya bowl ($5.99). While waiting I was given a hush puppy to sample...light and crispy just like I like 'em.  Contemplating getting an order I figured it would be too much food.  I received my bowl of savory rice mixed with some veggies like peas, corn, carrot topped with a portion of spicy steak and some slices of sausage.  It was very much comfort food.  I did have to put a generous sprinkle of hot sauce to add a touch more heat and flavor but it was a very welcome addition.  While it didn't knock my socks or wow me, it reminded me of a few things I whip up at home now and again. I left content, full and happy I tried a new food truck.
I travel with a competitive speech team. We were recently in Arizona for a competition, and my team HAD to stop at the Heart Attack Grill- a member of my team is doing a speech about it, we couldn't get away without seeing the place firsthand!Upon arrival, we were immediately greeted by a smell that can accurately be described as "Fat, grease, and charred death." You know the smell that sometimes comes out of a burger restaurant- the slightly-singed, but otherwise-delicious smell of meat being grilled? This was a sick amplification of that. The smell alone was enough to drive several members of our party to pursue other options for dinner.As far as decor, the restaurant does a good job of sticking to an anti-doctor theme, with signs plastered all over the restaurant warning you of the unhealthy nature of their food, mandatory patient gowns for all diners, and waitresses dressed as cute nurses. But the food itself could be summed up with the word "Sickening," which actually works metaphorically and literally. Their shakes are incredibly sweet, but actually filled with ice cream, pure cream, and butter. Their fries are cooked in lard, and their burgers are excessively heavy and fattening. A burger and fries is really enough to fill up a fully-grown man, but the sensation of being completely filled by lard, meat, and grease is almost as disgusting as seeing one of the obese regulars scarf down a triple-bypass burger for free.The next morning, most of us who'd eaten there were still full. One of my friends said he "felt like [he] just blew the Hamburglar." Starting with the smell, and lasting all the way to the aftertaste the next morning, this anti-hospital is as novel as it is grotesque and excessive. I seriously almost threw up twice before I even tried anything, but I like to exercise and eat healthy. Other people didn't seem as disturbed by the place as I did, and to HG's credit, the things they serve actually maintain a stronger semblance to edible food than some other places I've eaten. It will definitely fill you up, and the theme is kind of cute.Nonetheless, I can't walk away from a restaurant feeling like I just destroyed my body and recommend it. I almost feel like the place is unethical for its  choice to give such flagrantly unhealthy meals. At the same time, the place is called HEART ATTACK Grill, and they don't make any effort to pretend they're doing anything other than providing the most unhealthy and disgusting food possible. With that, and the friendly service in mind, I can't justify any rating lower than 2/5. I'd definitely like this place more if they just used fresh ingredients, didn't cover everything in nastiness, and just stuck to making good burgers, fries, and shakes...but I realized that would just make them In-N-Out, and would kind of ruin everything this restaurant stands for.Disgusting? Yes.Necessary? No.Immoral? Decidedly no, since they clearly warn you about what you're getting in to.I'd eat here once, and NEVER again. It's a place fueled by novelty- go there only if you're inspired after watching Epic Meal Time on youtube.
4 days to Burritoholic!It all stared 4 days ago....just like any other ordinary day.  Someone mentioned I should check out this burrito place in lue of my usual.  I say, hey why not right.....wrong!!!!  Dam you Chipotle, dam you and your YUMMY food!  Monday was testing the waters, Tuesday was making some adjustments, Wednesday was fine tuning the little things, and Thursday I had it down to a science.  Oh ya, 4 days in a row for lunch.  Need I say more?
Egg whites and oatmeal and brizza oh my!I've been hearing about Scramble for months now and I finally made it in for a breakfast meeting today.  I loved it...The oatmeal was not only the biggest bowl of oatmeal I've ever seen, it was served piping hot with pecans, raisins, and milk / brown sugar on the side.  I also had a side of egg whites done just right.  (I was trying to be healthy since I recently realized I gained some LBS in the last few months).  However, I did have a few bites of my dining companion's brizza - it was also delicious!  The coffee did the job too... I left with a nice caffeine buzz and a full tummy too... the perfect way to start my day!I love the clean, urban feel to this place... the staff was super friendly and the bathrooms were clean.  I wish I lived closer to Scramble as it would definitely be a regular in my rotation.  Even though it's a bit of a drive for me, I will be back... especially to check out their upcoming "breakfast for dinner" charity events on Wednesday nights.  (Stay tuned for info on the Yelp events calendar).You've got a new fan in me, Scramble... see you again soon!
Whoa!  What happen to Ticoz? This place use to be awesome.  As I waited for an eternity to get a drink I looked around the place and it looked like it was in desperate need of some TLC - furniture and carpets need to be cleaned, walls need to be repainted.  The plants were all dead in the women's restroom.  This place is dying a slow death.  What used to be a happening place for happy hour was dead, it was sad hour.  The service was terrible!  We were sitting in an empty bar and it still took a while to get a drink.  My friends and I were going to order apps but they never came back to ask us if we wanted food, thank god too because we would have had to stay there longer.  We chugged our drinks and bounced out.
I recently received a $100 gift card to Ruth's Chris from my students, so Hubby and I decided to use it last night. Overall, we had an excellent meal. Hubby had the gumbo as a starter. It was very flavorful, but had a little less heat than he would have preferred- maybe with the addition of a couple of dashes of Tabasco, he said, it would have been awesome. I had the Caprese salad with thick slices of beautifully ripe and flavorful beefsteak tomato, buffalo mozzarella, fresh basil, and a nice balsamic vinaigrette dressing. I appreciated that they let the tomato and mozzarella be the star by not drowning it in dressing. I absolutely loved the addition of a big piece of flash fried basil, which is something I have seen done a few times on cooking shows recently. Unexpectedly scrumptious.Both our steaks were perfectly cooked (but you need to be aware that Ruth's Chris tends to under-cook slightly, so a medium-rare is just barely so, flirting with rare). Hubby had the buffalo rib-eye Chef's special which was farm-raised, our server told us, so the meat was not very gamey. It was firmer than a standard rib-eye, but less fatty, and very flavorful. He got it with a mustard crust, which was overkill. I had the regular rib-eye, and it was wonderful. We shared a sauteed mushroom side. Neither of us came close to finishing the huge portions, especially because we were saving some room to share the creme brulee. It came just slightly warmed with a perfect sugar crust and beautiful fresh berry garnish. It is one of the best brulees I have ever had- even better than I can make myself! :) The coffee was mediocre.Is Ruth's Chris the best steak we have ever had? No- that would be Craftsteak in Vegas, but it's still worth the money. Our biggest complaint was our garrulous server- just this side of arrogant and annoying. He must have spent a half-hour loudly waxing poetic about wine, his grandparents, and Chicago to the people behind us, while we sat neglected. And we were amused to note that some of what he said was inaccurate. Oh well, don't know the answer? Bullshit like you do!
Since moving to Arizona, the only good Asian restaurants I've tried are usually Thai restaurants. I always order Pad Thai, so this is the beginning of a comparison of Pad Thai in Mesa & Phoenix.I got the lunch special Pad Thai with fried tofu. It was $6.95 + tax. The portion was decent, and they gave me a good amount of tofu. There wasn't lime, and not enough bean sprouts/peanuts in my dish. I asked for lime but they only had lemon, so I used that instead. I liked that it wasn't very oily, but maybe that's why the Pad Thai wasn't as flavorful in my opinion.
Say what you want about form preceding function in the west-coast restaurant scene (and you'd be right), but Fox RC knows what they're doing. All of their restaurants are well-designed, well-staffed and well-fooded. [The notable exception being Olive & Ivy, which I feel is like the gorgeous girl at the party who talks a lot, but really shouldn't].Culinary Dropout is one of Fox's best and, so far, most unique productions. It's a beautiful contradiction. Trashy class, unrefined elegance. And it's confident, in both its design and cuisine. The Fish and Chips (with a PBR of course) were the best I've had in my entire life, and not by a little.But CD is not for every person, nor for every occasion. Establishments with this much arrogance forfeit the luxury of being able to rub everyone the right way. Generally, I don't see it as a "girls night out" destination or a place you'd go for Mom's birthday. Then again, I'm sure there are some classy women out there who'd appreciate the paper-bagged Pabst as much as I do.  CD is something to be experienced, at least once, even if you decide afterward that it's not your cup of tea. Stop by for dinner or drinks, appreciate the place for what it is,  and know that the menu means "crusty bread" in the best way possible.Cheers
Native Phoenician here. Have been eating at the Tee-Pee for as long as I can remember. One thing that very poignantly stands out is coming back to the Tee-Pee after coming back after living somewhere else for several years. What stands out is the memories of the food. When I left it was good, when I got back it was terrible. The quality of the food has slid slowly into ho-hum-dom, and then further into what am I paying for? If you've read my profile, you'll notice that I'm HUGE on value. Does what you are getting measure up to what you are paying for? If I know I'm getting 5 Star food and service, I'll pay for it. It just seems that things at the Tee-Pee have started to change from really being interested in putting out great food for a great price, to playing off the hype that has become the Arcadia neighborhood hotspot places. It's most disappointing that what was once a favorite hangout, has left me finding other places to get good mexi-chow.
Take it from a real live Indian who used to live in New Delhi: this is the best, most authentic, just like mom makes it food in phoenix. And the groceries are good too - this is one of the few places in the Valley I can get a Thums Up (if you don't know what that is, you best find out!!).Great selection of namkeen (salty snacks) and decent fresh asian veggie section (kerela, persian cucumbers, daikon, the works). I love going there, pickin up my faves, and having a quick bhel puri. :) Yes, all these things I have mentioned above may not be the mainstream type of thing, but seriously, TRY THEM OUT! You're missing out if you don't!
Sticking with my New Year's resolution to lose a few pounds,  I have started walking my dog about 3-4 miles every morning. With the temp slowly creeping up I tend to go out early as possible.  With not much going on that early in the morning you tend to notice things. This was one. After passing by this place a few times I decided to do a little investigating. OK so let me get a few things out the way. The area is not bad as others have said (there is a high school next door so how bad can it be?). It is in a strip mall so the restaurant is not very big. They have been in business at the same location for over 20 years. Also a word of warning the place does get packed by the early bird crowd around 4pm so come early or after 6pm if you want a good table. Also while the place is not what I would call fancy you can tell that they have actually put some thought into how the place was decorated. Nice solid wood tables are set up family style with little booths in the back, a perfect place for teens and the young at heart to grab a slice with their sweet heart. They even went so far as to put a table in front of the open kitchen so you can watch as they create your meal from scratch. Their claim to fame is the pizza they offer. One look at the menu and you see the usual cast of characters. But what stood out to me was they offer wheat and gluten free products for those looking for a few options. Their pizza sizes are kind of unusual as they start with a 8 inch mini and go up to a 16 inch extra large. The sauce was light and nice tasting and the crust lived up to the sourdough claim as well. Not over powering but the flavor was a nice change up from the usual chain offerings. Not in the mood for pizza (what is wrong with you?) they also offer pasta, deserts, sandwiches, soups and salads. This is one great little neighborhood place! And I for one am glad to be it's neighbor (Mr. Rodgers music plays) LOL.
I snub my nose at you zealous purists out there. I like my cheese steaks bastardized. Hold your cheese whiz. Drop the beef and toss on some chicken. And make sure to add vegetables. Yes, vegetables. Blasphemy, I know. Give me mushrooms, onions, green peppers, tomatoes. Mmmm. In fact, you could even hold the meat and I would be alright with that. The hot sandwiches at Corleone's are a happy medley of these two extremes. For the purists, there's the Philly Original and for us West Coast blasphemers there's everything from Buffalo Chicken to Veggie Subs. The fries are pretty decent (it takes some real effort--or neglect--to fuck up french fries) but the onion rings leave a lot to be desired.  I've tried a couple different hot sandwiches, including the Philly Original, and it's always a greasy, messy event. The majority of the time the juice and grease of the contents melt right through the damn roll, leaving me with a pile of napkins, a mangled sandwich, and a frown on my face. (I really dislike it when my food falls apart. I usually bite of it as hard as I can to try and inflict pain on the offending meal. The food has never acknowledged my attack. It's a pretty irrational tradition.) So if keeping your sandwich in one edible piece is big in your book, I wouldn't recommend this place. The actual restaurant is pretty small, with a long bar with stools and several high tables to enjoy your vittles at. It's also a little bit on the hot side since half of the restaurant is the kitchen, and it gets a bit noisy with all the ordering, grilling and chit chat, but it's a really lively atmosphere and they offer delivery or take out if you're in a hurry. They're open really late too, especially on the weekends, in order to cater to the Mill Avenue night life.On Tuesdays they have a special that's pretty ace. It's a buy one get one deal on any sandwich in the place--of equal or lesser value (just imagine that in small print)--so you and a friend can eat for cheap or you've got one sandwich for dinner and another for lunch the next day.I know a lot of people that adore this place, but it's just not my thing. Cheese steaks are not the food of gods to me, but if the thought of hot beef and cheese whiz has you gargling saliva like Homer Simpson, you'll probably enjoy it and rate it higher.
I am disappointed.  I wanted to like this place.  My husband and I decided to give this place a try.  Big mistake.  What a waste of a "date night".  It was very busy, so we decided to sit at the bar.  Not a minute after we sat down one of the girls behind the bar broke a glass and shards flew in our direction.  My husband was hit in the face and even pieces of glass were in his hair.  What did this girl do?  Nothing, lifted her head and asked "did I hit you?" my response was, "I think you can see glass all over his hair and in front of him".  Under her breath she said "sorry" and turned around to take care of other people.  I asked someone else at the bar if this is the way they welcome their patrons, because I might be missing something.  Eventually one of the managers came and apologized and bought us a round of drinks.  The sushi is not great, is your typical load of mayonnaise to mask everything.  There are better places for sushi.
Paint me with tasty grease* and marinara...I'm  f#cking A impressed!I strolled in the the first time the other day, the little joint was packed, I barely got a parking spot in back. It was around lunch time and as you can imagine between 2 Hippies and this place, it's tough to get in.Anyway I wasn't sure what to get so the nice folk behind the counter suggested I just try their lunch special.His idea was a stellar one.The special was two one topping slices and a can of soda for 4 bucks. That can't really be beat. The slices were huge, two slices basically equaled a quarter pie (felt like about 4 lbs!). Tasty fresh pepperoni, no shortage of mozzarella and good quality mozz I might add as well.The little dinning room (and I mean micro) was seatless, all were taken except one 4 top with three suit and tie lawyers noshing at it. They eyed me/sized me with my giant slices and can of Mountain Dew and immediately invited me into their circle. There they offered me a piece of their fine sausage pie. Killer as well. Nice patrons (probably made friendly  by the fine flavorful pie!)This is probably the best NYC style slices I have had west of the Mississippi. I shit ya not.I'll definitely be back and I hope to see you there.Ciao!*pizza is suppose to be greasy!
I would love to be writing a review right now of JoBot's delicious coffee and scones... but, alas, I cannot because the snob of a barista refused to even acknowledge our presence let alone actually offer to serve us a coffee.  We stumbled upon JoBot on a random Saturday driving through downtown and thought we would stop in for a drink.  There were four or five other people in the place and we took a seat up at the bar.  The barista was in the process of taking another person's order and everyone else appeared to have been served already.  We had no problems waiting while he wrapped up.  Ten minutes later... and he still hasn't said a peep to us, hasn't even made eye contact actually.  The thrill of supporting a local business waned and we eventually (13 min after arriving) got up and left.  It truly felt as though we didn't fit their desired clientele and therefore they didn't want to be bothered with us polluting their hip aesthetic.  Give me Starbucks' friendly baristas over that crap any day.
A very cute place where you can eat and shop! The shop had trinkets, expensive clothes, and candy. Very random.The food isn't too bad. I had the Counter Chopped salad ($6.25) with turkey, blue cheese, grapes, candied pecans, and a lemon poppy seed dressing. The salad ingredients were fresh, and I loved the candied pecans. A friend had the grilled cheese sandwich. omg.. it took like 15 minutes just to get a grilled cheese.. I have no idea why the cooks took so long!! Just place a slice of American cheese in between two breads, melt, and wham! All done! The menu doesn't have a lot of choices, but the place is crowded. Prepare yourself to fight for seats.
"Honey, can you stop at the grocery store and pick me up a loaf of bread and a sofa."  Seriously.  This store is crazy.  What is with Fry's anyway?  They run the gamut from "I need a surgical mask and gloves to shop here" to "I think I need to put on something nice to buy toilet paper."  This one is really nice.  It's like it's own shopping center with everything from indoor & outdoor furniture and accessories, toys, linens, appliances, and...oh yeah, food.  The grocery store at Marketplace (are all Marketplace's the same?) is so much nicer than at the regular Fry's stores.  Produce looks good, nice liquor selection, great deli with a wide variety of "heat and serve" entrees that are actually good, sushi, etc.  And if you need to pick up a few Christmas gifts after you grab your tampons, you're in luck.One star off because I actually pulled into a parking space that was reserved for pregnant women.  WTF!  They had sex and now they can't walk?
If your looking for something off the dollar menu...sorry, you came to the wrong spot!If your looking for an AWESOME, mouth-watering, big as yo' face, gourmet burger...then this is the place for you!!!! The burgers are fit for a King... or a Queen, like myself  :DIndulge has a great menu from fried pickles, fresh salmon salad, onion strings or sweet potato fries, and of course the burgers!  They have some pre-combination burgers for you to choose from or if you want to get crafty with your burger you can build your own!I feel the best part of the build your own burger is the unique sauces, from my boyfriends favorite rajun cajun sauce and my go-to spicy sour cream sauce. I love to mix up my burger combination choices whenever I'm at Indulge and I can never go wrong, its always delish!!Besides the food, the staff is very friendly and attentive.  Not to mention the owner is always in the restaurant, making sure everyones experience is nothing but the best!!
This place is charming. Space age chairs and oh-so-wonderful for summer shorts wearing crowd vinyl seating options inside are sleekly (if not sweaty thigh friendly) designed and make MoJo a pretty cool place to chill on Mill, har har. I'd read some reviews of the Biltmore location with people seeming to be a little upset about pricing, but to load up an expensive amount of froyo at this place seems like it would be a rather epic task, only conquerable by the hunger of frozen treat hungry 5 year olds or teen age boys. Whatever. It is as affordable as you make it on yourself and yummy. My man enjoyed a smoothie tonight and was pleased with his cost comparison points to a Jamba Juice smoothie of similar poundage, so if the man is both happy with his money and his stomach is filled life is good.  The fruit flavors pleased other people in my Mojo safari group. I tried the original chocolate, cookies and blah blah chocolate, the latte flavor, and the mint. The mint won out on my non-frozen treat honed palette (I get gelato every now and then am not a big icy treat fan) and brought a smile to my face. This isn't a revolutionary place but it is clean, well run and had good service with no smarm. Bless its inoffensive little heart.
I am a low maintenance kinda gal & I have a knack for finding the goods on the cheap. So, while the prices on this menu weren't exactly Denny's, or even Macaroni Grill, for that matter, the experience and quality more than make up for it, thereby placing it in a category In Another Galaxy, Far Far Away. If you enjoy the corporate, droll, scary birthday singers of the former mentions, well then go there & save your 20%. That being said, sometimes you have to fork it over (ok a cheap shot at humor) to experience true cuisine. Upon arriving at Tuck Shop at 6:30 on a Saturday night with no reservation, we were warmly greeted by what appeared to be the manager, not sure why I'm saying that, just a hunch. The construction of the restaurant was either a former house or reconstructed to look like one, complete with a family room filled with books, coffee tables & art to the side of the dining area. I don't know why a reviewer felt that this restaurant didn't offer privacy. There were several options of seating if you did not have the bigger parties occupying the large, banquet like seating in the middle. We were immediately addressed by our server, who went over the menu, took our drink order and brought them very quickly.We decided on the Spinach Salad with parmesan tuiles, caramelized prosciutto & shaved roasted sweet potato. I think there was some sort of light citrus dressing, amazing. The flavors were so complimentary and it tasted totally natural & unprocessed, yay. Then, we shared the bread with the roasted garlic, hmmmmm. Even the olive oil tasted high quality! Then, on to the Vodka cream sauce ravioli stuffed with cremini mushrooms & veal, wow. My girlfriend & I shared this all & it was perfect for us, though neither of us have very large appetites. However, we were STUFFED. I asked the bartender to add a shot of vodka to my "homemade" lemonade, which was perfect. The lemonade reminds me of the fresh not too sweet variety I used to get with my family on summer trips to Mexico. I just couldn't order dessert but there really were only 2 selections. I think our server was Cray or Gray, something like that, he was awesome, so professional & very easygoing. Attentive to times we were in conversation as well, would just do what was needed & carry on, nice touch. Will definitely go w/ my hubby - that place is right up his alley! hope we get Cray, Gray, Clay???? again.........
The atmosphere is unique, unlike other bar-b-que places I've been to. The patio is much like a garden patio at a home with brick walls and plants high enough to block the traffic / side street noises.  The indoors has a rustic, yet, elligant patio feel to it with the brick walls and rustic wood ceilings.  The furniture is again, more of a patio feel than a typical bar-b-que restaurant.  The noise level was not too loud that you couldn't hear people at your own table. The food was wonderful! Although my husband said their burger was too greasy, that was the only downfall.  My brother and I had the St. Louis ribs.  The way they caramelize the bar-b-que sauce on the ribs is great. They aren't runny with sauce dripping down your hand. The rib meat falls off the bone and easy enough to eat with a fork or picking it up. The sides were great. I had the macaroni and cheese which was definitely homemade. Not runny and not too dry. The cheese flavor was not too strong either.  I would  be prepared to wait a bit for a table because they appeared to always be busy. Overall, I really enjoyed this place and would go back again!
I have always enjoyed coming to Tommy Bahama.  Ever since I went the first time a bizillion years ago to the Sarasota, FL location.  They are very competent with their meals and their drinks and desserts are out of this world.   I went with a group of 12 women, since we were staying at the Westin for our annual twin mom's weekend away from family.  We had a fantastic server, Alisa.  She was so attentive and kept everyone happy.  All of us were super impressed with her.  I had as usual my coconut shrimp.  I had a taste of one of my friends tortilla soup.  It was very tasty.  Our drinks were so good.  I had the Pineapple Jalapeño Mojito and the Raspberry Mojito.  Both were sensational, I think I liked the pineapple jalapeño a little better.  Not as sweet, but equally strong.  For dessert this time I wanted to try their newest one, the Pineapple Creme Brûlée, I was happy to share it with several friends, since all of their desserts are super rich and delicious but full of calories.  You can feel your hips expanding with every bite.  I stopped at three.  Now I will have to work out a little harder to compensate for all the fun I had this weekend.
When my co-workers both had that blah feeling today, I decided we should try The Art of Soup. I had heard about from Amanda B. (thanks Amanda!) at a recent Yelp event, and had I not known where to find it, I probably wouldn't have found it!The three soups being served today were an Asian Mushroom, Chicken with Spinach, and a Persian Yogurt soup. Jacquelyn had the Mushroom. Erin had the Chicken. I was the super-star who had ALL THREE!No, I'm not a big piggy - I had a flight of soup! Instead of one 8oz cup/bowl of soup, I had three 4oz cups of soup, so I got to try each one. My favorite was the mushroom, but each was fantastic. The mushroom soup was today's vegan option, and it was incredibly flavorful without being over seasoned or salty. The mushrooms were the perfect consistency .... Yum!What I loved most about getting the flight was I tend to get bored of soup. I have a few slurps and then it just gets old. However, with the flights, right when I was feeling done with one taste, I had an entirely different taste waiting for me.  And, I honestly would have never selected the Persian Yogurt soup, but I was glad I got to try it. It was very refreshing (I saved it for last), especially on a hot day. The combination of dill and mint was fragrant and fresh, while the sweetness of the raisins complemented the bitterness of the radishes and walnuts sprinkled on top.  Janet, the owner, told me all about where the recipe for the Persian Yogurt soup came from, and she also shared with us that all of the ingredients wer purchased at the farmer's market that very morning. For dessert, we indulged in amazing chocolate chip cookies from Urban Cookies .... Yum ..... But perhaps that's another review!
Great place for Japanese takeout or a quick inexpensive meal.  This is not a place where you will get super quality meal.  I am rating this for what it is.  We live around the area so this is our Japanese takeout place.  You can call ahead and in 20 minutes will have your meal ready to go.  They recently turn this place into a sit down restaurant in stead of counter order.  If you have kids there is a window where they can view the guy/gal making sushi/sashimi.  This is great if your waiting for your food (takeout or sitdown).  Works for me most of the time.Would recommend if your in the area and need a quick meal.
Although this Vietnamese dining spot is in a food court - in Mekong Plaza -  the quality of the food is excellent. The ingredients are really fresh and the dishes are well prepared and delicious. For the same (low) price you would pay in other Vietnamese dining establishments, the food you get is of higher quality. There's also a rather wide variety of dishes to choose from, considering that it's in a food court setting. The owner is very friendly and I appreciate her help in understanding what the unfamiliar dishes are. I would have given this five stars if it were in a full restaurant setting rather than in a food court atmosphere with a shared seating area.
It's 10:30am on Friday and I called to make reservations for that night and Eddie answers the phone and takes my reservation. Should I say much more than that? I mean, what restaurant owner/renowned Chef actually does that? I've been a fan of all of Eddie's restaurants, but this one has a different vibe. Not stuffy, very  comfortable and good home cooking with a culinary twist.We started with the Mo' rock shrimp appetizer which was amazing, arguable one of the best I've ever had! Huge prawns in a citrus herb sauce and it comes with "dough balls" to soak of the sauce... someone was obviously thinking! I had the Tenderloin encased on Parmesan crusted mashed potatoes, it was a lot of potatoes and little bit of meat, but the Julian vegetables surrounding the mound-o-potatoes were amazing! My boyfriend had the Chilean Seabass with lemon candied broccolini, it was light,  the plate was a bit "empty' but over taste was great! We shared the Mac and Cheese with toasted prosciutto and I'm sure this was the best part of the meal! Overall, I love the atmosphere, and I felt that the food was well priced! Try and sit near the back of the house, you get to watch all of the actions in the Top Chef meets Hell's Kitchen! Negative: our reservation was for 7:30 and we got sat at 8:10- they didn't buy our drinks at the bar while we waiting but were apologetic. If you're a fanatic about being on time, I don't think this is the place for you; I would say this is the only reason why I  gave it 3 versus stars!
I had a nice meal and the bartender was great but I left wanting more.  Stockyards really isn't expensive compared to other big city steak houses because your steak includes a salad and starch.  I had a 12 oz NY strip(cooked perfectly), salad and a baked potato with 2 glasses of wine all for under $80.  Pretty reasonable.  The issue I have with this place is how boring it is.  There is ZERO energy.  Thursday night, Coyote's playoff game on TV and there was one dude at the bar from Alabama telling me how great  football is.  This place needs Restaurant Impossible to come in and liven the joint up.  Make it brighter, play some music and attract people under the age 65.  The 1950's are gone.
I Love any place that I can get Lunch at 10:30am. Vincents has a ton of different pizza by the slice all day everyday, plus a full menu of appetizers, entrees, salads and dessert, not to mention some family meal deals and they even deliver!! I took advantage of their lunch menu several times already even though they just opened on August 19th. I've tried 4 different kinds of pizza, the garlic knots, which by the way I saw them making and actually hand knotting the dough right there, and one of their chicken Parmesan rolls which is the chicken, sauce and cheese with dough wrapped around it than baked, really really tasty! They have a lot to offer and I will probably gain 50 pounds if I keep going there but there is still so much more I want to try!Check them out, they are right next to the AMC Theater on Ray Rd. and the I-10.
I recently ventured to Downtown Chandler to explore the city and lunch with Yelper Anna M. She is a Chandler connoisseur so I left the lunch choice up to her -- with the reference of trustee yelp too of course! She chose Latitude 8 and so I was excited to try out one of her favorite spots. I'll admit, typically I don't choose Thai for lunchtime, especially when it's so hot outside, but since I was in the area, I wanted to try the best of what the area had to offer so I gave it a whirl. I walked inside and immediately like the fresh, airy and open atmosphere. While it's Thai food, the atmosphere was modern and a perfect "ladies lunch" location. After a quick glance at the menu, I noticed that they offer a nice lunch option of three courses for about $12 (I think)? I decided I wasn't that hungry for three courses, but I noted this option for a future visit! Instead Anna and I got the chicken curry and Pad Thai and decided to share so that we could taste both dishes. I'm a sucker for curry and this curry dish hit the spot. It was heavy in taste but not in meal and came with a small bowl of rice and a large bowl full of chicken and curry. The Pad Thai was much heavier but also tasty. The sauce had a little crunch to it, almost like eating a shell so that threw me off a bit, but it was still a good dish. I think I would order the chicken curry over the Pad Thai next visit. In summary, the food here is good and the prices are very reasonable as well. Definitely a restaurant worth visiting if you are in the area and looking for decent Thai (although, I'm no Thai expert so take that part with a grain of salt).
I work down the street from this location and I'm glad I do! They have a good selection of pupusas and all of the ones I have tasted haven't let me down.  My favorites are the chicharon and queso as well as the shrimp pupusa.  They are served with some tasty black beans and some rice.  Both of these are very different from what you get in a Mexican restaurant.  To drink I ordered horchata, which I guess in El Salvador is different from Mexico.  It has a slightly nuttier flavor but it's still very good and refreshing.  Next time we go back, we will try one of their entrees (with a couple pupusas on the side) and see what else this Salvadorean cuisine has to offer! If it's anything like the pupusas, I am sure to be satisfied!
My daughter and her boyfriend had spotted a "Grand Opening" sign on this little restaurant in a local strip mall recently and wanted to try it so all three of us went here on Monday April 18.  Wow--great place!  The server couldn't have been sweeter, more informative or more attentive.  They have all the usual dishes, plus more unusual ones like Alligator, Snails, Anti-oxident drinks.  I ordered the Quail, fried (or you can get it rotisserie-style), daughter got a chicken dish and shared her delicious rice with me (mine only came with accompanying greens but no noodles or rice), her boyfriend got a combination Pho soup that included pork, liver, quail egg, squid, crab, shrimp, rice noodles and we shared some crispy egg rolls for a starter.Everything was top quality and fresh and very reasonably priced (about $6-8 ea).  We were very happy we went here and the server gave us a coupon for 10% off our next visit.  I will definitely put this one on my go-to list for future trips.
This place is right down the street from the office, and I've gone here with co-workers for lunch many times over the past few months.  The place is okay, and seems to have some serious track betting going on here. Several TV's with horse racing on, machines and some betting tickets and such. I'm not much of a better myself, so I'm not even really sure how it works at this place.Anyways, I'm kind of torn between two and three stars for this place.  For starters, the inside kind of feels dated, and its always dark when we're there. Also, we usually sit in the back when we are here, since our party size is usually between 6 and 9 people at any given time.  Someone always calls ahead from the office to let them know we're coming in, so they already have the table set up in the back for us when we arrive.My problem is two fold with Armadillos. First, is that it the service always seems slow, and secondly, they don't seem to have a great lunch menu. It seems to be mostly dinner type dishes, that can be quite big and heavy for the middle of the day.  They have an insert to their menu with "daily specials" but nothing that really caters to the lunch crowd.  I mean, sometimes I want a light lunch, not a huge heavy lunch that makes me tired for the rest of the day.Also, most of the time here it seems to take forever to get our bill, and our food. I know their busy cooking it, but being that they open at 11 AM, and when we arrive we're usually the first people to be in there (aside from a few stragglers at the bar) I wish it wouldn't take so long to get our food.  Plus, we only have an hour for lunch!  One time, it took so long to get our bill, we started getting ansy and tried to hurry out of the place. We have to be back at the office by 12:30, and we didn't get our bills until 12:30!  By the time we all got our change and cards back and left, it was after 12:45, and we didn't get back to the office until 12:50.  We were 20 minutes late back from lunch!I only go here now because once in a while the ladies from work take me, and its not half bad food. I just wish they had a better lunch time menu and that the service would pick up a bit so we don't spend so much time waiting and paying for our bills.
Normally pithy nicknames and a vegetarian friendly mission statement scares this carniverous reviewer off.   Usually the wit bespeaks hippy cliche and the veggy-weirdo friendly menu ensures I'll struggle to find anything that once moo'd and if I do, it will taste like processed rubber.Not so at "That's a Wrap."  My wife describes this adorable wrap shop as being one which makes both her inner slut and inner fat girl happy.  It allowed her to eat good food until she was full without feeling guilty about ruining her diet.   She enjoyed the my sherry amore.  I enjoyed the Rocky VII, basically a cheesesteak wrap.  Both were excellent.  The pasta salad was pedestrian but decent and the fresh fruit salad was spectacularly fresh.   Very reasonably priced and an aesthetically pleasing interior.   Parking is a bitch though a serious problem if you go during a busy time like the lunch hour.  Have someone who can parralel park do the driving.
They were onto something when they named this place Dick's Hideaway. My friend and I felt like we were on a treasure hunt to find this hidden gem. We passed it probably 3 times as it is disguised with a sign that says "Additional Parking in Rear". No sign with their name but they are right next door to Luci's Grocery Store on the Northwest corner of 16th Street and Bethany Home.Once we finally found the speak-easy like restaurant we were surprised at how small it was. There was a bar section that could seat a max of 10 people and then 3 booths against the wall. There was a room next door with an extensive wine cellar and tables big enough for 6-8 people. The room was dimly lit to give it an intimate feel but not too gag-me-with-a-spoon romantic as there were several flat screen TVs with the DBack's game on. They have a wood burning stove that gives the restaurant a campfire smell...making it seem that you're in the middle of nowhere in the wild west at a divey saloon (but much more classy).On to the good stuff...I had researched the menu prior to getting there to give myself an idea of what they had. I was excited to see that they had breakfast and then sorely disappointed when I found out it's only served until 4 PM. Yelp considers this place Tex-Mex but I would have to disagree and say that it's definitely got a taste of the 505 (New Mexico speak for those of you that aren't in the know).As I mentioned in my previous review, whenever I go to Mexican style restaurants, I will judge them by their enchiladas. I decided to be on the wild side tonight and try something different. I went with the Carne Adovada since the server advised it was spicy and I like it hot and a glass of the Malbec. My friend opted to get the red, white, and blue enchiladas.While I normally love Malbecs, this one was more on the "eh" scale as it was too earthy and overly ambitious with the tannins. So if you like a strong red wine, this one is for you!We got our food and they were not joking when they said the plate was hot. You can get third degree burns from those steel embossed cowboy-like plates. Also, if you are watching your calories or trying to control your portions...this is definitely not the place as the servings could feed two people. The Carne Adovada was delicious...the meat was tender, juicy, with a red chile kick and topped with a layer of melted gooey cheddar cheese. The rice and beans were tasty and the homemade tortilla made the meal complete. My friend let me try her enchiladas and let me tell you - they do not disappoint! Next time I will definitely be getting those!We were in a food coma getting ready to go home and put on the stretchy pants when we were informed that there was a massive dust storm taking over metro Phoenix. I felt like I was back in CO experiencing a blizzard of sand. So we decided to stick around for a bit longer. Good thing we did because we wouldn't have been able to try, by far, the greatest flan I've ever tried. Dare I say better than my mom's flan? Gasp...I would dare say so! The flan was delicately creamy with just the perfect amount of sweetness in every bite. I've never had a flan that was a mousse-like texture and not custardly. Hope you like flan cuz that's the only dessert they have there!Overall, I give Dick's Hideaway a 4 because I can't give them a 4.5. The service was great and our server was friendly. The food, ambiance, and good company made the night. I will most definitely be returning to the hideaway known as Dick's.
I agree with some of the other reviewers. The food is great, but seems a bit over priced. Combo plates range between 7-10 bucks! For a corner "dive" with no waiter service, that seems a bit much. The burros are delish! Something about the quality of the large tortillas they use. For starters, they're authentic. Not big, white, overly floury ones like you buy in the grocery. Folks must love 'em b/c they sell them in a package! The salsa bar is stocked w/ 3 different house made salsas, pico de gallo, and jalapenos w/ marinated carrots and onions. Not all salsas are made alike! I love theirs! Enjoy!
Babbo regularly holds up as a favorite in the valley and particularly stands out in the sea of chains that tend to overwhelm the northwest side of town.This used to be a tiny crowded bistro in the middle of a shopping center, but was able to expand into the space next door and now leaves plenty of elbow room.  The bench seating is particularly cool and the decor is guilty of falling into the modern chic realm.  The place has a nice ambiance, and it's a great place to go on a date or, post-expansion, in a group.  It's also a comfortable spot for solo-dining.Regarding the food: I've never been unhappy.  Not once.  I've been eating here for years.  My favorite dish is the curry chicken and pear pasta.  When I'm not adventurous enough to give it up and try something new, I have a tendency to taste test from appropriate parties.  They're great about special orders and if the ingredients are available, they'll make it.  The rosemary bread makes me melt.The deserts are huge.  The tiramisu is adorable served in a coffee cup, yet I've never found it particularly good.  The other offerings, however, are dreamy.If you're trying to sweep me off my feet, this is the place to go.
I've often used the word Chinamerican to help describe food being made at some Chinese restaurants. This type Americanized Chinese cookery usually includes the same suspects like sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, lo mein and can be found pretty much anywhere except Old Town Scottsdale. Now the owners of Geisha A Go Go and Stingray Sushi have opened another Asian concept capturing the essence of Chinamerican, Jimmy Woo's. While cool and modern inside, they somehow managed to pay homage to the type of Chinese restaurants I knew when I was a kid. There are no white and pink table cloths here but the half moon shaped black leather booths, dim lighting and old school Chinese menu evokes a 70's mod vibe. Be sure to check out the enormous abacus, it'll be the largest you'll ever see. Outdoors, Woo's has a fantastic patio that faces Scottsdale Road which is great for people watching.Woo's offers a daily happy hour that starts at 3pm, which gets you drink discounts and a well priced small plates menu. Offerings such as plump and juicy Pan Fried Pork Dumplings ($4) and a plate full of fork tender, lightly fried Salt and Pepper Calamari ($5.25) are stand outs. If you pair these with a carafe of hot Sake ($4), happy hour could be a meal in of itself.Looking over you'll notice that it's all about the classics and these classics are done pretty well, starting with Hot and Sour Soup ($5.95). Yes this is on every single Chinese menu around town but Woo's version adds tofu, mushrooms, egg, bamboo and chicken making for a hearty robust soup. Be sure to ask for some chili paste, the nose clearing effect is like tasty medicine. After one bite of the Chinese Chicken Salad ($8.95), you couldn't help but notice that while well dressed in a peanut ginger dressing, it lacked any sort of flavor punch. Made with napa cabbage, carrot, bell pepper, snap peas and scallions then topped with fried noodles and almonds, the ingredients were vibrant and fresh. Hopefully they reconfigure their dressing since the added brightness from citrus juice or vinegar can be key to taking ho-hum to wow. Slightly crispy, tender, sweet and sour tossed with bits of chili and citrus peel, the Orange Beef ($13.95) was decent. For me this is what Asian style cooking is all about, appealing to many of my senses without any one being overwhelmed. However on another visit this dish was so overly sweetened and gloopy that it was pretty much inedible. Different chef?I thought it was funny the veggie only, Eggplant with Tofu and Mushroom ($15) dish was one of the most expensive on the menu. Don't get me wrong, this dish was tasty with its slightly sweet sauce and well cooked vegetables it's just priced oddly high. I found it  funny that many of the shrimp and scallop dishes are priced less than this one. Go figure. Jimmy Woo's may woo you with its sophisticated yet fun atmosphere, but for me it was the friendly service and their ability to make Chinese hip and cool. I only wish the food was as hip and cool.
We went for our first trip this morning. When we drove by at about 9:45 a.m. it looked abandoned. So we were not sure if it was still operating. After waiting for a few minutes a few folks started arriving so we figured it will open soon. When it opened we were really surprised how many tables it held as it looks like it might fit three at best. Now mind you it is not huge, but larger than it looks. There were five of us and we fit well. We were greeted by a very nice young lady. In fact I would say this place has the cutest staff around. What I mean by that is they were all smiling friendly adorable folks.We ordered our food and were attended to for drinks. Very large mason jars are used for the drinks and filled to the top. The food came. Four of us chicken and waffles and one had the rice and gizzards with gravy. We all loved the chicken, very tasty and quite crispy. Three of us liked the waffles, I being the dissenter. There was nothing wrong with them, it is just personal taste. I did not like the cinnamon added. We all took a bite of the rice and gizzards. Really good flavour with wonderful gravy. A good time had by all.
At last, a sushi bar that isn't a hot spot, and isn't completely devoid of atmosphere. It is the perfect balance -- clean, but comfortable, sophisticated, yet friendly. What's more, the food is EXCELLENT.I have been there three times so far, and I have yet to find complaint with the food. The sushi is fresh and fantastic. Hana orders whole fish, straight from the coast. The ahi I had was glossy and ruby red; the flavor delicate. It had the perfect texture, with just enough "give," so that one does not struggle with biting it, and not so soft that it lacks substance. It was also a generous portion, draped over a small, but flavorful rice ball.Their tempura has lovely and light batter, and it enrobes fresh, crisp veggies, and sweet, tender shrimp. The miso soup is also good, and they don't hold back on the goodies. For once, I found that tofu can have flavor!When I ordered the bento, it was filled with all sorts of treats! Some I could not even identify. I am embarrassed to say, I was well and truly stuffed, when I finished eating it all. Surprisingly, the prices are very reasonable! Nigiri goes for about $3-$5, maki about $5-$10, noodle dishes $80-$10, and entrees $12-$15. I have only been during lunch time, so I don't know if these change for dinner.That all said, since it is brand-spanking new, and its staff is still learning the ropes, Hana struggles a bit with service. Sometimes entrees come out poorly-timed. Sometimes you have to wait for your dishes to be cleared. You might get a bit thirsty, waiting for your refill.But it is worth it. It is so worth it. Check it out!
We stopped by this F&E yesterday to pick up something for lunch... at first glance, I thought I was in love... but then I looked deeper and realized that there are a few things they could add to make it better.  You know, kind of like when you are set up on a blind date, you hear great things about this person, you see them and your psyched... and then they start talking and they're either dumber than a doornail or completely boring.  That's kind of how I felt.Like Kelly said, it's clean and easy to navigate.  I love how they have a combination of organic as well as regular name brand items including soda, gum. dog food, cleaning products, etc... Prices weren't bad compared to other grocery stores either.  Much cheaper than Whole Foods and AJ's I believe...My suggestion would be to add a little bit more to the sandwich and salad selection and also to have some kind of ready-to-go tuna and/or chicken salad.  We settled on hummus and each got a field green salad and a package of pita bread.  Which brings me to the next suggestion - add tables outside for those that want to eat there!Other than that, I was impressed... and the service was wonderful.  Several employees helped us navigate through the store and the friendly fellow who checked us out even gave us a coupon to save $5!We took our purchase to a park nearby and had a picnic... it was really fresh and we enjoyed our lunch.  Very cute how they stick a little fork and napkin in as well - nice touch.  We'll be back for sure!
I hate this place. Seriously  hate this place. I have been coming here for 10 years and they still tell me restrooms are for customers. Never mind that I work at Chase, I'm wearing a badge and a collared shirt and purchasing an ice tea...I'm probably not a customer...I'm probably a crazy vagrant that is going to poop on the floor in the bathroom, yea I said  it, but it wasn't me....It must have been the last person they let use it.. A real customer. Disgusting.. The food here sucks. Their bagels are stale, their eggs are not from a chicken, I don't know where they are from.. Maybe a giraffe (ok the banana bread is good but that's it), their drinks are over priced. And even though the chick behind the counter looks like she is on crack, she must not be, because she certainly can muster the energy to wipe down the counter.  AND THE COFFEE SUCKS!
I've been to this part of Gilbert before to eat at other restaurants in the area, but finally made it to the Farmhouse this morning for brunch.  I've been meaning to come here for some time, but seem to make it after its closed!My friend and I pulled up for a very late breakfast, and the place was hopping. Its located immediately next door to Liberty market, and there was a line outside waiting to get in.  The place is small, so there's no waiting inside.  Also, when we got here, I found out from another customer that we had to put our own names on the waiting list! I don't mind waiting, but had no clue that we had to sign our own names!  Anyways, it was only about a 20 minute wait or so, but we were starting to get hot, so we finally got a seat in the shade near the misters once the crowd started to thin out.Inside, the place is small, but the seating seems fair.  No hanging out in the aisles, or else you block the servers!  Despite being crazy busy, we were waited on almost immediately.  No problems there.  Service was quick and efficient, and at one point I think we counted 7 servers!  Menu is full of selection, a little bit of everything.  I went with the #19 omelette, which was loaded full of veggies and cheese. Spinach, cheese, tomatos, etc. It came with some tasty hash browns and two huge slices of toast! My friend with the big john (I think, I can't remember) and he loved it! He also got the chocolate milk and it looked really good.Anyways, I would love to return as the food was really good and service seemed to be top notch.  The only sucky thing is really waiting outside.  Go here if you can. Seems to be a really original type place.
The food is good.  Place was dead.   They even called us to ask us to move our reservation earlier so that they could close at 9.The business itself has issues.  We bought on Travelocity a $140 meal "deal" for $69.   When we got there, it ends up it is a limited menu, three courses with three choice each.  Actually the waiter said this is a "sampling menu".  When we added up the deal, even if we ordered the most expensive 3 options, it only came up to $64.  Then you take away that these were much smaller portions, it becomes clear that this certainly is not a deal.  Then they added a 18% tip.   So, food was good but business is deceptive.
Let me make your life real easy here.  When you get lucky later, you can thank me. =)First, start off  with the Il Tagliere - Antipasto, meat, cheese and fruit board.  Or the mixed vegetables.  mmm.  Course 1 = success.Then move on to the Caprese Salad - So fresh!   The smell itself is intoxicating.  Course 2 = winner. Pizza time! From the Pizza Bianche: Siena - mozzarella and zucchini, topped with spek andpecorino cheese.    ahhh!  the cheese, the crunch of the zucchini.  Spek (or hold this if you aren't a fan of spek, i like it both ways).    Course 3 =  Ding Ding! From the Pizza Rosse: Diavola - tomato sauce, mozzarella andspicy salame.   You simply can't go wrong here.  Don't forget dessert! Crepe -  I suggest the Fresca, but you really can't go wrong with any crepe on the menu.   Course 4 = HeavenlyThey have a great wine selection.  I suggest the 1/2 bottle of Moscato d' Asti if you like wines of a sweeter, bubbly nature.  Be prepared to fall in love.  The food, the atmosphere, great service.... this is a great little house-turned-restaurant in Central Phoenix.  It was built in the early 1900s and they have done a wonderful job with the decor.  Sitting out on the patio under the sparkling white lights in the trees is a great way to add a little magic to your date night.  If you take your special someone out for dinner here, I promise that your lucky night will end just the way you hope...  Ladies and Gentlemen...you are welcome.  hehe ;-)
I walked into Firebirds and realized that I had been to a Firebirds before at Arrowhead a few years ago. I immediately began to be nervous because I couldn't remember my last visit, which probably meant that I stuffed it down deep into my subconscious never to be discussed again. Possibly.Our reservation was for 5:45pm, but I arrived early to have some drinks with friends. I was greeted by the hostess who was friendly enough. I informed her that I had arrived early to have some drinks at the bar before being seated for dinner. She found my reservation, noted that I was here and welcomed us. We sat down at the bar and were immediately offered a drink. My friend and I were struck by the beautiful display of pineapple slices sitting in vodka. Very pretty and inspiring. We ordered their pineapple martinis. YUM! A little on the sweet side, but still very delicious and intoxicating. We sat and chatted for a while at the pretty bar. Our bartender was very friendly and unobtrusive. One thing that I did notice is that the hostesses were a little unprofessional. They were horsing around, giggling, and chatting loudly. A bit annoying, but they were young girls. After two of those yummy martinis, it was time for dinner.Our party of 5 was seated at a round table in the center of the dining room. We were greeted by our server Brittany who took our drink orders and delivered water and lemons with speed. We informed her that we were there for the Phoenix Restaurant Week menu. She took the time to make recommendations off of the Restaurant Week menu and suggested wines to go with each of them.  Ahh my dinner...I ordered the Espresso Rubbed Sirloin rare. The steak came with Potatoes Au Gratin. I was a little nervous ordering a sirloin steak because they tend to be a little tough due to the "cheapness" of the meat. I figured I was in a place that prides themselves on steaks and decided to give their "cheap" steak a shot. It's a good way to test a steakhouse. They should be able to make a shoe taste delicious.When the meal was served, my rare (still moo'in) steak got served to someone else. So I sent my steak back for a rare one. I am SO glad that I sent it back for the steak I wanted. The steak was absolutely gorgeous and delicious. It was not tough at all! The rub that was on it was a little peppery for my taste but it's a personal preference for me. The Potatoes Au Gratin weren't good. They were a little too Velveeta for my taste. It would have been nice if they used some sharp cheddar or something like that instead. I ended up eating my friend's poblano mashed potatoes with my steak. Fantastic! The mashed potatoes were very spicy and went great with my savory steak! I hope they are a regular side. They're phenomenal! The dessert I chose was the Peaches and Cream Bread Pudding Cupcake with Bourbon White Chocolate Sauce. It seemed I chose the right dessert for the night because my other friends did not like the other choices for dessert at all. By the time I got my dessert, I was full, but the bites that I did take were delicious! It was a subtle peach flavor with a great sauce I wanted to eat the whole thing but my stomach just wouldn't do it. Brittany gladly wrapped everyones leftovers and put them in a to go bag. She was so quick and effiecient. Very impressive!I am so glad I didn't dredge up any repressed memories of a horrible dining experience at Firebirds. In fact, the "mmm's and oooh's" that were being uttered were very familiar. It was nice getting reacquainted with such a great restaurant! I don't know why I didn't keep in touch, but I plan on going for regular visits from now on!
Good enough for us to go back when we're feeling lazy but not good enough to rave about it.It's fast, convenient and decent.And impossible to take a piss in. Seriously. 1 stall for like, 40-70 customers. I swear every time I need to take a leak or wash my hands, someone's in there--writing a novel on the crapper or something . . .
Came here for dessert recently and was a little disappointed with the selection.  Yes, the place is very adorable and I always appreciate the locally grown concept.  Nonetheless, for a bakery I would have expected more options such as cakes, brownies, cupcakes, etc.  Sarah G and I shared the variety pack, consisting of five mini-desserts which we cut in half and amounted to 1-2 bites each.  The first thing I noticed was that everything was cold to the touch.  I prefer fresh out of the oven as opposed to fresh out of the refrigerator.  Still, I enjoyed the Russian tea cookie and the mini-muffin.  The "macaroon" is actually two wafer-thin 'macaroons' with 1/2 inch of frosting in between, so all you taste is frosting.  The rich double-chocolate cookie was my favorite thing in the box but would have been better if it hadn't been refrigerated.  Most people eating there were having lunch items (salads, sandwiches, etc.) that looked pretty good.  Maybe I'll go for lunch someday, although someone said the sandwiches are pre-made, which doesn't sound too appealing.
I am such a customization freak when it comes to food, so I get really really excited whenever we go to a place that let's me pick out all of my toppings, no matter how weird they seem to be.  The husband and I actually only came here because Baby Kay's was closed, but that was perfectly fine with me.  We had actually been here once before when we were first dating and we had breakfast here.  I remember it being pretty good.The menu offers you quite a few options.  There are salads, preset pizza flavors, and then the oh-so-awesome make your own pizza exactly the way you want it option.  Obviously I chose the latter.  First I had to choose between a white, wheat, or gluten-free pizza crust.  I chose wheat.  Then you can pick a seasoning.  I went for Italian.  Then you get a sauce choice, I chose alfredo but there were like 7 other options.  Then comes the cheese, and I picked the white cheese mix, which is a combo of mozzarella, provolone, and parmesan.  Finally, the toppings.  There are so many to choose from it's amazing.  I limited myself to mushrooms, asparagus, italian sausage, and bacon.  Let me tell you, this pizza was amazing.  It may not be your dream, but it was heaven to me.I love this place, it's totally awesome.  It's hard to go wrong when you customize something exactly for yourself.  Definitely give this place a try sometime, it's totally worth it.
if ninja is the suckiest place to eat japanese, then kabuki is the welcomed breath of fresh air that i needed.  usually when you go to the new fancy shmancy over-the-top decor restaurants the food is lacking.  much to my surprise, this place was decent.  we ordered sushi and entrees (i forgot to take pix) and it was really decent tasting semi-fusion-ish japanese food.a bit on the pricey side but at least it tasted pretty good.  where ninja's keystone cop waitresses lacked, kabuki waitresses did very well.  they were appropriately attentive, nice, but not hovering or annoying.  we had the 5'10'' former WNBA waitress who was pleasant and cordial.i know that the tempe mktplace is taking a lotta hits on how crappy it is but i was pleasantly surprised at the outdoor mall area.  there's this cool conversation pit by a gas fireplace in front of barnes and noble.  very family friendly and hopping on a friday nite.  my 15 m/o daughter was mesmerized by the water fountains and dancing water displays.  8 months of the year this place would be a great place to walk and hang out.  i hope it doesn't become a 1 hit wonder and fall to the way of the other malls of the past.
Really good Chinese food in Arizona is very hard to find.  Being from NYC, I've heard native Arizonans and mid-westerners say how good certain Chinese food restaurants are and go to it only to find that it's mediocre at best, with food being absolutely tasteless.  Not so for Jade Palace.  The food is absolutely wonderful!  I've tried many dishes and have not been disappointed once.  The house egg foo young is second to none and it's always difficult to not order it and try something else.  My wife is a vegetarian and loves anything with tofu here.  I have a niece from the east coast who insists that the chicken and broccoli is first rate.  Nothing is oily or tasteless, as has been the case with other Chinese restaurants that I've tried in the Phoenix metropolitan valley, nor is anything overly salty or over-cooked.  The wait staff is professional, knowledgeable and friendly, and the maitre d (or owner, not sure which) comes around to make sure everything is exactly as you'd like it to be, making you feel like a regular.  Very nice touch.  Prices vary from moderate to slightly expensive, but it's all worth it.  We love the outdoor patio year round (heat lamps in the winter, misters in the summer) and very much enjoy the landscaped pond as well as the colorful, festive view of the outdoor patio of Jalapeno Inferno across the way.
The first thing I warn people about is the slow service.    Even on the rare days when the place isn't hopping, they tend to ignore and avoid customers at all costs.  The food takes awhile to prepare, but they're awful about checking in to make sure things are alright in the meantime.  I've started ordering at the bar and moving to a table to avoid waiting twenty minutes for someone to pay attention.  Everyone is upbeat and friendly, just inattentive.The food easily makes up for lackluster service.  If you go in anticipating it, you're golden.  The chicken is a bit dry, but otherwise, I have absolutely no complaints.  The food is stellar and sometimes a pasty is the only thing that will hit the spot.My favorite, by far: Rosemary Steak.  Steak, potatoes, brie, red bell peppers wrapped in a soft, warm pastry is my idea of heaven.  The vegetarian options are also fantastic.The biggest surprise on the menu is the peanut butter and raspberry jelly pasty.  It's located on the dessert menu and comes with whipped cream by default.  I'm far from a peanut butter and jelly connoisseur and I can rarely stand raspberry, but this is worth passing around. I never knew something this simple could be that amazing.
To say I don't get the appeal of Chino Bandido would be an understatement.I don't really need to say anything about this place...just look at the picture above! That's what the food looks like!  Need I really say more?Well, I'm going to:OK, so they serve both Mexican and Chinese food. SO WHAT? It's not even like they serve a hybrid of Mexican and Chinese food. You know, if they served Kung Pao enchiladas, that might be interesting, but this is just Chinese food and Mexican food next to eachother in the same aluminum takeout bowl (yes, even if you'e not taking out). Oh, and by the way, did I mention it's SHITTY Chinese and Mexican food. That being said, if you love Panda Express, you might like the Chinese food at Chino Bandido. If you like super-over-fried, heartburn-enducing flavorless cardboard, you might like their Mexican food. And If you like using plastic silverware to try and cut through said cardboard as it sits in said aluminum take-out bowl while countless shirtless 10-year-olds drool over every dirty inch of your favorite restaurant, then this might just be your favorite restaurant.On the plus side, they give you a free cookie.
After consulting the Great and Knowledgeable RAND...my plus one  and I went out to Talking Stick for our bimonthly  Mommy -Daddy Date night . This night's excursion was all about Talking Stick. We wanted to see if it was worth having a stay-cation there. First off Low Carb  heaven here folks!!   If I jump back on the Low Carb band wagon again this will be my Mecca.   Prime Rib, big sweet shrimp, lovely oysters ( actually better than we have had at Durant's and Bandeaux..seriously. ) Loads of fresh salad bar faves, like blue cheese , choice olives, mushrooms, bacon , nuts  etc. They also had a cheese / lox/ fresh fruit area that looked super healthy  , I must tell you the Kobe beef was very delicious and I wish I had had that first instead when I was full.  They also had some uninspiring Asian food and a pizza area..not necessary  for me but I guess somebody would like it. Desserts were good ..not stellar , but pretty tasty,  they had some great gelatos, and cute little Brulees, fruit tartlets, good banana and coconut pies ..THE WORST ...surprise, the   Cheesecake, it was sticky, sweet peanutty..what's up with  that!? the had an interesting fruit bread puddingish  dessert that reminded me of desserts I had in Germany...yum.Service was great , drinks were refilled way before they emptied , good service, nice staff.   We will be back ...In my book 25.00 was worth it. Want to make it 5 stars..give me tender Prime Rib and tastier Desserts.
OK, confession time, here's how my last few trips to Phoenix have gone...Local Client:  Hey buddy, your flight gotten in yet?Me (Scarfing Carolina's within minutes of landing):  NOM NOM, just arrived...NOM NOM...20 minutes ago...NOM NOM..."Order 1536! 1536!"Local Client:  Why does it sound like you're eating burritos in the barrio?I love, love this place.  I look forward to the fresh tortillas and amazing burritos almost as much as the Phoenix weather in the winter.  My hands down favorites are the green chile burro and chorizo potato burro, but I'd probably take anything they threw my way.  My coworker tried one red chile beef and one machaca and couldn't stop raving about them to anyone who would listen.  And to think he looked at me like I was crazy when we first rolled up to a cement building in the 'hood for a quick business lunch!For those who might be put off by the location / atmosphere I say: live a little.   Nothing is going to happen to you, except you'll witness business guys in suits, blue collar workers, and neighborhood families alike enjoying the most mind-blowing burritos they've ever had.
"The truth is inside" states the wooden plaque mounted above the unassuming entrance to Kaz Bar.  My first time walking in here felt like going to a speakeasy, and I was to be the newly appointed member to its secret society.  From Stetson one could easily pass it and not know it was there.  "Like all good speakeasys, the entrance is hidden in the rear"I have been coming here for 7 years.  Many first dates, even my mother has shared a spot at the bar with me.When passing into the realm of truth, one immediately forgets Phoenix and the sunshine.  One is transported to a darker and sultrier place.It smells of flatbreads and wine. One may feel teleported to a gothic 17th century wine cellar in Eastern Europe.Lazy, high backed couches fill the room, large rustic tables accomodate larger groups in an adjoining partition.  Wine barrels, wood, and stone line its walls.  A fireplace and candle light brings the right amount of ambiance and mysticism.Picking up their wine list is like opening a Reader's Digest.  Wine by the bottle or wine by the glass, this place has over 3000 selections from all over the globe. They offer Iiventive wine flights ranging from Cherry Blossom Chinese to Sparkling Red Shiraz..  Rare wines, fine wines, even Transylvanian wines are found here (fangs included).  You can sample anything here, you can make special requests.  The list of spirits is extensive as well.  From Eastern European cocktails, to Grappa, to potato vodka, to Belgian beer, all is represented here to provide its visitors the ultimate bacchinalia.The bartenders are very knowledgeable, so a seat at the bar is worth coming here if you are new to imbibing wine and spirits.  Best time to show is after they open at 6p, or on Tuesday nights.Why, you say?  This little speakeasy also happens to have a lively music scene.  Sundays, Mondays, and Thursdays there is live music.  Be hypnotised and seduced by Flamenco on Sundays, and be wooed and wowed by local jazz legend,Margot Reed, on Mondays.if wine and jazz are not satisfying enough, the noshes served here until 2a will make you feel complete.   Cheese fondue, cheese and bread plates, antipasto, polish sausages, and mouth watering egyptian flatbreads are the perfect complement to your wine.  I have a deep and burning passion for the flavor combinations on this particular kind of flatbread served here: Baja chipotle-orange rock shrimp, buffalo mozzarella, pepitas, smoked gouda, cilantro.....brilliant!If you want to seduce your date by way of chocolate, I recommend the Bittersweet Chocolate OR Fleur De Sel Caramel Fondue, which comes with housemade marshmallows, passion fruit cream puffs, pound cake, coconut macaroons, and fruits.  Pure decadence.  Pure bacchinalia.  I mean, I think this is the way that the god of wine would have wanted it....
One WORD comes to mind...FLIES!!! (FYI we were inside not on the patio)  The whole dinner was spent swatting at the nasty creatures.  Seriously, no exaggeration THE WHOLE DINNER was one hand swatting away flies and one hand trying to eat.  Evidently the little buggers can not resist steamed mussels. ( I will get to the food part of my review in a second)   Also, I am not a big fan of mandatory valet parking.   No wait, I am pretty sure I don't like mandatory ANYTHING when I go out to eat.   Not even the having to pay part, but I have come to accept this as normal now when dining out.   OK, on to the food.   I thought the food was AWESOME.  The aforementioned mussels were plump and cooked to perfection.  We had a wood-fired pizza with fresh dough that was yummy.   There is this thing called a Chef's Board that I highly recommend (If you are still bent on going in the first place) The dessert was a warm Nutella cake with vanilla gelato and coffee cream with bits of coffee bean in it. Now THAT was a delicious way to end a meal.   Our server was excellent as well.  Bottom line is: I am not going back and I am saddened by that since the food was so good and so was my server.
Not sure why this Dave and Buster's is classified as a Jillians Restaurant, but whatever.Work conferences can be ok, but once the workday ends, what is there to do?  I couldn't go back home, obviously, so I went searching in my rental.  Luckily, across the street from the JW Marriott there was a Dave and Busters.Ok, so I am used to the D&Bs in both Milpitas and San Diego.  I'm talking crowded, like you have yell at someone 1 foot away from you if you need to talk to them.  Crowded like if you show up after 6pm, the wait for a table at the restaurant is over an hour.  Crowded like you have to throw some elbows around to get a drink.  Oh yeah, and if you show up after 10pm, there is that silly $5 cover charge.  This is absolutely not the case at this D&B.We got there on a Wednesday, so when we checked this place out the first night, I expected it to be empty, and it was.  Fine.  We went Thrusday night, a semi-party night, but again, it was pretty much empty.  Ok.  Friday night rolls around.  This is a party night in any big city, but AGAIN, not much of a crowd.  Saturday night had a slightly higher turnout, but still pretty much an open house.Though it was a little disappointing at first, I came to realize this was a blessing in disguise.  I could walk in at any time, sit at a booth and get served right away.  If I needed credits for my card, I could walk up immediately to a machine and get it recharged.  If there were any games I wanted to play, no lines.  It truely was beautiful.After flipping through their elaborate drink menu, I settled for "The Shizzle."  Thank you Snoop Dogg for placing that suffix into everyday vocabulary.  Anyway, "The Shizzle" did taste great, so props for appropriate use of the word.The one bad memory I had was that my stuffed animal got jacked while I was playing a basketball game.  I wanted to get something for my baby, so I must have pumped at least $10 into that crane/claw game.  Each time the claw decends, grips onto the prize, but then slips out of its grasps encouraged me to keep trying.  Addicting.  After my first one was jacked, I was determined to get another.  With an amazing twist of fate, I got three in one try, so after that I called it a night.Oh yeah, and now that I think about it, I think we got ripped off because we always came at happy hour, but I think they charged us full price for drinks.  Just a tip, always ask for an itemized receipt.
Overpriced and service is not friendly. You can buy cheaper indian groceries at Lee Lee's Oriental Market.
Ever go to a movie that everyone has been talking about because it is suppose to be the best ever.  I came here yesterday with really high expectations but to tell you the truth I don't have a place that serves my favorite fried chicken....or waffles for that matter.  The food was good, but I just couldn't get out of my head that it wasn't all that.  The chicken was very crispy but I wish it had more seasoning on it or something.  The waffles were pretty good but I really wasn't in the mood for that at lunch anyway.  The atmosphere was really cool, very casual and very clean, the pictures on the wall were neat and the service was great.  I don't want to downplay this place but maybe I need to come back and order something else.
Italian Eatery? What? I thought this was just a pizza place. Oh  yeah, they do offer baked ziti and salads and lasagna, so I guess it is an eatery. I like Sbarros for two reasons. When I lived in Dallas, this was my place to stop by at the mall and watch all the ice skaters on the ice rink, fall, break their bones, noses etc. It reminds me of the good ol times when I didn't have all the worries of the world and actually had time to have a good laugh. Sigh~. The second reason I like Sbarros is because of their Mushroom Pizza! Yum. The taste is completely different than any other mushroom pizza I have ever eaten but having said, it has a nice buttery aftertaste which is what I look forward to each time I bite into that thing and it never disappoints. The pizza slices itself are pretty large for me to handle so I always ask for them to slice'em in half. I know, such a girl!The baked ziti is good too. You can order the baked ziti as a side or as an entree. Okay, so here comes the minus two stars part. The last time I went to this place, there were three servers working behind the counter. All I wanted was a slice of mushroom pizza and a little baked ziti for my little'un. Well, they wouldn't have any of it. I felt like I was seriously trying to be up sold for the entree, and then the salad, and then the large drink and then the combo. It kept going on and on from all three of the servers. I think one of them was the boss and they were seriously trying to reel me in. I really don't like that feeling and hey, all I wanted was a slice of pizza. I felt like i was at a car dealership for a second there. Will I go back here for another slice? Sure. If they try to up sell me again, probably not the next time.
Welcome to Houston's with a happy Hillstone hat on! One thing that always bothered me about the former Houston's was how dark and dreary it could be, but that is definitely not the case with Hillstone. I absolutely love the architecture, location and openness of this building. It's fresh and airy with plenty of large windows, an open patio, and rock finishing. The restaurant seating isn't cramped and you've got plenty of room to relax and enjoy the meal with those you came with and not 20 other strangers. Before I got to Hillstone, I read up on the yelp reviews and noticed Kat S's note about the ice cubes. So, when I sat down and ordered my Diet Coke, the first thing I glanced at were the ice cubes and Kat's right! They are old fashioned and pretty great! They are the type of ice cubes they place in whiskey to make sure they don't crush when they are dropped in, but I also think they make the soda pour without fizzing up. So now I will move on to the meal. The reviews are right in saying that this is exactly like the Houston's menu but with a nice improvement. I ordered the rotisserie chicken sandwich with the couscous. Warning: the sandwich is huge and way too big for one lunch, but that could be a good thing if you want to have the other half for lunch. We didn't have dessert but I glanced at the menu and while they have several of the Houston's signatures, I think they should add apple crisp to the list. I will definitely be back to Hillstone and think this is a nice addition to the area.
Oh my, I truly hate to do this, but my visit to Da Vang was horrid! After reading all the lovely reviews I was so excited to take my husband and child to a place near our new digs, to prove that we hadn't moved far away from good food experiences. We knew that the outside was a strip mall locale, we don't care. We knew the inside was going to look like it did, we don't care. We go to places because of food, service and price. When we went they were working on the one entrance so we entered on the far side. There were two people eating and a few children running about playing. My first thought was great, this is a friendly, family place and light crowd would mean attentive service. We didn't know if we should seat ourselves, so we walked to the silverware table where we saw menu's and stood for a moment.  Three times servers walked right past us and ignored our presence. Other workers were in the kitchen area, but no one noticed us. I whispered, "Maybe we should get menus and just sit down?" So we took three menu's and as I turned around one of the servers came up and made motion for us to sit right there at this huge circle table.  A very large table, but we slid into the corner and he took drink orders from us then dissappeared.We sat. We sat some more. He walked by twice carrying water. Another server walked by twice, once with food, once with dishes. They greeted two more tables and brought them menus and took their orders. A server came and poured three water glasses for our table and I interrupted him asking about our drink order. He said something I didn't understand and turned away.  We sat. Finally I said, "Excuse me, please..." I got the attention of a different server and we asked about our drink order which he took again and we didn't want to wait any longer and gave our food order as well. Just in case they'd never come back. I told the server we were new to this cuisine and would need some help. My husband just wanted to leave. I coerced him to stay, it's going to be fabulous Pho I said remembering the wonderful Yelp reviews. The food would soothe him. I smiled smugly. We ordered several dishes all recommended in Yelp reviews. Spring rolls, two Pho's and the Ban Xeo for my egg and shrimp loving child.15 minutes later two drinks and some plates of leaves and garnishes were placed on the table. No drink for me and no way to get the garnish plate persons attention. We sat. "Are we supposed to eat these," asked my husband?  I said , "I believe they go in the soup when it comes." But after another 15 minutes of nothing else arriving, he started to make a mini salad. Several more tables had come in, everyone else had their food. The two tables who came after us were finishing up."This is Bullshit, " I muttered to my husband, and just then the crepe and the Pho's came out. I was starting to see a trend here. Just when you get to the point where you want to leave they finally do something to make you stay. We were starving and we didn't want to drive around for another place, just eat and go at this point. It was getting late. I hadn't eaten my garnishes so I shared them with my husband. My daughter's crepe was extra crispy bordering on too dark and she didn't know how to eat it, so she sort of plucked the little shrimps she found out of it.  "It's not egg mom", she said all grumbly. "It's Vietmanese egg I said, " as if I knew.  "Well then I don't like Vietmanese food." Sigh. Maybe she would like and try the spring roll? Or some of my soup? The sping roll, one nibble. She didn't appreciate it, which was ok with me becuase I loved them.My husbands Pho was full of fatty gristle meat and he w/couldn't eat any of it.  My Pho was wonderful! My garnishes made it very tasty. So I fed my daughter some Pho, but she wasn't too fond of that either.The only real consolation was the price. It cost about $25 for everything we got and everything we didn't.Maybe I can get someone from Yelp who loves Da Vang to come with us next time and show us how the experience is SUPPOSED to be, becuase I can't imagine this is what people are raving over. Sorry. They get two stars for having a low price and food *I* liked, but I can't give them any more than that.
Again Fox Concepts hits the mark with a fancy restaurant.  Lets inspect this place from the floor to the beautiful ceiling, Inside a mall? Well not any mall, this is Scottsdale Fashion Square, a spot for the local Scottsdale folk, their fancy outfits and the never ending  tourists.  This place can host exclusive private party for the movers and shakers of Arizona as well offer a great lunch menu for the common foodie. A few things worth trying,Apps, don't skip the apps here, the chief does a great job creating great sample dishes.  I could not get enough of the crab, or was it the super clarified butter, go for it if your remember anything this app is nothing short of amazing.  I can't forget the Steak,If you know your steaks this is not a bad place to stop by, but don't come here on a tight budget you'll miss out.Fox Concepts branding continues.  Kevin
A few weeks ago, I probably would have hooked Scramble up with a 5-star update, but they did something to piss me off and the service has been a bit sour lately.I really love and appreciate how accommodating for vegans they are. I love the soyrizo scramble with nutritional yeast and the garlic chili chaluhla sauce. I smother it and it tastes sooooo good that I crave it all week long. I know others enjoy the sauce too because the bottles are always being used, but for some ungodly known reason Scramble decided to stop providing the sauce. WTF man??? The cashiers don't seem to be especially knowledgeable about the products and it generally takes 2x as long to order a vegan meal than it does a normal meal.They also recently started putting in bigger chunks of green bell pepper which I think really detracts from the taste. I have also been jipped on my avocado twice now, and my English Muffin barely toasted. I have to admit, the french toast and the English Muffin (when cooked right) have a special place in my soul! And there is nothing better that vegan butter  being readily available.More knowledgeable cashiers, quicker bus service on a busy day, and a re-introduction of the chili garlic sauce and you will have me back. As for now, I'm so mad about the discontinuation that I cannot even look at you!
I just had a terrible experience at La Piccola Cucina!I've been to this restaurant several times in the past and enjoyed the home-style cooking.  Needless to say, I was very excited when a voice daily deal came out that allowed me to purchase a $30 food voucher for $15!This place is on my way home from work, so I saved the coupon for a night that I was working late - excited to grab some delicious takeout on the way home.One of the servers was in the middle of taking my order when the owner of the restaurant saw that I had the coupon.  He snatched it angrily out of my hand shouting "this is only good for 2 people dining in - not take out!"  I informed him that this restriction was not stated anywhere on the coupon that I had purchased and he shouted back, "I don't care!  That's the way it's always been!"  In a restaurant full of other diners, the shouting continued until I was embarrassed enough to leave...I just can't believe how completely rude and belligerent he was to me - In my opinion, this is no way to ever treat your valued customers.I will be demanding a refund on my coupon and won't be returning to this restaurant again.
This is the first day of my lifeI swear I was born right in the doorway (side door not front entrance)I went out in the rain suddenly everything changedThey're making burritos within my reachYours is the first face that I sawI think I was bland before I met youNow I don't know where I amI don't know where I've beenBut I know where I want to go (Los Compadres)And so I thought I'd let you knowThat lunch specials take a couple minutesI especially am slowBut I realize that I need LosAnd I wondered if I could come home (side door not front entrance)Remember the time you drove all nightJust to feed me in the morning (two bean burritos with cheese)And I thought it was strange you said everything changedYou felt as if you'd just woke upAnd you said "this is the first day of my lifeI'm glad I didn't die before I fed youBut now I don't care I could go anywhere with youAnd I'd probably be happy"So if you want to eat with meWith this menu there's no tellingWe just have to wait and seeBut I'd rather be working for a paycheckThan waiting to win the lotteryBesides maybe this time is differentI mean I really think you like meWhen my face is stuffed full with a chimi
I was very impressed with my last visit here.  We arrived for an early lunch on a Friday and were quickly directed to a large booth.  Chips and salsa arrived within moments.  The chips were thin, crispy and warm, there were two salsas, a mild and a hot.  The mild was cool and refreshing and the hot was not hot at all.   I guess I should qualify this as I like hot food and mild to me typically will flame my family's tongues off.  Anyway, the stuff was mild in my opinion.Service was quick, un-intrusive and impeccable.  We had a waiter and a bus-person checking us frequently to make sure we had plenty of chips, salsa and drinks.  Big props for the service, it was exceptional.  I was having lunch with some of the young ladies from the office and they were a fun, easygoing crowd that fit right into the vibe here.  The dining room is open with booths around the edges and tables in the middle, not too crowded, and plenty of room for everybody.  The ladies mostly went with the lighter enchiladas and mini-tostadas, while I went for the big guns.  The "Lunch Pollo Magnifico" was your basic Pollo Fundido.  This is a deep-fried chicken burro, covered with a Jalepeno Cream Cheese, then a layer of Cheddar is melted over it.  This dish had a great (albeit mild) chicken flavor and the cream cheese and cheddar combined to add a cheesy overtone.  It was a bit dry, but that is the nature of this dish.  The beans were ok, nothing to rave about; I don't eat rice but it looked ok.Everybody enjoyed their meal,  We also had a side of guacamole which was fresh and flavorful and as usual, I had iced tea, which also was fresh and delicious.  The tab for me with tip was somewhere around $15, which is acceptable for a sit-down meal.  This was not a meal that would challenge your tast buds, or burn your lips, but it was a decent lunch-time nosh.
Mojo, Yogurtland, Yogurt City, Etc Etc Etc ... you can suck it. Golden Spoon is where it's at.Fat Free, Low Calorie, $4 for more than I can cram into my fat face.WINNER.
This place is tucked behind the busy streets of Dysart and McDowell.The environment is slightly dark but very comfortable, ambient music is very soothing and if you are a sports fan they offer a few HDTV at the main dining area as well as some more at the bar. The sushi price is a tad high if you order exotic items, which is why i only come during happy hours:Their happy hour is awesome, an array of appetizers/drinks/rolls for 50% of the regular menu price. I highly recommend Crazy roll, i normally get some spicy tuna roll with itThe servers are always helpful and nice, it's a great place to have sushi!
I had forgot how long it has been since I have updated a review. Pulled pork piled high on a fresh bun with some good bbq sauce...sounds like a good lunch to me. I have been cutting the amounts of food I eat and opted for the PPS with no sides. There was plenty of meat and bread for a lunch. They have opened the suite behind them to allow for additional seating. To be honest It looks like a kick ass place to have a get together or small party!The staff was great as usual. I appreciate that most of all.
Best gourmet Mexican food EVER. The key word is gourmet. If you want dirty Mexican go to La Toltecta. This is more high-end than is usually expected from tacos.They also have the best drinks EVER. Check out the drink menu. I recommend pretty much everything on it.
Amen & Hallelujah!  I finally made it to Cibo!  I can finally join the ranks of the other (almost) 400 Yelpers to post a review!After hearing SO much about it and working downtown for 10 years, it sure has taken me a long time to get there!  Even the deserted patio (at 5:30 on a Thursday in August) made me happy.  Walking inside, instantly greeted by a friendly host, followed by an equally friendly server.  Service was stellar, attentive, kind, informed, relaxed but not lazy, and suggesting menu items which I always appreciate.We decided on the special pizza of the night.  Pizza Marechiaro : Fresh Bufala Mozzarella, San Marzano Dop, Chopped basil and Sea salt!  Like a "super-margherita" the server said.  How could we NOT get it?  We also go the Pesto Salad which came with roasted potatoes, a light pesto dressing, and delicious bread to go with.The salad was delicious as was the pizza!  The ingredients were super fresh, the crust was the perfect amount of chewy, the prices were reasonable, and YES there was not a two hour wait to go with the food (even though, I still love the other place too!).  The only part that I didn't love was that the super fresh tomato-ey sauce made the crust a little droopy when I picked it up.  My favorite is a crispy crust that doesn't fall when you take a bite, but hey, small price to pay for perfection every where else.Even the tiny little flowers in the tiny little bud vase on the table made my day!  I can't wait to go back again . . . and again . . . and again.  Lucky me I work about a mile away!  You (may or may not) know me, I hardly give five stars on just one visit, but trust me, this has five stars written all over it!!
These guys can make a great pie!You know what I really love about them? You can walk in at any given time and they have a huge selection of slices. I am not talking about your boring pepperoni or cheese as your options, I am talking about chicken with roasted red peppers, buffalo chicken pizza, two kinds of Sicilian, white with tomato and many more.Certainly the best pizza in Ahwatukee, though that is not saying much. They do make my top 10 in AZ.They make a mean chicken parm slice. Grimaldi's needs to take a page out of their book to understand what chicken on a pizza is supposed to taste and look like.
Lola Coffee does it again!Already open approximately three weeks... and I didn't even realize that Lola had gone into this location (previously Calabria I believe).  I guess that shows how much time I spend in Downtown Phoenix.  (Not enough!)  The Gold Spot building that houses this Lola location has a lot of character and I especially love that there is plenty of parking in the area.  I also like that there is both indoor and outdoor seating.  And the reason that I'm giving this location four stars instead of just three? They have the best barista in town!  Jensy (formerly of Mama Java) is employed here.  While I had an iced tea today, I know first hand that Jensy makes damn good soy lattes!Now, if I don't get stood up for a meeting during my next visit to this Lola location, my experience will be even better!
Something is very wrong with the management of this store.In a handful of visits about 40% of the items I shopped for were extraordinarily over-expired. Canned food that expired 2-3 years ago... Ice cream that has sublimated down to about 80% of its original volume (this takes a very, very long time), etc... And it's not just a few of each item that is long expired. I have often had to sift through most of the inventory of a product to find a single non-expired item.Either the management is trying to cut losses and boost profits by unloading expired products on unsuspecting customers or the stocking staff at this store is phenomenally incompetent. Or both. Either way, the high volume of expired groceries at this store is not merely incidental.
OMG - eggs Benedict special was amazing!I usually try to eat somewhat well, sauce on the side, eat half, cancer causing sweetener.All that went out the window when i walked in there this morning.Luckily there was a short wait and it was a great day out!Put your name on the list by the door. Don't come into the restaurant unless you know you should - it's too small!!The staff is amazingly friendly and down to earth!We were seated promptly when called, got coffee and oj (order the double oj, small is really just a taste!)Hubby did the Hog and Chix - mmmm! Bacon looked amazing. Bread is thick cut and comes with fabulous strawberry rhubarb jelly. Mmmm!I did the Benedict and it was amazing - did i mention it was amazing?The sauce, oh the sauce.The hamThe home made english muffin - smothered in butter...  yes my arteries are clogging as i write this...  but wow!The home fries with the caramelized onions.The coffee with the organic raw sugar.Amazing!Cute little location. Limited parking - but we walked so it didn't effect us much.Short menu, but super yummy!
Collier CenterThe best way to get in and out of this place is to call your order in and pick it up.  If you don't work in the Collier Center or anywhere near, parking can be a real pain.  The sandwiches are always good, the cookies are always tasty.  The staff can be a bit iffy but it's obvious that the place gets slammed at lunch time and it's a bit of chaos.It's only opened M-F 6:30a-4p
It must be me or I just never order the right thing, not sure. Everyone I know that has ever mentioned the Duck tells me they like it. Yes I have been several times over the years. But a few days ago I was at our office which is on 7th ave just south of Thomas. I was really hungry and wanted something to eat, this in it self is kind of unusual as I can more than likely wait until the end of the day before I have to eat. Plus the fact I have enough fat on me to last a few months I would not be starving to death any time soon if I missed a meal or three. So I asked Bruce, you remember Bruce he is the guy I am always asking things when down at the office. I wanted something delivered as I wanted to stay in the office to get a contract ready for signing. The only place he could think of was the Duck, but he said he could go and get it much faster. So I said ok and gave him my card and told him to get what he wants and order me I think it is called the Ducky or something like that.  Man he was back much more quickly than I had expected him to be, so they must have been on the ball in making the food. But the food as I always find; just nondescript. NO discernable flavour just a mish mash of textures and blandness. So I can say I like the building, the quickness they have gotten my food out and the patio. I guess the folks are also nice, but do not remember them so they were not not nice. I just do not get the praise this place gets, I find much better food for less elsewhere. But hey it might just be me since I am of the minority on this subject.
I've found myself at Maizie's three times in the last two weeks, so you might be able to gather that I like it.  First and foremost, I enjoy their happy hour specials.  Five dollar select appetizers- including the infamous boneless buffalo chicken dip, as well as $3 beers and well spirits.  I'm a fan of a good happy hour special.  it runs the standard 3-6 hour.Other than the buffalo dip, I have enjoyed the Southwest Chicken Wrap which I thought was above average.  A little heavy on the guacamole (will have to ask for it on the side next time) but otherwise, enjoyable.  It wasn't $3 like everyones Monday night burger but that is the price I must pay for not eating beef.  Service has always been spot on (on my three visits), and I think it is cool that you can actually see Maizie wandering our, serving people.  There is something to be said when the actual namesake can be found in the restaurant doing the dirty work.  The servers smile a lot, and get you what you need in a timely manner.A note:  The Monday that we attended $3 burger night, Maizies was super packed.  We had a large party of six and ended up waiting close to an hour- so show up early for that cheap beef!
Yes, the line to order was long.Yes, the wait for the food was a good 15 minutes.  And, yes, the food was worth it!I had the Tuscan Chicken Sandwich.  The bread and the veggies were very fresh and the creamy balsamic was perfect.  Normally served on focaccia, but they were out so it was on a baguette.  Probably the softest baguette I've ever had; no scraping up the roof of my mouth!  The boy enjoyed the Pulled Pork Sandwich and we split a piece of the Pecan Pie.  YUMMY!!As far as the wait for the food goes, just get a piece of pie while you're in line and eat dessert first!  One note, you can't order salads from the register.  The salads in the cooler are the only ones they have.  Once they are out, they're out.  If you want a salad, you might want to go early, or at least before 1:30.  They serve lunch until 3:00.While we were eating, I witnessed one woman pull a plastic grocery bag out of her purse, then pull two baggies out of the plastic bag, and put the second half of her sandwich in the baggie and offer the other baggie to her friend.  I haven't quite decided if this is a genius move or a crazy-bag-lady move.   Either way, she was prepared!One thing that could have made my lunch at The Farm a five-star experience would be a nice glass of bubbly or crisp white wine to go with my lunch.  I'm sure the boy would have enjoyed a nice local brew with his pulled pork sandwich.Lunch at The Farm reminded me of my lunch at the Olive Mill except for the drinks (bummer) and the 45-minute drive (cool).  Yes, it was a great lunch!And, yes, we will be back!
Good trip at least onceTortilla Flat was a stop for gold miners and a post office for people around the area.  It has a population of 6.  Yes, it's small.  It has a cute little history written on the walls.The best thing about this little stop is the saloon and general store.  I haven't tried any of the food in the saloon, but it's kind of neat to go in and look around.  The general store's little gem are the flavors of hand made ice cream.  Mmmm...prickly pear ice cream.Don't go to Tortilla Flat expecting a grand Disneyland feel, it's just a little surprising outcropping in the Superstition Mountains.  But if you're in the area and passing through, you HAVE to make a stop and try the ice cream at least.  Plus you get a little Arizona history in the system.
For the longest time I was not a big fan of this place. I like my Mexican a tad more authentic. Revo is like the Trader Joe's  of Mexican take out.  The place is modern, the tables are clean, the signage boasts of vegetarian or gluten free meals.  What it lacks for in flavor it tried to make up for in advertising. What's so special about the lemonade? Have you tried the horchata at Mesquite? Puuleeze. Then I got over myself and changed my expectations. The food is decent, the ingredients fresh and they make great fish tacos. Order them to go, get home and put some real salsa on them and you'll have a cheap and yummy meal. And let's face it, a lot less calories than your normal Mexican take out.
This has been my family's Chinese restaurant of choice for years! Great food. Great service. Never been disappointed!Price maybe slightly on the not-so-cheap side, but I think Chinese food in general isn't as cheap as it used to be. Still wonderful. Definitely check this place out.
I used to love it here.  I loved everything about The Clarendon......I didn't even mind the indifferent hipster waitstaff much.  However, after 2 very disappointing dining experiences, it will no longer be my go to place for cocktails and food.  On my 1st visit, my companion and I ordered some carne asada tacos.  It was late in the evening and the tacos seemed like they were made with all the little overcooked chewy bits of meat left on the grill after a long night....boo!  The 2nd bad experience was lunch on a Sunday.  We sat at the bar as the restaurant was busy.  There were 3 gentlemen behind the bar prepping for the day.  It was after noon on a weekend and they were just starting to prep the bar for the day?  There were plenty of people needing service and these bartenders were far more interested in their set ups than servicing the customers.  I actually heard one of the bartenders tell a customer that he had to finish making a batch of Sangria before he helped him because he would lose count on how much of what to put in the batch if interrupted!  Really?  Mr. Bethel, it is clear you don't value good customer service for your place of business.  If you did, every other Yelp review for the last 3 yrs wouldn't mention it.  You would remedy this problem if it was important to you.  Apparently, you consider it a part of your establishment's charm.....I assure you it's not charming.....After waiting with my companion for a long time, and being told that The Pico Rico burger was absolutely yummy, I ordered that medium rare.  My companion ordered chorizo and eggs with eggs over easy.  Her eggs came scrambled and my burger came well done.  A well done burger is a deal breaker for me...especially when it costs $12!  I did not have time to wait for them to fire another one for me even though they offered a couple of times.  I took 3 bites of this burger and besides being woefully overdone, it appeared to lack basic seasoning like salt.  How can a burger covered in chiles be bland?  I don't know but this burger managed to taste like nothing.....$12 of nothing.  The bill came and as I was paying it, the bartender came with another tab and told me he forgot to charge me for my cocktail.  I was surprised that the burger was still on my bill and asked the bartender, "well, maybe we can not charge me for the $8 drink since my burger was so unsatisfactory?"  He just turned his back and ignored my question.....boo.  I have spent thousands of $$ at this hotel.  Even had my high school reunion here.  However, this year's girl's weekend staycation which has been at The Clarendon every year will be at The Palomar downtown this year.......Get your house in order, please Clarendon!
Beaver Choice.  Let's just get this out of the way.  I don't know what the name means, I have no idea why it's named that, I don't know why the logo is a beaver (the animal kind - get your heads out of the gutter people) in a Swedish triple crown shirt holding a fork.  With all that said, what I do know is this place is definitely worth a try.  I had never heard of the place until my girlfriend fiancée sent me a link saying we should check it out sometime.  I checked out the menu online, it looked good, so rather than wait several weeks for my fiancée to have a free lunch period, I decided to investigate for myself that very same day.  Good move on my part.  It's a great little Scandinavian restaurant that's only been open for a couple of weeks in a pretty non-descript suite in the strip mall behind Ted's Hot Dogs at McClintock & Broadway.  It's a very clean place with about 6 or 7 four tops, furnished from top to bottom by...you guessed it...Ikea.  It's a family owned and operated spot and they are some of the sweetest people you will ever meet.  They are very proud of their little piece of Scandinavia in the desert and it shows in their service and their food.  They are well aware of the fact that with the exception of Swedish meatballs, most people aren't really familiar with Scandinavian food so when you approach the counter, right off the bat they ask if you would like to try a little sample platter free of charge.  Who's going to turn that down?  I had a little piece of Gravlax (raw salmon cured in salt, sugar and dill), some potato salad and some pink lunch salad thing the name of which I forget.  I really enjoyed the Gravlax and potato salad but the pink one was made with sour cream and since I've never been a fan of sour cream I only had a bite of that one.  They have two menus. One could best be described as a lunch/to-go menu and one that they call the bistro menu which is essentially akin to a dinner menu except that you can get anything on it all day.  They have salads, wraps, sandwiches, soups, entrees, etc. with all kinds of different varieties of meats to choose from.  They even had two that they say on the menu are recommended for hangovers.  My kind of place! It all ranges in price from about $5 for sandwiches and wraps up to about $15 for a couple of the full sized dinner entrees though most of the dinner entrees mostly hover around $10 which is a steal for the amount of food that you get.  I decided to try the schnitzel.  It comes with a decent little side salad with your choice of either a honey mustard or garlic vinaigrette, a little citrusy red cabbage slaw both of which were good but were primarily there to compliment the main event which was the schnitzel.  It's an enormous breaded pork cutlet stuffed with ham and brie cheese, cooked to perfection and topped with an amazing mushroom gravy and on the side were dill mashed potatoes also topped with the gravy.  Both of them were in a word, delicious.  It was about $11 for the whole entrée and it was worth every penny.  I wasn't able to finish the whole thing but I can tell you that it keeps really well because I had it for breakfast this morning.  I haven't tried anything else on the menu but if any of it is even half as a great as the schnitzel, it's gotta be pretty damn good.  You know how every now and then you go to a place that's just starting out and you get great service and great food and you just hope that they make it?  Well this is one of those places.  I strongly suggest that you go check it out.
Although I didn't need Retail Therapy, I started off with one at Modern Steak. A small but tasty martini served with a carafe on the side containing a separate compartment for suspended ice - (AWESOME). Belvedere, Grand Marnier, strawberry, basil & lemon juice.For starters I ordered the Roasted Beet Salad which had a lovely presentation and included Frisée, pistachios and goat cheese. It was really good, but didn't surpass my favorite from The Parlor.My friends had Oysters and the Tuna Tartare which they both enjoyed.For dinner, I opted for the Chilean Sea Bass which was good but for $35 didn't have the best texture and the sauce was a bit saltier than I would have preferred. Perhaps I should have ordered a Steak at a place called Modern Steak? Small oversight on my part...Friends had the Heart Brand Akaushi 8 oz Filet...($78!) and the Beef Short Rib, Horseradish Gnocchi & Red Wine Jus, much better priced at $28. I tried the Short Rib which was excellent and they enjoyed the Filet, however it 'wasn't comparable to his $200 Kobe beef experience in Japan' - but then again, I have some high maintenance friends.As far as the interior goes, Hayes Studio did an incredible job. I actually enjoyed sitting on the mock patio inside the mall with the over-sized lampshades and artificial round plants while taking in all of the textures. At one moment I felt I was in some classic side street in France until I realized I was staring at Banana Republic and remembered I was in Scottsdale Fashion Square. But a girl can dream, can't she?
Delicious. I'll be back for seconds, and thirds, and fourths...In quintissential Phoenix style, Breadfruit is housed in an unassuming, small space in a nondescript neighborhood close to the heart of downtown. The space itself needs a little more character and decor to qualify for true "Phoenix hidden gem" status at the moment, but it's only the first week of its existence so time will tell. Still, I was sold at first glance of the menu. Lots of stuff I've never heard of, with descriptions that all tempted the taste buds. I decided to zero in on the brown chicken stew, which is actually not a stew at all but however you want to describe it, it was damn tasty. As a starter my friend and I also split a two-dollar chicken curry patty, which I'd describe as a cross between the crust of an apple-less apple turnover, a samosa, and chicken curry. YUM. I could see myself going back just to eat another one of those alone. A small complaint, one that I don't often have at American restaurants that are addicted to overstuffing their obese customers, concerns the portion size. I do like, and favor, smaller portions at any restaurant I go to. But the brown chicken stew was just so good that it left me wanting just a *notch* more. Also, beware if you're new to this particular entree as I was, because the chicken contains bones. The service is alright. The waitstaff struck me more as just... "a bunch of dudes," as opposed to professional waiters/waitresses. But the "dude" we had was perfectly friendly. Another great addition to the downtown scene. I suggest they consider expanding their Friday and Saturday night hours though.
IHOP - this chain restaurant brings back memories of meals with grandparents and post SAT brunch with friends... or was it OHOP?  I can't remember, but either way, you can't go wrong at IHOP if you're in the mood for breakfast.I happened to pop into this location for a breakfast meeting on Wednesday morning.  My companion and I were probably the only patrons under the age of 65, but that didn't stop us from having a good meal.  I ordered an egg white omelette (yes, they do have egg whites if you ask even though they are not on the menu) and 2 Harvest Nut 'N Grain pancakes.  Yum!  Portion sizes were so humongous that I couldn't even finish more than 1/2 of either item.  The pancakes were delicious - and the waiter brought me margarine instead of butter and a sugar free syrup as well.  I can almost talk myself into believing that this was a guilt free breakfast, but not quite!Service was fine... our waiter was sweet and i was pleased that everything arrived exactly as we ordered it.  3 stars because it's a chain but it's a consistent one at that - I would not hesitate to return!
I have now been to Fez for two events, brunch, lunch, dinner and time at the bar, so I figured I should update. I also checked my bank account, and it looks like in the past 30 days I have spent over $300.... yikes!I'm a big fan of consistency, and every time I come to Fez, I have a consistently warm and amazing experience. The food is always top notch, aside from one busy Saturday night the service has always been pretty good, the drinks are strong and you cannot beat the environment. Or a smiling, happy, hugging Thomas. Fez. I love you. My bank account hates you. I need to start working some swerve and get someone to take me on an all-expense-paid date here.. ha ha PS The green pasta rocks my socks
Seriously, slamming Kazimierz as a wine bar is like slamming Lombardis in NYC for pizza.  Let's get a hold of ourselves here.  Forget about the food, if you want food, go to a restaurant.Forget about smiling doormen.  If you want smiles, buy a ticket to the next "Up With People" tour that comes into town.Forget about light.  If you want light, go hiking in Sedona and soak in the sun.Bottom line, if you can't find a wine that pleases from this enormous list, you must not have a tongue.
Another downtown joint I hadn't bothered reviewing because it's such a part of my regular routine.I love hash browns and Matt's is a hash brown lover's paradise. I don't know exactly how they cook their eggs; I just hope that whatever they do, they keep doing it. It's tasty. I have friends from Tucson who crash at my place on an occasional weekend, and every Sunday morning before they head back to the Old Pueblo, they insist on my taking them here. They're as addicted as I am. Long lines on Sunday mornings so expect a wait and bring good conversation topics with you.NOTE: MrK took some great shots of the place that you can see above. His last interior shot does indeed have Matt in the background, and the very cute Gretel toward the right (she also waitresses at the Roosevelt).
I jumped in here for a quick bite on an errand-filled lunch hour.  The burger and fries were bland and unremarkable.  Kinda a bad place for a mediocre joint, since Lenny's is right around the corner, and lots of other burger joints are just a mile away.  Better than a standard chain fast food place, but not by much.
An excerpt from a letter to Slade Grove, Wicked Kitchen Confections:"Luci's was the perfect spot to feature your confections. The service was amazing. My latte had a little heart in foam on the top. The service people were so friendly, but I feel like they should know more about what a big deal you are :) I had to educate them! I could put together a powerpoint if you'd like (kidding).The place was neat and tidy but had a nice warm quality to it. They had the convertible doors open so the breeze was really fitting for a late morning pastry-brunch."A friend and I skipped the gym and went over to Luci's to celebrate my birthday and the Wicked pastries now being featured. We split a cinnamon roll and a red velvelt mini-cake (because according to Slade cupcake are out of fashion). The atmosphere was clean but cozy, the coffee was delicious and served with a smile. As far as the pastries... it's Slade. You can't go wrong.Luci, the owner, was outgoing and interested in our opinions of the place.Overall, it was a lovely experience. I hope to return soon for an actual meal or maybe to take a cooking lesson.
Yay! I can't take the grin off my face after visiting UNION and discovering the perfect "union" of incredible local businesses in the Valley. This reminds me of the Arizona version of the Ferry Building in San Francisco. The feel of UNION is organic, local, boutique-y and simply delightful! It's the type of place that you can stop by on a lazy afternoon and get lost in exploration of each of the 18 businesses housed within the same building. But allow me to walk you through it in a bit more depth! Upon entering the south-side of the Biltmore Fashion Park, you see a welcoming patio with tables, chairs and umbrellas that offer the perfect spot for a snack, meal or to work. A coffee shop window space allows you to grab a beverage without actually entering UNION, but do yourself a favor and step through the doors. Within UNION, Trattoria del Piero serves an abundance of fresh and organic food options, including salads and tasty-looking sandwiches. I made the mistake of eating before I visited, but I won't do that again! UNION is a long hallway of 18 boutiques on either side. It's airy, open and friendly. This is a local shopper's paradise because it's a one-stop-shop for practically everything. Here's a list of just some of the adorable shops within UNION:- An organic gift shop with accessories for the kitchen and house. - Whoopie Pie bakery with whoopies of every kind - Queen Creek Olive Oil Company with olive oils, wine, accessories and body products - Frances, complete with clothing, jewelry and gifts - Smeeks - the ultimate candy store that's the perfect place to satisfy the sweet tooth or pick up a present. - Citrine - one of my favorite stores in UNION and owned by a very nice woman named Melissa who has a detailed knowledge of skincare. This shop has moisturizers, face products and makeup. They even make their own perfume for you!- A bicycle shop...yes a bicycle shop! - A flower shop with fresh and beautiful flowers - A news-stand - A men's clothing store *** I know I'm missing several of the shops, but hopefully this gives you an idea of the variety within UNION! Whether you have $1, $5 or $100 to spend, the thing I like about UNION the most is that it doesn't really matter how much money you have to spend because it's enjoyable just merely looking around. However, with the the amount of adorable merchandise surrounding you, it will be hard to leave empty-handed! I plan on spending many a lazy afternoon here moving forward!
It was around 6pm on my third day in Phoenix when I was (finally) able to hang out and catch up with two dearly-missed SBC alums, Lynn W and Claire! Originally, we'd set out for the dessert place next door, but I had just returned from a 10-hour day trip out to Grand Canyon and back so a slice of pizza sounded perfect...The joint looks very collegiate and indie, full of simple designs, bright colors, and decisive lack of branding, although further inspection reveals it to be a widespread, though not yet prominent franchise.For just shy of $20, I ordered three slices and drinks for our impromptu dinner, myself gravitating towards the simple pesto slice, as usual.For the price per slice, it seems a tad on the expensive side, but the slice, its flavor and ingredients, is decent. The better option or deal is probably to get one of the heartier sounding whole pizzas [online menu: http://weborder3.microworks.com/zpizza/Item.aspx?menuid=2477]  Nonetheless, it hit the spot and service was very friendly.There's a cool symbiosis of Z Pizza being immediately attached and sharing a space with Pink Spot next door.___________________________________________Savory and sweet in a single space! Gluttony abounds!
A large 1 topping pizza is $14.79 plus tax and is about the same quality as freezer pizzas. So why the 4 stars? The entertainment. What you are actually paying for is a pipe organ recital (in a fun way) with imaginative, fun lighting and animated characters.The noise level can be pretty intense here and indeed many families are not very good at supervising their obviously over-stimulated children. The lines can be quite long to order food, but they assign you a number which lights up on a large board so that you can return to the entertainment until your food is ready for pick up at the counter.A non-mall location (bonus points), easy parking, talented organists, and friendly staff. This place will delight your children and the inner child in you.
This place isn't a "bar..." Its just a joke.What bar in its right mind shuts down at 9:50 on a Saturday night? Evidently Christoper's is the only one that comes to mind.We walked in on a Saturday, sat down as there were still some 20 people sitting around having drinks, and were quite brusquely informed that they were closed and that we needed to leave. We asked what all the other folk were doing there, and we were informed that they were regulars and friends and that closing didn't apply to them.The only time we'll be going back to Christoper's is when its closing for good to mock the owner as he locks the door one last time. Until then, this place can kiss my lily white ass.
I have been here twice, both times during happy hour, and I have to say that I disagree with most of the reviews here.First off - I did valet my car.  A 2004 Kia Sedona.  There were people there with nice cars, but it was hardly a car show.  Yep, rich people drive nice cars.  Im not jealous.  I dont think the guy driving the Sentra in front of me in the Valet line was to concerned either.Secondly - the women.  Yep.  There are lots of dressed up Scottsdale women here.  Lots of older guys too.  I tend not to pay attention to either when I go out, so I dont know how everyone was behaving.  I go with my girlfriend.  I will leave these comments to the people watchers.Third - the food.  Sushi is pretty much all I eat when I come here.  I find it to be quite delicious.  I have been to dozens of sushi restaurants around Phoenix, Seattle, and California.  The sushi here is good.  Consistent quality, good selection.The service - It can be a little difficult to get the waiters attention.  I think that has to do with what I am going to say next.I think my only complaint is how loud the music has been on occasion.  When I am having to shout to talk to my girlfriend, or I cant hear the sushi chef talking 2 feet in front of me, its getting a little stupid.I think whoever started the loud music trend at these hip restaurants should be publicly flogged.  Hearing aids arent on the menu.
When my sister was visiting a month or so ago, she was craving authentic, cheap Thai from a place that features a lunch special. I hadn't tried Swaddee or Thai Lahna yet, so I decided to take her to Benjarong, where my husband and I had had a pretty good experience the first time. Well, on my second visit, one thing was better - the prices. The lunch specials were only $5.95 and included a delicious little chicken in coconut broth soup and an egg roll. However, I have to say the food was not as great as I remembered it being. Maybe it's just that Swaddee and Thai Lahna have such flavorful and authentic main dishes, or maybe the chef was having an off day, but my sister and I found both of our dishes (curry and Pad See Ew) to be pretty bland and really greasy. We both left feeling a little full and kind of gross. I still think that this is a good spot for cheap, decent Thai if you're in Mesa, but I wouldn't make the drive for it after our second experience.
I rolled on in for my first time for lunc today and nowI really have mixed fellings. My Roll did taste good, but anything covered in spicy mayo would. I like the brown rice, but the complete lack of artisan craftmanship with the rice, icrean scoops used for fish and cutting leave me unimpressed.My real quandry is when it comes to value. ~7 for a sushi roll is not a bad price (or a great one) but for lunch $7 for a seat your self type place is on par however one sushi roll is not really filling enough for me.  Thus the 3 stars based on my ability to feel full after a roll + miso soup (.99).Service ws fast friendly and helpful. I liked the idea of soy sauce in a iced tea like despencer. If you are not too hungry, and want a fast lunch that can be somewhat healthy give this place a try.
Excellent souvlaki, great service, locally owned. I'm not Greek either; who cares? Grape leaves, falafel, baba ghanoush, are indigenous to many parts of the world, including Greece. Go to any Greek, Lebanese, or Persian restaurant in town and all these dishes will vary slightly.Very good food and very good service in a quaint restaurant. It's worth a stop for lunch or dinner.
I was hesitant at first. I haven't experienced good transitions from sole coffee bar to coffee & alcohol bar. However... that being said... Lux has pulled it off. The coffee and alcohol components are separate yet beautiful in their own right. Since I am not much of a drinker.. I come during the day.The pastries are so eloquently done. You can see each of their wonder delicious calories without struggling. The only frustration points are how the crowd tends to gather at the coffee bar and it makes for a bit of a traffic jam. Hopefully that'll resolve as the days go on.Most of the chairs are rather hard. Such is life. I'll be back.
Old school yo!We're talking salad bar with beets, sunflower seeds and cottage cheese yo!We're talking prime rib of Flintstonian proportions! I met a group of good friends here recently. We were seated in a back (non window) room and my claustrophobia almost got the best of me. It was a pretty tiny room. Soon I decided it wasn't tiny. It was cozy. And soon the Coronas were a- comin' and the conversation was flowing.Our server, a delightful woman, was efficient and friendly. And a shout out to her just for handling a group of a dozen or so yelpers! Can you imagine waiting on us lol!?!?My prime rib and baked potato were pure perfection. The salad bar was fresh and fully loaded. Much like myself towards the end of the evening.The decor is all muraled-out if memory serves me. So there's a lot going on! So Feeney's you got a new fan! Great place to take my folks, out of towners or anyone I think is worthy of the Feeney charm!!!Yo!
After reading some glowing reviews of Bandera (specifically of their 'best on the planet' cornbread) here on Yelp, Krashawnda just had to try the place. We went on a Friday night and were quoted a wait time of about 45 minutes, though they actually were able to get us in a bit quicker. The hostess was extremely helpful and polite and accommodated us really well; even though we missed our name being called while we were out walking... upon returning she was overly apologetic and concerned with getting us the next available table even though it wasn't her fault... kudos for that. The ambience in the place is superb. As some others have mentioned it is a little dark, but we enjoyed that and found it to be rather relaxing and romantic. If you happen to be on a date this would be a great place to snuggle up in a booth together to enjoy the night. The darker lighting and decor creates a classy feel without feeling too pretentious like some other Scottsdale locales... although like any nice Scottsdale restaurant it's going to be hard to completely avoid the 'tool factor'... you're still likely to see a few spray tanned  Scottsdalians with their collars popped getting fueled for a night of mindless club hopping. Now for the best thing about this place... the food! The menu is pretty basic, no Cheesecake Factory bible-sized menus; just one page chock full 'o yummy easily recognizable dishes. We started out with a couple of appetizers; the deviled eggs and the much talked about cornbread. First off the deviled eggs were very tasty... I'm not sure what they used in them, but they had this slightly chunky consistency and the taste was different than the usual homemade deviled eggs I'm used to... kind of like deviled eggs on steroids; very good and cheap (About three bucks for four of them, perfect just to try). Next on the docket was the much ballyhooed cornbread. I've never been a huge fan of cornbread... but I have to admit; the other Yelpers are right on the money here; it's the best cornbread I've ever had. Each bite was like little fireworks of buttery crunchy goodness going off in my mouth. They cook the cornbread in this perfect way so that it's crunchy on the outside yet soft and moist on the inside. It really is heavenly... and this is coming from someone who usually passes on cornbread. For our main dish we split the rotisserie chicken sandwich and a half rack of pork ribs. Both were amazing... the ribs fell right of the bone and were served on a bed of super thin crunchy French fries. The chicken in the sandwich was cooked perfectly and just melted in your mouth. The sandwich also came with a small salad which was sprinkled with some kind of nuts and tasted very fresh. The portions were perfect... not too much but certainly enough to fill you up. We saved just enough room to try their 'Homemade Oreo Cookie Sandwiches'... and I'm really glad we did, I squealed with delight each bite I took... it was amazing. They were basically two medium sized crispy chocolate cookies stuffed with homemade Oreo ice cream... served on a bed of hot fudge. It was everything I imagined it would be and more; definitely one of those deserts that doesn't disappoint you when they bring it out. It's one of the best desserts I've had in a while. To add to everything, the service was also very prompt and courteous. We didn't have to wait long for our food (which is always nice) and our waitress was very attentive and friendly. We definitely got the feeling that they train their wait staff very well, the only close to negative thing I could say is that sometimes they might come off a little fake and disingenuous with how they always have a huge smile on their face; there's that feeling that they might be being nice to your face, then complaining about you when they're not by your table... but that's really nitpicking, in fact I don't know why I even mentioned it. One nice quirk was when they brought us our bill the 'customer copy' of the receipt was neatly folded over the credit card like a little piece of origami... cool little things like that make a big difference when looking back at your dining experience. From start to finish I'd have to say the place really blew us away... it's definitely the total package and it's somewhere I look forward to eating at again. I can't imagine anyone going here and giving the place anything less than four stars. As it stands right now it's a solid 5/5 from us. If you're in the mood for some solid grub in the medium price range this place is a sure shot
I love their cookies!   I stopped by as the store is near where I work.  Brought some for my coworkers and they loved them!  I will definitely be back as these cookies are better than what you can make yourself.  People at work were asking me for their website.  I will be ordering from them for family and friends.. I love the cookie called Simple! It is chocolate chip but their other ones are terrific too!
I definitely liked this place, but there are a few reasons why i had to give it 3 stars instead of the 4 I initially intended on giving.  I'll get the negative out of the way now so I can end on a good note.  First of all, the layout is just kind of silly.  I totally understand that this is an olllldddd building, so you work with what you're given.  That being said, the entrance/exit is too small and the condiment line backs up into that exit.  It's really frustrating that people feel some need to create a single file line to get sodas, napkins, utensils and condiments when really, there is A LOT of room to share.  It's a really long condiment bar!  Second of all it's way out there for us.  Living in Downtown Phoenix makes the trek out to Gilbert pretty rough sometimes.  Finally, they wouldn't let me sub a smaller version of the green bean fries for regular fries, even though I was willing to pay more than the normal sub fee.On to the good... The grilled cheese I got was really yummy.  It was made with really thick Texas Toast style bread, had some great cheese on the inside, and it was toasted/grilled just right.  It was a very hearty grilled cheese!  The green bean fries that I wanted just a single sized portion of turned out to be like 3 pounds piled high in a basket!  They were really good and garlicky, and for only 5 bucks a great value.  However, I really just wanted enough for myself because as it turns out, I continued eating them until I made myself sick. Overall, I liked the place, but it seems to be constantly busy and I just don't like getting crowded when I'm trying to eat a nice relaxing meal outside.
This used to be a great little bar and I am not sure what happened to it. My daughter has gone in 2 or 3 times now and she consistently gets bad service and she suspects it is because she is a teenager (17). They have over charged her, double charged her debit card, and just given her poor service. So I decided to go with her the other night to get a bite to eat and waitress #1 shows up, takes our drink order, then waitress #2 shows up with our drinks and says she is now our waitress. She brought our Onion Rings/Fries out cold and I had to send them back. She took forever in swinging by the table to check on us. They brought out the MOAB brownie without any spoons. It just went on and on. I never used to get service like that there and I did not recognize any of the managers that used to be there. They won't be getting any of my money in the future.
Boy, am I surprised to see negative reviews on here.  I've lived close to and have been going to Amano for six straight years now, and have never had anything short of a delightful, delicious experience.I usually order the pear/walnut salad and the shrimp pasta or risotto dish.  It's delicious every time.  I've also tried their pizza, some of their specials (like a seafood stew), a pork dish, etc..  This is the place that I bring dates (hungry guys) to, and they are always very pleased with their dishes.  I am a serious cook, and am always delighted by the taste, presentation and balance of the dishes served here.The service is actually very friendly and frankly, the reason I like it is because it's not overbearing.  The same people have worked there for what seems like forever, and they remember you and are always helpful with the unique and yummy wine list.  No, they don't greet you in the same way as every other restaurant in town, but that's what makes this place so "homey" and comforting.  Like I said, I bring dates here, and we never feel rushed or watched, but always feel like we get what we need when we need it.  Thus, the staff supplements the already romantic feel of Amano.For people who whine about pricey meals, it's not any pricier than anything else around (unless you prefer Red Brick Pizza or McDonald's).  Yes, the meals are around $17.00 - 22.00.  You are sitting in a lovely place with fresh flowers and quality food where the napkins are linen, the salad plates are chilled, and the wine list is extensive and extremely reasonable.  If you are going to go out and $20.00 a meal is too much for you, then look at the menu before you start ordering.  Sorry, but this restaurant isn't looking for a person of your class to dine there anyway.If you live in the neighborhood, this is a great place for a romantic dinner, although I warn that it is also family (and therefore kid) friendly.  But seriously, their wine list is superb, and you can tell that everything is fresh and made on the spot.
Well let me start by saying i agree with all of the reviews i have read already...but let me start with one obvious problem i have always had with buffet style restaurants...THE CARPET....UHHHHHH!!!!!! I mean if these establishment are going to have carpet in a public area with kids present and people generally eating like kids...then you must pay close attention to the CARPET!!!!. The CARPET had a horrible smell at this location...and you really have to be careful not to let it ruin your appetite.Secondly for the $25 price tag...if your not going for some sort of special...like the all you can eat ribs....which no one else does...then it may not be worth your money. This evening...because my wife loves ribs...is why we even went to pay this establishment a visit. Now don't get me wrong the food is very good...not great...but very good. I had a fabulous piece of rotisserie chicken breast with mashed potatoes and gravy...mac and cheese....and dinner rolls. My wife had the ribs of course.... along with various sides.Now the dessert is not so great or very good for that matter. I had the lemon tart....brownie...and vanilla-chocolate swirl yogurt...and all of them were awful. My wife had the lemon cake and vanilla ice cream along with some fresh strawberries and she seemed to enjoy it.Now in conclusion i don't have to go here again personally...but if a special deal comes to this establishment and you really like it you should definitely give it a shot....otherwise pay your $25 to eat somewhere else. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
This is really the perfect place for a college area.  Too bad it is wasted on Phoenix College.  The place is big, cluttered with cool stuff on the walls, and has a bar & a smoking patio.  The ordering process is fast and makes it easy.  It's like Fudruckers but edible.  I ordered the Hawaiian Burger.  While it wasn't as good as the one I used to get at Goofy Goose in Tacoma, it was still pretty good.  The patty was huge, hand-formed, and perfectly cooked.  The bun was tasty.  There was ample Swiss cheese and teriyaki sauce on the burger as well.  The only complaint was that it only had one pineapple which was a 1/4 the size of the burger.  I really only got the full "Hawaiian Burger" experience when I got into the middle where the pineapple was.  Oh well, it was still good.The side order of fries was tasty enough and their onion rings looked good.  The condiment bar was a bit lacking.  I was hoping for lots of different sauces like honey mustard or horseradish but it was pretty much the basics.  The salad bar didn't look all that good to me but why are you getting a salad at a burger place?In all, great burger, good prices, and exactly what I expected.  WAY better than Burger Studio.
First off, I am not Vegan....not even slightly. I love myself a good slice of fish or some wholesome chicken like the next guy. However, I have shifted my lifestyle choices recently to a more healthy overall track. So keep that in mind when reading forward.Green is the first "mock" food joint I have ever eaten at. Considering the reviews of fellow Yelpers, I took my fiance over here to check it out. We both were cautiously optimistic about the abundance of options on the menu. Laura (my fiance) chose a mock meatball spaghetti, the Orecciette pasta. The mock meatballs tasted more like falafel than meat, however the sauce and earlobe pasta was amazing. Also added in were the veggies within the pasta....overall she really chose an awesome dish.I chose the seemingly popular Original "g" spicy po-boy sandwich, with curry pasta. Biting into the mock chicken, you could tell it was not real chicken per say..its obvious. BUT, the amazingly tasty flavors along with the buffalo sauce just run rampantly on your taste buds. The curry pasta I got as my side was as good, if not better than the sandwich itself...I could eat that curry pasta all day.So, with that said, two dishes tried, both tasted AMAZING. You can tell the food is not real, but does it matter when the food tastes so great? I'll answer that for you with a resounding no...no it doesn't matter. It gets 5 stars just for the fact that the culinary experience may be different, but the end result is significant satisfaction on multiple levels. Think about it:  its great for you, the soy products within are amazingly healthy and everything is organic for the most part when you eat here. I will definitely be making plans to set aside a few $'s just for a "Green Fund" so I can eat here at least a couple times a month. Will re-post when I try something else...perhaps the pizza??? Will update soon!!!
You must have at least 4 people in your group to have a table to yourself!  I used to have a lot of business meetings with clients at this place (at least twice a week) as it was right down the street from my office.  The food is not great and the service is unusually horrible but they have a big selection for my business clients to choose from as most have different tastes and it is more of a relaxing environment in which most like. One Sunday, 2 friends and I were having lunch at a table for four people.  They sat a stranger with us to have lunch....very awkward, but was okay as we were all drinking beers.  About two weeks later (on a Friday), I was entertaining potential clients discussing our company and answering other questions.  There were three of us sitting at a table for four people.  They had the "balls" to sit another guy at our table as they say they were now sitting groups together to fill all spots.  I told the manager that we were discussing business as he seemed to not care and still sit the guy with us.  Needless to say, I have never returned to a zipps and never will.
That has got to be one of the coolest patios in town for a get together.  I was another of the Yelp group (and friends) in attendance last night for happy hour.  We had a long table reserved for us.  The bartender was also our waiter for the evening.  To my knowledge, with all of us moving around, I don't think he screwed up a single order of food or drink.  The manager, Matt, came by to check on us several times.  I arrived fairly early and before I was tempted to work my way through multiple baskets of the wonderful bread and pesto I ordered a serving of crab cakes.  They were quite good, certainly not enough volume to replace an entree.  I was offered several choices of pizza slices and accepted a bruscetta one which was delicious.  Of the many pizzas ordered I did not hear one person that was less than satisfied.  I do of sort regret not trying the white pizza but I was at that not full but no longer hungry point where I should, but don't always, stop.  We did cause one hiccup in the evening, many of us decided it was time to go at the same time and with all the separate bills to figure out at once it swamped the entire staff to the point a couple of people at the bar complained they couldn't get a drink.  Most of the night we ordered as individuals or pairs as we saw fit so we never overwhelmed the kitchen or the server.  I have yet to figure out why groups of people (non business) that are going to be there for a couple of hours anyway have to all order and get served at the same time.  We must have at least looked like we were well behaved, Matt invited us back.
Personally, I am insulted when someone visits Phoenix and asks me to take them to a Macayo's. The other reviews' analogies to Denny's and TGI Fridays are spot on. I would add Olive Garden to the list of good comparisons. Would you go to Italy and ask your host to take you to a McDonalds? I understand that the company apparently has a well-oiled marketing machine in place, since many out-of-towners seem to know about it the moment they get off the plane. If I was reviewing marketing departments I guess they'd get 5 stars. But I honestly can't think of a scenario where going out to eat at Macayo's would ever be worthwhile or necessary. Maybe, your car runs out of gas right at the intersection of Central and Clarendon and you have a disease that will kill you if you don't eat within the next 20 minutes? But then, Fez is right there. Oh, but the disease specifically requires you to eat Mexican food or you'll die? Fine. That's what Blue Burrito is for, but at lower prices and less time (not to mention less calories). So again, why dine at Macayo's?If you do want to eat there, please, just avoid hurting my feelings and do it behind my back.
I do not see the allure.  We got a big box of the mini sized brownies in a variety of flavors (100 - 120 a pop) and I tried the walnut.  Not great.  Kinda dry.So I waited a bit and tried the original.  Just as dry and no walnuts.Skip it.
I love Cracker Barrel.  Having first experienced it 12 yrs ago in the South, I was pleased to find one in nearby Mesa.  Some of my favorite dishes:Sunrise Sampler (Eggs, Bacon, Hash Browns, Grits, Apple, Biscuits & Gravy)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=Mjsj2CZ2GgLwp8FHZWuVqQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=DTLjwZ6D_A1_F3rHNIStiQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=k4mCERWR9ePXHvKXtkCo3gWhole Grain Pancakes w/Bacon & Eggshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=xyRLO-ivSRUBbKDSjV9KOAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=PsJOSxXEte8MYW63yhpxjwPeach Teahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=aQUTQPAKPlVpYmOajJrxnAThis location is just as good as the ones I remember in the South.  The country store is also very cool and full of goodies.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=pgRb_mM_ZcvoKEMgoc69fwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=Ix6MVNHBlBgT9qh-JtmJjwOverall, one of my favorite breakfast joints.Return Factor - 100%
This was almost a one star review... I really enjoy the food burrito Bandito creates and I'm craving one right now! This happened a while back but the experience was so hilarious I must tell what ensued. I go in to order 2 breakfast burritos, one with chorizo and egg, the other with bean, egg and cheese. It's only 10am and they tell me that they haven't made any chorizo, the cook got a late start. OK I can work with you... make the chorizo burrito with bacon instead. OK. I wait and wait. The burritos finally come out. They are in the bag and the girl asks me if I want salsa... I say yes but she just ignores me and hands me the bag. I tell her again that I want salsa and she then gives me 2 cups. I drive all the way to work where my coworker is meeting me in the parking lot. I open a burrito since it isn't marked and see that there is ham in it. For some reason neither I nor my coworker enjoy ham though we love our bacon. I was aggravated. They didn't have chorizo at 10 am when they open at 6 am, and they mess up a simple order. I get the girl on the phone. ME: "Hi. I was just in there, remember? I wanted the chorizo breakfast burrito, but the cook hadn't made it so I ordered one with bacon instead? Well, I understand people come in late, have a bad day, so I was willing and happy with changing my order to bacon, but it STILL got messed up. And that I am not happy with." Socially Retarded Girl: "Well I wasn't in the kitchen, I didn't make it." ME: (aghast but still trying to be polite) "Yes. I know. But the fact remains that the order was still messed up." (Now I expect her to apologize, get a manager... comp me SOMETHING!) Socially Retarded Girl: (She honestly says to me...) "SO? What do you want me to do about it?" ME: (This is where I effing LOSE it because I can't believe that she couldn't put herself in the place of an unhappy customer and just be nice, I was.) "WELL? WHAT DO YOU NORMALLY DO WHEN YOU MESS UP SOMEONES ORDER?" Socially Retarded Girl: "I have no idea." Me: "Well then how 'bout you give the phone to someone who does!" I am completely stunned at the way she talked to me. I mean, this was a simple "I'm sorry, let me get my manager, let me comp you one." Guy/Manager "I'm so sorry about this. The mess up and the way she talked to you. Let me give you $10 store credit." Done. I'm happy. I use it on BB $1.29 Mondays for tacos and burritos. MMM I could go for some right now.
not much i can say after 99 reviews..thought i would give my two cents anyways. we visited carlsbad tavern located in scottsdale last saturday. as you walk in there is a cool water fountain in the front.  inside it's dark and has a unique cave like feel inside. i appreciated that they have an extensive wine list! i went with a refreshing clean slate riesling.  for my entree i ordered snapper tacos. it was a safe choice since i love fish.  mr h ordered the carne adovada (slow roasted pork) burrito for his entree. i was amazed that he could tolerate such a high spice level!  i had just one bite of his burrito and it was burning my mouth so much that i ended up gulping my riesling. as other reviewers mentioned they do charge 2.99 for chips and salsa! i agree it's a ripe off but at least the chips are warm and the salsa was fresh and delicious. overall an outstanding place for folks who like heat in their food.
I was craving Chinese the other night, so my boyfriend and I decided to check out Jade Palace.  It was nicer inside than I thought it would be...the restaurant felt intimate, and most diners kept pretty quiet, so it was a relaxing atmosphere.The servers were very attentive, and more than once we had different servers coming up to ask us if we needed anything else.  The food was great- we shared spring rolls, veggie fried rice and veggie low mein and it was more than enough.  They also give you a generous portion of wonton chips with this amazing sweet orange sauce and a bowl of white rice.Our total was around $23 for all of this, so prices are pretty reasonable.  There are more expensive dishes on the menu, but luckily for us, we don't eat meat.  If you do, you could end up paying anywhere from $12-20 for a meal.I definitely recommend this place. It's in a strip-mall (what in AZ isn't?) and it's easy to see from Shea.  Oh and the portions were big enough that we even have leftovers for today! Woo hoo!
Probably one of my favorite restaurants and bars in Scottsdale/Phoenix. Don't be alarmed by the fact that its in Scottsdale or the swanky appearance of the place... the prices do not reflect that at all! In fact, its almost "cheap" for the consistently good food you get, the cocktails - you MUST get the Summer Solstice martini - and the overall vibe. This is one of the places you'll go for dinner, but would be more than happy just staying at the entire night. The space is really modern with various art rotating and there's a DJ who spins up top in the loft. If you're looking to experience Scottsdale in a classy, don't-break-the-bank way (and actually want to eat a full dinner, not mini "fancy" portions) AZ 88 is a must.
The first time I visited Petite Maison, it was for lunch on a cold and rainy afternoon. As I rushed past the wet outdoor seating, I promised myself I would come back in better weather and enjoy an evening on the patio. One should never break promises, especially the ones you make to yourself. So, I was more than happy to return recently for wine and appetizers under the stars! No rain here - just a beautiful night for dining alfresco. The patio, complete with lit fireplace, was like a garden party surrounded by plants and flowers. I couldn't have asked for better atmosphere. Sitting back and sipping a nice glass of Latour Domaine de Valmoisinne Pinot Noir I thought "this is as good as it gets". What was I thinking? Of course it could get better - I hadn't even eaten yet! We weren't "full meal" hungry, so my friend and I decided on a few appetizers to enjoy along with our wine: Escargots en Croûte - this was my first experience with escargot, and I will admit that due to an unfortunate childhood snail incident I was a bit hesitant. My bravery was rewarded by the perfect combination of garlic, herbs, pernod and butter, all capped off by puffed pastry. Yes, I dipped my bread in the segments of the serving dish to absorb more garlicky goodness. Moules Maison - I am a huge fan of mussels and these didn't disappoint. They were nicely sized, and served in a white wine and thyme broth. More bread-dipping ensued... Soup à l'onion - I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE onion soup and this was among the best I have tasted. The broth was rich and flavorful, with just the right amount of caramelized onions. It was topped with bubbling gruyere cheese that made each and every bite so very good. Our server was attentive and informative - she really knew the menu! Extra points for keeping us stocked with warm herb rolls. When asked about one of the after dinner drinks on the menu, she even produced a sample of Armagnac Samalens. While I didn't try it, my friend wanted to "bathe in it" so I am assuming it was very good! I can't wait to go back...
I had to make the Great Circle trip to DoPho and CenPho, although I always think of it as GoPho (going to Phoenix...it seems like a long journey).Today I got to take a baseball bat to the temple twice in one day!I had to spend quality time with my accountant and more of the same with my health insurance agent...just one of those mornings.I needed to treat myself, although after a visit with my business friends, I somehow felt it needed to be an inexpensive treat.My insurance agent is just north of Lucky Boy and that's where I went for my late lunch. I needed a scotch, and a Lucky Boy burger may not be the next best thing, but it's pretty damn good.I had not been here since last fall, but it really never changes (at least not since I came to AZ). They just make a good, simple burger. There aren't any tricks (no butter flavored whatever on the buns). The fries are crunchy outside and fluffy inside. The buns are soft, but hold together well and the meat is charred, but not crusty and overdone.Are there better burgers in the Phoenix area?...I'd have to say yes. Are there better drive-thru burgers in Phoenix?...I don't think so. Lucky boy is terrific...fresh, tasty, inexpensive (my meal was under $5.00), fast and the people at Lucky Boy are just extremely nice folks. Let's all do our  part and make them busier!
This place definitely has an upscale loungy feel to it. The only way I found out about it is because I work right in that area. I can see how it would be a nice change of pace from the typical clubs around the valley. It would be a good place to start the evening and maybe impress some people visiting from out of town. Think of a place you would see in L.A. or Chicago. I have been to places like this in each of these cities, dark, swanky, cool, hip. My secret hint for this place is that you can see certain Suns players come in late at night to hang out.
Suck it, Pizzeria Bianco.  There's a new joint in town and you don't stand a chance.A friend pestered us to visit this hidden gem and I have yet to figure out how to thank him.  The pizza is a must-have--it equals pies I've eaten in Rome and Torino--but the rest of the menu is impressive as well.  One our first visit, the specials were seafood based and we tried 'em both.  A sole with with artichokes, capers, and a white wine sauce was perfectly cooked, and the scampi-like shrimp was darn near as good.  Others have applauded the complimentary appetizers so I'll simply agree and move on; the pizza Margherita was the star of my meal.  A thin crispy/chewy crust covered with crushed tomatoes, dotted with cheese and sprinkled with fresh basil was a gustatory Italian vacation.  Oh, and order dessert even if you have to have it surgically implanted.The atmosphere belies the dodgy location.  The decor is both upscale (granite tables, tile floors) and mundane (a flat screen tv hovers overhead, tuned to an Italian satellite station).  Yes, I wouldn't walk home from here after dark, but parking is close and well-lighted, and the squeamish can use the freeway to be safely back in their suburbs in minutes.
I was out on errands & getting hungry, so I stopped into this place today for lunch.  I see these "Long Wong's" places all over town, but this is the first time I've tried one of them.  Here's how it was at this one:First off, it's a real dump, ala Taco Bite.  Part of the menu is up on a board behind the counter, & the rest is strewn around all over the walls & on erasable boards.I ordered a "Special" from the listless counter girl, which was promoted as 6 hot chicken wings & a cheeseburger for $4.95.  You have to pay BEFORE they fix the food, & before you can beg to go to the bathroom to wash your hands.  (It lives behind a locked hallway door that has a big sign on it saying that you can't use the bathroom!)They wouldn't trust me with the hallway-to-the-bathroom door key, but instead I had to wait for girl to go let me in!  Once inside the bathroom, it's a good thing I didn't have to go, because not only doesn't the door lock, it doesn't even CLOSE!  You pull it closed & it opens back up a foot or two, I guess so that the staff can keep an eye on you in there!Back out in the dining room, I took a seat in a booth.  Next to it was a window with big, heavy bars on it like a jail!  I brought a book to read, but I couldn't hear myself think, because the TV on the wall was blabbing out, so I sat.  It was cold in there, too.  It's no wonder they make you pay first!  Otherwise I would have left.So then in a little while girl brought out my food.  The cheeseburger bun was REFRIGERATOR COLD, & the "6 wings" were actually THREE, because they count each side of the wing as a wing.  Also, they were the tiniest chicken wing pieces I have ever seen, not more than 2 inches long each.After eating this dinky meal my fingers were all gooey, but I didn't feel like going through the hassle of trying to get girl to let me into the bathroom again to wash my hands, so I drove home with them like that.  When I got home, I washed my hands & fixed myself something to eat.Eek!
Pretty good for a decent price.  The rolled taco plate was the special and it was only $4.50.  They came with a topping of quacamole and cheese and they were quite good.  The quesadilla my daughter had was huge and full of nicely melted cheese.  She loved it but then you really can't go too wrong with a quesadilla.  The place was fairly busy with about 5 tables occupied.  It could have been just a bit cleaner in terms of the floor and tables but it was not bad.  They may have just had a rush and not had the chance to come out and clean.  I'll give them benifit of the doubt on that one.  I will go back and try more items on the menu.  They have specials every day and a fairly vaired menu.  It's located in a strip mall next to Starbucks and just down the way is Angel Sweet for dessert.  Overall it was decent.
I get coffee here several times a week, mainly because I live 'round the corner and can't always justify the drive to Lux ;-)Their WiFi router does not issue IPs smoothly...have patience after 10 minutes you will get one.Drip coffee: pretty good though I do not understand why they can't get wooden stirrers. I always ask for these but end up having to use a big plastic spoon which I assume costs them more. Oh well...Hot Mocha: This would be my winter drink here but SE's is horrible, stay away from it. Tastes like medicine.Mocha Java Frost: This is my main summer drink. I stop in after every bike ride and get one. The one thing is that not all staff members make it consistently. I have actually learned their schedules and avoid the one staffer who can't make this drink correctly. Incidentally she is also the one grouchy staff member. Maybe your ability to make a good Java Frost is directly related to your happiness in life....?
I've actually been to this place a few times, and thought the Korean food was pretty decent.  I took my parents and younger brother here very recently when they came to visit.  They wanted Korean food, and I kind of wanted to eat sushi, so we drove here.  They ordered the standard kalbi and bulgogi while I opted for the all you can eat sushi.  A few minutes later, I handed the waitress my piece of paper with my selections (IIRC you can select up to five or so items at a time)So why the one star rating?  Wall of text incoming.  If you don't want to read it all, just skip down to the bottom.The waitress was rude when I said I wanted AYCE.  She told me there was no sharing.  In a friendly way, I told her I knew what the 'rules' were and that it wasn't anywhere near the first time I'd had AYCE.  She then told me that I'd be charged if I wasted any sushi.  *yawn* I know (protip: really no place is going to charge extra unless you order an excessive amount and intentionally waste the food).  She then proceeded to tell my bro that he couldn't eat any of the sushi.  Seriously, we know lady.My family was close to finishing their food by the time my sushi came out..my first order.  No, not because they ate fast...but because at least 35 minutes had passed since I handed the waitress my order.  I mentioned it to her, and she told me it was because there were a lot of people ordering sushi.  I looked around and there were 2 people at the sushi bar, and I saw maybe 2 tables that ordered sushi also.  It doesn't take that long to cut the fish (it wasn't even cut well).I had my next piece of paper ready as soon as my food came, hoping that the next order would come before I made my family wait too long.  This order was brought out much quicker...only about 10 minutes...only I received 1 of the 5 items that I had marked.  The waitress asked me if I got everything I wanted.  Uhh..no?  I didn't want to deal with the crappy service any longer, so I asked for the check and told her I'd just go get some fast food.As we go up to pay, the guy at the counter (the owner I think) asks how everything was.  My mother tells him that it was okay, but that I had barely had anything.  He says something about how they only had one sushi chef that night bla bla bla.  I roll my eyes and we leave that place, never to return.If you want Korean food, I will admit their Korean food is ok.  But it doesn't matter how decent your food is when the service is crapolicious.  I won't be going back to Takamatsu, except maybe to give them the link to this review.Horrible service.  .If you are in the area, go to Chodang or Hodori for comparable food and much, much better service.
Thanks to Derek r.'s review, I thought I'd add my $.02.  It's been awhile since I last dined here (at least a couple of years), as I try to support non-chain restaurants these days, but I enjoyed the few dining experiences here, solo and w/ relatives.  Servers were always friendly and efficient.  Tables, chairs, booths, and women's restroom were clean.If you're one to check out those mailers that arrive in your mailbox from time to time, you'll know that 5 & Diner usually has BOGO offers on there (buy one, get one).   Years ago ('03, '04?), this very location sold, during Christmas season, upcoming new year calendars that had cute 50's theme pics.  Each month's page offered coupons such as BOGO, free children's entree with paying adult, or a free shake w/ an entree.  Does anyone know if this promotion is still running every Christmas season?
Crunchy Spicy Tuna!!! Oh so Delicious!I underestimated Arizona....This place was just awesome!They have the best happy hour I have seen even in LA. $5.00 beers and $5.00 sushi 8pm-close. Yup we closed the place. It a small little whole in the wall restaurant that is located in a shopping center next to a subway.We arrived here after our 7 hour Drive from LA to AZ. The place closed at 10...i think, but we arrived at 11:15 and they still let us order food and beer! YAYEven after we were done....they let us order dessert! Excellent Service and Awesome Staff. Oh Yen Sushi...You had me at Hello....
Short one... Really fun, Characters are fantastic. Definitely see the gun shoot out and the old time photos are worth the kinda expensive price. good time for all ages.
Umm....  I didn't like it.  Apparently I'm the only one?We went to Sweet Republic last night, drove 30 minutes because 141 reviews and a 5 star rating was reason enough.  I'm a little perplexed by the rating, I keep thinking I must have ordered the wrong flavors?We tried the salted butter carmel, rocky road and malt with chocolate waffle cone.  I didn't really care for any of them.  The flavor was so mild that I felt completely unsatisfied.  So unsatisfied that we ended up leaving and driving to Yogurtology to do the job of filling our sweet tooth.I won't be back...
If there is a heaven, Binkley's is the restaurant that is featured. By far the most amazing meal of my life. It was so amazing that we made a detour on our trip to come back a week later. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water. The only way to experience Binkley's to the fullest is to have their tasting menu with the wine accompaniment. It is out of this world. The first time I went I got the 6 course tasting menu, which in actuality is 30 courses and about 4 hours of eating and drinking.Some of the highlights:- Tater tot with cheese foam- Pomegranate bomb - Crab appetizer (crab cooked three different ways)- Roasted Sunchoke Soup- Miniature sloppy joe- Cheese fondue- Halibut  - Bread puddinThe second time ( a week later) I got the 5 course tasting menu with wine, which in actuality is 20-25 courses and about  3.5 hours of eating and drinking.Some of the highlights:- Shrimp Ceviche- Three Temperature Steak Tartare- Green apple bomb- Périgord Black Truffle & Wild Mushrooms en Papillote- Ivory King Salmon- Mint chocolate chip shot with a mint consumme- Strawberry souffle served with a banana creme anglaise- Pumpkin Pie PannacottaBoth times at Binklley were amazing--the service is impeccable, the food is heaven in your mouth and the atmosphere is elegant. I will be making special trips to Cave Creek, AZ just for Binkley's. This is a foodies paradise!
I decided to write this really quickly while I was still full from the deliciousness that is the Tasty Turkey. My sis used to work for Bruegger's Bagels back in the day and brought me home millions of bagels... this is how my obsession began (thanks for that Christine - probably has lead to my wheat allergy...) Anyway, the sandwich is served on an Asiago cheese bagel, I prefer the garlic one... tastes better with the chive cream cheese. Add cucumber, tomato, sprouts and of course turkey and you have yourself one tasty sammie. I only give 4 stars, 5 if my pickle wasn't always so shriveled. Also, 5 if you weren't so darn expensive. And, 5 if you were open past 4pm, some of us want to eat you for dinner!
Waiting for Arrogant Butcher to open, my patience was low, apprehension was high, and excitement was through the roof. Finally, the day has come when it was mine to try. Fox Concepts are hit and miss with me, as some of the ones I love are super cheesy (Olive and Ivy, Modern Steak, Bloom), and some that I don't love are ones that are extremely popular (Sauce, Blanco, and Zinburger.)What sets Arrogant Butcher apart from the rest is it is the first downtown Phoenix restaurant that Fox RC has put out there. I'm sure they are nervous, and you can tell that from the design of the restaurant... it's much smaller than normal like they are testing the waters, yet in other ways it excels in the money spent meter. Three beautiful private dining rooms, a chef's counter facing the exhibition kitchen which they spared no expense on, and a great four sided bar in the middle. The atmosphere is a definite throwback to the 40's and 50's, which is nice considering you can't find that in many places downtown. It's truly a feel of an old tavern and restaurant. Arrogant Butcher went out of their way to support local. Almost all of the beers on the tap as well as on the bottle list are Arizona breweries, there are pictures all over the restaurant of historic Phoenix landmarks and famous people, and they have done a great job of engaging the street with the patio and entrance. Yup, Sam Fox, the guy who is building a national empire of restaurants, brought downtown Phoenix a place that gives a nice sense of community.As for the food, all apprehensions were set aside when the bowl of mussels in wine sauce with spicy pork shoulder, roasted grape tomatoes, and french fries came to the table. The dish was outstanding and had me wishing I could drink the broth. My main course of the crab stuffed chicken, served cordon blue style, with myers lemon and capers was also a very well executed dish. It was served with sauteed spinach underneath which I ate ridiculously quick. Other items on the menu sounded great, and AB offers a list of meats and cheeses, as well as a daily special that rotates weekly, and a nice array of sandwiches and salads for lunch. The desserts are fantastic as well, especially the peanut butter cup dessert, which is not served the way you would think it is, and includes cookies for dipping. So no, this restaurant is not a locally owned, mom and pop style place, but rather it is a restaurant with a formula that is crowd pleasing, set in a location that could really use something of it's type, with the power to draw people in by the numbers. My biggest impression? on the first dinner service night, there were absolutely no hiccups in service. Our waitress, bussers, and drink people were all absolutely spot on. Keep it coming, Arrogance.
We went here after finding a coupon on groupon.com.  The service was good and friendly and the restaurant was quaint.  It definitely has the neighborhood bistro feel.  The food... not so good.  We ordered the special appetizer with shrimp, tomatoes, and garlic bread.  The garlic bread was stale.  I ordered the Chicken Toscano, which sounded yummy with with artichokes, prosciutto and Mozzarella.  It tasted like Chicken soaked in butter with ham.  The prosciutto was probably the worst quality I have ever experienced.  My boyfriend ordered Sergio's Ravioli and I would say for $14 we could have gotten Costco's frozen pasta to last us a week and it tastes much better!
I was looking for a neighborhood joint that wasn't a chain and I found one with Lux.  It's a neighborhood coffee in the truest sense. You've got all your regular characters - dude who looks like Jesus, hippie chick in her cool hippie skirt, aspiring artists (one overweight hipster even wearing a beret), couples pulling up on bicycles, old guys reading the paper. Truly local people with a sense of silent comaraderie - you just KNOW not to be yapping on your cell in there.You can feel comfortable and feel like you can disappear for a few hours.  Good, solid espresso drinks, free WiFi.  If you live in the area, you should definitely be a patron and support this local spot (as opposed to Starbucks down the street on Lola up the street).  I dig it.
If you like Pina Coladas, and getting caught in the rain ... if you're not into yoga, and you have half a brain ....  DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACEIf you are a middle aged individual who wants to hit the dance floor and show off your tired dance moves to Beyonce and Chris Brown on a Saturday night while paying $11.50 for a vodka redbull, then this is the place for you!I love Jimmy Buffet and I love the Margaritaville in Vegas, but this place somehow derailed miserably.
When it comes to higher end quality pizza and pasta in town this is up there on my list. It's mainly getting 4 stars for food quality and lack of wait time. Unlike other well known pizzerias, my wait was just about 2 minutes. Of course if I had opted to eat inside it would have been a bit longer but not by much. I chose the patio, completely shaded and equip with misters I didn't mind not being in the air conditioning. After looking at the menu for a good while, I decided to build my own pizza, choosing the wild mushrooms, locally made sausage, garlic and spinach. Just having the option to personalize your pizza is nice. The crust is done well and not soggy. I also ordered up their house salad which comes dressed (while good in hind sight I would ask for it on the side) and especially loved the garbanzo bean garnish, such tasty morsels along with several other fresh ingredients. The worst thing about The Parlor is the parking. They offer a complementary Valet but it still ends up being a mess as these guys run all over trying to move and park cars while other people are also trying to find parking, which is limited.
What shall  I tell you first?Another great strip mall non descript place hidden in an industrial area. I do have to say they did a great job making the restauarant look clean , inviting and very functional for a very small space. I definitely will be back ...love the smoky flavor of the meat, sweet and throughly washing the meat with flavor  and the sweet pink ring  that makes the meat  and you know its the real  smoky deal. they have lots of choices of sauces but it was juicy and flavorful enough that I could have eaten it without sauce. The flavors were great  all around even my daughter's waffle fries was really tasty. We loved the smoky sweet white BBQ beans. Our friends Paul and Paula ( see Paul I mentioned you ...now write your own darn review)  had brisket and a tasty smoked sausage which looked great and the bites I had were delicious.  Prices are very reasonable and the service was perfect. Look for them at local farmers markets , Friday night dinners (prime and ribs mmm)  and hopefully a bigger site s I can bring my friends.
Last night I tweeted asking for dinner recommendations in the Gilbert area.  I did get a few responses thanks to @ericeatsout and @lynnekingsmith, but we were actually pretty far out in the middle of nowhere, so we ended up finding our way to Pho Ao Sen on our way home instead.  The restaurant itself is clean and has an upscale feel to it compared to most of the other Vietnamese restaurants in town.  Service was friendly, but we found the menu a bit limited and the quality of the meat not amazing.  We started with the (#2)Goi Cuon- Spring Roll appetizer (minus the pork).  They came out quickly and were really good.  For our entrees, I had the (#7) Korean style beef short ribs and Jared went for the (#21) Pho Ga (aka Chicken Noodle Soup).  We both agreed entrees were just alright.  I also had a coconut juice beverage which I later learned came from a can.  Bottom line: Is this place "simply PHO'nomenal" as their tagline says?  Not so much... and we probably won't be rushing back anytime soon, but it was A-OK.
I am a big fan of Carly's all around. I don't usually come here for the food, although I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered. The vegan wrap was excellent as was the grilled cheese and the prices were fair. I'm confident that if I end up  here with the drunken munchies, I can at least score some damn good hummus.The beer selection is wonderful (and fitting for the Roosevelt Hood)compared to many other places in Phoenix. Happy hour is a really great deal and I'm always pleased with the $4 house wine. Sometimes a little too pleased with it as one glass turns into 3 and somehow is capped off with a shot of Jameson. Oops, done that more than once.I've done the dining side and the bar side, and I very much prefer the bar not because sitting at a table sucks (service is a touch slow), but because I really like planting myself on a stool and chatting with the staff  on slower nights- I think they're pretty cool.If this place is cool enough for Annie of St. Vincent to chill before she goes on stage at Modified (I wasn't really stalking, just gawking at her coolness), it's ok in my book. Really, this is one of my favorite places here.
I chose BLT for my birthday dinner a few weeks ago. We were given a  table with an excellent view and our server started off great. He recommended a few different cocktails and told us about the daily specials. The popovers were amazing and I loved that they gave us the recipe to them. I'm eager to try and recreate these masterpieces in my own kitchen.My oysters were fresh, the sides we chose (the asparagus and the Potato Gratin) were both were excellent. The only problem was our steaks were barely luke warm when we received them. They were cooked to our preferences, but both were almost cold. We attempted to send them back but it seemed at that point our waiter disappeared. After several minutes of trying to make eye contact with someone working we decided to just eat before the rest of our food got cold. I had great expectations for BLT, unfortunately the cold steaks and lackluster service at the end will not justify a return visit. I'm still going with 3 stars, because steaks aside everything else was great.
Gelato hits the Central corridor. Just north of Highland, underneath Landmark Towers. This is like V-J day for some of us CenPho dwellers. Sweet Venezia opened yesterday. The space is modern and clean, with wi-fi and a few flat screen TVs.I went with a friend this evening and we sampled, well... everything. Lemoncello sorbet, profiterole, mascarpone caramel pistachio (that's one flavor) -- everything tasted great and had just the right level of moderate sweetness. Sweet Venezia also has espresso drinks and assortment of pastries. We met one of the owners, Luisa, and she's quite nice. She says that the business will be open from 11AM to 10PM every day.  Welcome to the neighborhood!
Guess what? Jimmy's serves breakfast! Yes, it's true. They do! And yes, I was actually at Jimmy's early enough in the morning to witness the breakfast menu. And guess what? The breakfast is good! Imagine breakfast with an Italian twist. Imagine an omelet with pepperoni -- toast replaced with Italian bread -- a breakfast sandwich within an Italian hoagie. Do you have a good picture in your mind? Then you've got breakfast at Jimmy's. Here's a word of warning. The breakfast is huge! It's large, delicious and in charge. The omelet takes up the entire plate. The breakfast sandwich is the size of a Philly cheese steak. The breakfast parfait is in a large bowl. But, each bite is delicious. So, next time you're up early, you're in the area and you're hungry for a hearty breakfast, check out Jimmy's!
I enjoyed my visit to Vintage 95 on a Thursday night..this place is lovely and feels more like a date night with your honey.  In my opinion the restaurant is a classy and cozy addition to DT chandler. My husbster ordered burger and I ordered the grouper. We loved our entrees and I sampled the fries and they were excellent. I had a jammy, balanced red wine and Mr h had the epicenter beer. We normally don't order dessert but we decided to share a dessert...a fancy apple pie with vanilla gelato.  I don't plan on going here too often because the food is too delicious and will make me fat..I might return just for a drink and share a appetizer.  It's a litte on the pricier side but worth it if your treating yourself out.
I used a groupon for lunch at this place which was a smoking deal. And I really wanted to like it. I really did. But unfortunately the food was just not good. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap. The tortilla was very dry which made the whole thing fall apart. I had to cut it up and eat it with a fork. And if it wasn't for a few drops of buffalo sauce that I saw but couldn't taste, I probably would have sent it back thinking it wasn't what I ordered. It didn't taste like it had any sauce what-so-ever in it. I would've guessed it was a grilled chicken wrap with no sauce. And the little "salad" that came on the side was more like some leaves of lettuce with a drop of oil on them. There was no flavor at all!This place does deserve some credit for the atmosphere. The place is super cute and the service was good. All of the staff was very friendly and I really liked the feel of the place. Which made it even more upsetting the food didn't match the ambiance. But I will give this place another try. Maybe in the evening because it looks like it might be a cool place to chill and have a drink!
Another DDD try, we had to come here twice. The first time it was just to crowded. Glad we came back. I really enjoyed the daily special, which changes every day. Also enjoyed the waffles. Wife and daughter enjoyed the usual eggs and hashbrowns. Very friendly service would come again!
Food was okay.  To the staff:1) If it is happy hour let me know when I order and could have saved a little money.  2) Please refill my water while I am eating.
Remember your first? Kind of awk, there were lots of adult beverages and too many people around, maybe you were both trying a bit too hard, but then you felt elated afterward? Yeah, Geisha a Go-Go was like that. Although I was much like Cameron Diaz in my best friend's wedding (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTSBUUpoqRQ) overall I had a rad time at this karaoke bar, mostly due to the company. If I had to rate this spot on sushi alone, they'd probably get a 3, and although the fries tasted fishy, we kept eating them. Fries at a sushi bar, you ask? Yes, yes indeed. The menu was a bit overwhelming  - sometimes it's better to have fewer options rather than more - although I thought the Geisha Lips, Astroboy and Dragonball rolls were standouts. The drink menu is predictably strong and fruity, with kudos to the infused sakes, lots of bubbles options (although only one by the glass), and the Kotori Kick.Would I go back to Geisha? Well, she was my karaoke first, so she'll always hold a special place in my heart. So, yes.P.S. Do not miss a stop in the bathroom. Seriously.
I love this place...everything here is fabulous...its ice cream treats...everyone can find something to love...i know that i have...the owners oncd again have done a fabulous job...this place is crowded for a purpose...because its amazing and fun...i love it
Delux, seriously. It's well-done. The kitchen stays open until 2am and the Grilled Cheese is out of this "californian cuisine" galaxy. I had to switch from the Delux Burger because I think it stopped my heart for a few seconds in my sleep the night I decided to take it all in. I'm usually just here for the beer anyways and it's not bad with 17+ on tap.No can do on Friday/ Saturday night. The wait will be an hour. Yes, still. Shut up you CenPho/ Biltmore trendsters.... oh wait.
I went to Karey's Kitchen again, today. Things have settled down a bit since the grand opening, so I got a better feel for what an  "average day"  would actually be like. Same warm, loving greeting. I witnessed that the owners seem to be  on a first name basis with their frequent patrons/"regulars". It's very comforting to see. They even remembered ME! We tried different burritos this time around. The beef machada & chicken adoba. They were PHENOMENAL. Of course the pork adoba is STILL my favorite & even better than I remembered! The egg rolls are the perfect appetizer. Crunchy with a unique flavor & delicious dipping sauces. And we musn't forget the perfect ending to a Karey's Kitchen meal. The very mysterious "cassava cake", homemade by Puring, the family matriarch. It was still warm from the oven.... I tried to pry the "top secret" ingredients out of her once again...to no avail. It really is a little piece of heaven that makes your tastebuds DANCE!  I REALLY love this place. And the amazing people that own & operate it. I definitely wish to be one of those first name basis "regulars" I spoke of earlier. If you haven't yet gone to Karey's Kitchen...DO IT! You will be SO glad you did!
Cheap Saki-BombersGreat happy hour specialsCompetetive sushi pricesall in all a much preferred alternative to that rip off sushi chain down the street; if you're tired of that dimly lit, over inflated, always busy shite-hole down the way, please, by all means come check out their competition, i guarantee you'll be pleased if not stoked. When I'd saw that UNO's had closed I was beginning to fear for the lives of other little business's along that stretch of mill, admittedly it's been a sad state of affairs ever since Borders closed shop, but then that bright yellow sign with bold red letters that read Kanpai was emblazoned on the facade and I was sure it was a change for the better. Kanpai is stand up joint, and what they may lack in ambience they more than make up for in prices, accomodation, and taste. without a doubt "A-OK!"
This is a definite gastropub with a chic gothic rocker vibe.  The decor is a mixture of wood, velvet, and metal. I'd come here to just sit and stare in awe at the fabulous decor and details, like the huge chandeliers...but I'd easily get distracted with the enticing food and drink options on their menu.  Me and the boyfriend also came here to eat and drink while visiting a friend in Scottsdale. For appetizers we ordered the potato chips and mussels which were both good. It wasn't until we finished off the food before I realized everyone around us ordered the pretzel fondue...oops!  Next time that'll be on the to-do list!  Needless to say we filled our bellies with drinks and finished off our night with some ooey gooey apple monkey bread :)
Two stars for the effort.  I'm a huge fan of re-use and love to get off the beaten track to find a hip little joint like the Tuck Shop.  And this is true-it's hip and homey.  But some of the little design tricks of deconstructionism came across as budgetary decisions rather than being based in design.  A little bit college architecture project.But the food has to be great, too.  We ordered ceviche which was so tough and fishy, no one at the table ate it.  We ordered the waffles and chicken, which were delish, but the greens were bitter and tough.  All excusable, if everything else was great, but our waiter was clueless.  He was interrupty and sort of arrogant.  I don't know-it just felt like we weren't cool enough to be there or something.  We felt like they wanted us to hurry up and leave....To the extent that I actually looked at their hours to make sure we weren't staying past kitchen closing. I'll try it again, but not if I see that waiter working.
I was beginning to think there was no such thing as good frozen yogurt in Arizona.  I mean we had all kinds of fro yo back in San Jo!  And it was the bomb!!  But here....MoJo just does not do it for me and I have not found anything I really liked.........until now!!My daughter sighted Kokomo when we went to dinner at La Fonda.  It's just a couple of doors down so we had dessert here.  8 rotating flavors, lots of toppings, clean and modern looking.  And they have a great variety of toppings too.  Mochi, fresh fruit, carob chips, graham cracker crumbs (a personal favorite), and they have a nice glass jar full of lemon water to help yourself.  I think .38 cents an ounce is resonable.  We got two cups for just a little over 5 dollars.  Not bad at all!  The yogurt was yummy too.  Not too creamy, not icy, just right.  I had vanilla and raspberry and my daughter had vanilla and chocolate.  Ya, we tend to be traditionalists.  The young man behind the cash register was very nice and friendly.  He gave us a punch card and it's close to our house so I can see when the weather is 115 outside, we will be coming here to cool off!Thanks Kokomo!!
I kept hearing about this place from my buddy's GF and so we decided on a day trip to check this place out...Being from Atlanta, it was nice to walk into a place all things reefer and not feel too completely weirded out by it (it's not like we are in Amsterdam, were still stateside!).  The place is kind of narrow- the food prep on the left, seating on the right.  The counter has a huge menu posted, which I would suggest doing some research beforehand- or else you will have a stupified face (like myself) when its time to order.  I told them I was from Atl, and they were most accomodating.  They also have some nice baked goods at the counter too (I snagged a rice krispy for a snack).I didn't live too dangerously- I got the Hawaiian sub and kept it just meat, cheese, and pineapple.  The lady making the sandwich insisted it was too boring so I told her to throw a suprise ingredient in there- I am pretty sure it was oregano ;).  The bread was great, and the flavors were good as well.  There was a drink machine that had Hawaiian Punch too but I forgot it it was pepsi or coke products (i was in a haze... oops).If reefer culture doesn't offend (it's not like you are walking into Bob Marley's living room and getting a contact high) you and you want a filling toasted sub, then this place is worth a shot!Now if they can only open one up on the East Coast :)
Excited to try the new DD I arrive and see a line out the door. Good sign I think.. As I wait in line for 12 minutes I come to realize it is not the fact that so many are here for the new revamped DD.. It is because of the kid working behind the register.. I finally get my turn and here goes:Me - I'll take the # 5 with an ice coffeeDD - Uhh I don't know if I can do that, it won't let me put ice in the register machineMe- Ok well can you ring it in as normal but make it iced instead of hot?DD - I guess but I could get in trouble((Thoughts - From who the DD ice fairly? Gimme a break!))Me - I won't tellDD - We are out of the egg white scramble..Me - Ok then #1 with an ice coffeeRepeat conversation above. NO JOKE.The sausage muffin thing was gross, the amount of sugar they added to my coffee immediately began to rot my teeth. Will not be going back.
This was my second visit to Blue Adobe, and I won't be back. The first visit was for a family birthday dinner, about 10 people, and they had trouble coordinating our tables, goofed up our orders, and generally didn't seem to care about us much at all. But the food was tasty (once they got it right) so I thought I'd try again with the EVFN group.Two of the staff seemed trying to help, but everyone else either ignored us or seemed inconvenienced by all of us ordering dinner and drinks. What a mess.Now I know the service problem wasn't a fluke. It seems to be a restaurant living on a very good cook's skills in the kitchen, and those skills are the only reason it isn't getting a single star. For good New Mexican style food, I'd suggest Los Dos Molinos not too far away.
My dining partner and I ended up here for lunch because our original destination was closed. After ordering, we dove into the unlimited free peanuts.. so far so good. However, once we got into the burger and fries, our experience began to go downhill. Maybe it's unfair, but I compare every burger I eat to In-N-Out. This cheeseburger just didn't measure up. It wasn't bad, but not great either. We also shared an order of the Cajun fries, which weren't anything special. The worst was right after we finished eating. My dining partner and I both had the feeling you get when you eat junk food that didn't even satisfy you, but instead leaves you feeling crappy.  Another thing- I spent $5 for a cup of water and a small cheeseburger. I could get a cheeseburger, fries and a small drink at In-N-Out for the same price. Needless to say, I will not be returning to Five Guys.
had this bookmarked for the longest time,  and finally made it to the parlor for lunch on friday.  the patio was full so we dined indoors. I ordered the margherita pizza and a small parlor insalata. i misread the menu and did not notice the salad had salami, which I do not like and I picked around it.  i probably should of sent it back but I was way too full to eat anymore salad since the pizza come out shortly after the salad. i don't get all the hype around the pizza here, I did like fresh mozzarella and tomatoes and basil on my pizza, but I was not overly impressed.  it is a nice space and the patio looks cozy and I liked that the tables are recycled from a restaurant that closed down in the area.  sorry it was just ok in my opinion.
Didn't think I've ever review a Subway, now did ya?  I don't crave Subway very often, but when I do, this is where I go and get exactly the same thing every time - footlong spicy italian on honey oat w/pepper jack, toasted, spinach, tomatoes, extra jalapenos, easy mayo, s&p, oil & vinegar.  EVERY TIME.  If you're considering Subway in this neighborhood and forced to choose between this one and the one on 46th St / Thomas, come here.  The other Subway is disgusting, dirty and the employees are always in back, talking on their cell phones, and generally don't seem to give two shits that they're employed; generally they do it all simultaneously, which is impressive.  Just don't come here if you hate the Broncos (dude always wears a Broncos cap) or can't stand really screwed up parking lots.  They're located in one of the most convoluted parking lots I can think of (Tempe Marketplace, notwithstanding).  Five dollar, five dollar, five dollar footlong...(actually $5.42 w/tax).
This is the Irish bar in its purest form. Plenty of dart boards line the walls and pitchers float around by the dozen. There are a few long drinking hall style tables which are always entertaining for big groups. The service staff is no-nonsense, but good. The crowd is my favorite aspect at the Dubliner. None of the typical Scottsdale attitudes and cheeziness will be found here . . . and if it is, it won't stay long. Good live music takes it up a notch and puts it into the top five of my favorite bars in town.
Jade Palace on Pinnacle Peak in North Scottsdale was my "go-to" Chinese place for years... so when I moved to Old Town, I felt a bit lost and haven't been able to find consistent Chinese nearby ever since.  I've recently found a few options in Phoenix, but after a recent take-out experience with friends and last night's meal dining in at this JP location, I think I may become a regular!We met my parents for dinner here, and everyone was pleased with the meal.  Service was spot-on, atmosphere was fine, drinks were cold and refilled often (the beers even came with chilled glasses), and most important, the food was fabulous!I took charge of the food order for our party of four but allowed everyone to chime in of course.  Here's what we had:Appetizers: *1 large order New York Egg Rolls (2 total egg rolls but we had them cut in half so each of us had a half... delicious!)*1 large order BBQ Spare Ribs (8 per order)Entrees:*Lo Mein Noodles with Shrimp and (extra) Broccoli*Dry Sauteed String Beans (1 small order)*House Specialty #9 (Kung Pao Three Delicacies) - Sea Scallops, Jumbo Prawns, and sliced Flank Steak in Kung Pao Sauce*Mu Shu Chicken Of course, this was all served with plenty of white rice as well.We ate almost everything, and the only negative I can say is that unfortunately, we didn't have leftovers to take home!  Another perk for this location? Sweet Republic is in the same shopping center, so if you save room, head over there for dessert!
THE VEGETARIAN ANGLE:Dinner for four at 6:30pm on a First Friday could have been trouble, but there was no waiting, no rushed service, and no diminished quality from the kitchen.We were seated in the corner bench area in what I'd call a "studio restaurant" -- 12 or so seats, 5 bar stools, and in-your-face adjacent, bustling kitchen made for a lively and somehow uncramped 2-hour meal.Chef Osburn's menu had us perplexed by the varied and extensive offerings coming out of that tiny kitchen.  We spent 15 minutes discussing the menu and sipping APP: The white bean trio finds a way to present cannellini in three distinguished ways, but the puree with truffle oil lingers after the plate is taken away and breaks the three-way tie. The bread is deceivingly ordinarily looking, has a dusting of seasoning and absorbs olive oil very well.  [memorable ingredient: TRUFFLE OIL]SALAD: With Mom I shared the grape, apple, arugula salad that's served with blood oranges, smoked paprika cashews, and the most appropriately light application of blue cheese dressing I've ever had.  The oranges gushed, the apples snapped and crunched, the cashews were not overly smoked, and the arugula was crisp, not limp.  [memorable ingredient: perfectly purple BLOOD ORANGE fillets]MAIN: The gnocchi with season vegetables (artichokes, butternut squash, shitake mushrooms, leeks) reminded me that the fare at Centurion is decidedly French-Italian.  The sherry reduction with a touch of cream draws a sweetness across the top of rich squash, nutty mushrooms, and lemony artichokes...very lemony.  The gnocchi themselves were plump with a satisfying tooth-feel without being mushy or gummy or too potato-forward.  The dish -- like the others -- came out piping out, and with any pasta+cream dish, was best in the first 5-10 minutes.  [memorable ingredient: SHERRY]DESSERT: The table shared two: the espresso cup and the flourless chocolate cake.  The centerpiece item of the first was a dark chocolate demitasse cup -- yes, an espresso cup made from chocolate -- filled with an espresso mousse and toped with molten caramel.  The dense chocolate cup was a fun transport for the airy mousse.  (Idea: A graham cracker baked lid might have made this an interesting s'mores update.)  The flourless cake was also dense but not brick-dense, and the accompanying berry and apple-lemon purees made each bite a bit different. [memorable ingredient: APPLE-LEMON puree]SERVICE: During dinner the delightful server showed acumen in food knowledge and was attentive to everything from water to wine to cutlery to change for the parking meter.  When we arrived, the restaurant was serving about five guests.  When we left Centurion's small dining area and front patio were full.A strong meal for sure. I'll be back to try Sunday brunch soon.
Always have to drop a note about Paradise Bakery - simply one of my ALL TIME FAV. places to go.  If you have never tried, then you must go.  I love everything they have.  soups, salads, sandwiches, COOKIES .... YUMTook some pics this time, and it was packed ... even at off lunch hours!  Crazy!
I loved this place.I usually judge mexican on the staples :rice, chips & salsa and drinks. All of the above rocked. Not only that, but they serve spicy beans to dip your chips in. DELISH! We were seated promptly and with a smile! The waitress was also attentive (making sure our glasses were full) yet not overbearing! I had the tacos i could barely finish one but thats because I ate EVERYTHING! :)A great place for a nice hot meal and a place to converse with your company.
I drove 50 miles to check this place out and had a hard time finding it!It's definitely not your typical frozen yogurt bar.I tried a few of the flavors as well as the vanilla custard.The best (and only reason I would come here) is the Twangy Tart!It's sour just like plain yogurt but with a hint of sweetness to cut the bite and a refreshing icy texture. It's insanely Delicious on it's own or paired with some fresh fruit.They have a beautiful assortment of Fresh Fruit toppings but I felt their other toppings were lacking.I decided on the Twangy Tart with strawberries (see picture)I'm giving 5 stars  based on the unique plain yogurt flavor "Twangy Tart" and their Beautiful "Fresh Fruit" selection, I wish they were closer to me.ETA: My SloganOnce you try the Twang you'll be like Daaaaaang! And Nothing else will ever be the same!
02.06.10First Guy Fieri stop of the trip.  I was uber excited.The sign that says "immediate seating available" was lit.  I got more excited.  Then we got to the front and there's a 20 minute wait.  Fail.We finally sat down and ordered rather quickly.  I was very impressed by the waitress' memorization abilities.  Four girls, four different orders, no screw ups!Skip the over easy iced coffee [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=DRcQS3U0pmtHcqY6Zc89sA] unless you want to throw money down the drain.  I was pretty sold on the condensed milk, which I tasted none of.The over easy [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=0MzUIc2RG7fhoSWUZWsQsg] was pretty amazing.  Toasted brioche with sauteed spinach, fried egg, natural jus with bacon and scallions.  I love it when the egg yolk runs all over the plate and flavors the rest.Brioche french toast with powdered sugar [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=pTqJm4xH8-P3jMHjSs0YTQ].  Nothing out of the park spectacular, but a decent piece of bread.Skip the peanut butter and jelly french toast [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=B9ZFxdlGAxglX8F_bisMEw].  They actually ran out when we were there, and this was their last one.  It counts as a half order, but Marti L. got it for free.  Cholla!The omelets [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=3tlYcgH0q81PXep-GPUpvg] are not for the faint of heart.  These are huge, and comes with a heaping side of tater tots [insert Napoleon Dynomite joke here].Decent prices, good service, but food is hit or miss.
While the Tempe Pita Jungle will always be my favorite, I can't help but appreciate the different atmosphere of its sister location in Chandler. The restaurant is large AND offers a bar. During the day, it attracts more of a family atmosphere along with young professionals on their lunch break.  It's more of a hot date spot at night. It does overlook a lake, which makes it a bit romantical.You'll find all the usual suspects on the menu. Be sure to try the Roasted Pepper Hummus, the Pesto Pizza or the Pita Pizza for some deliciousness.BIG NEWS: There's a new Pita Jungle opening in Mesa, across from Mesa Community College, in December.
How people can love this restaurant is beyond me. I've been to multiple locations and they were all disappointing. The only reason it gets two stars instead of one is because I thought their breakfast was OK.Every time I go here I am unimpressed. My food comes out cold, overcooked and overall very bland. The only good thing are the biscuits you get to munch on beforehand. Even the cornbread tastes bland. I didn't think that was possible!Boring and bland. I'd rather spend my money on The Waffle House.
Since Mr. K's excellent review, Underwraps has made a few changes. (Hey! Maybe they read your review?) You can now order salads (five types from Asian or Greek to Caesar or Cobb) and the sides to chose from include potato chips (which ROCK and are made in-house), potato salad or pasta salad (they scratched the fries). The grilled vegetable wrap IS tasty: kalamata olives, grilled squash, roasted green peppers, red onion, lemon vinaigrette, but I also really like to do the scrambled egg (crispy bacon, caramelized onion, tomato and melted provolone cheese). They even make it egg whites only for me!I do think a lot of their business is catering... and they've got some good offers. You can serve 11-14 people assorted wraps for just $50! This place is close to where I work and it's not generally too crowded, so it's easy enough to get in and out. I'm gonna round up and give it four stars for taste and convenience!
I enjoy the juicy, succulent taste of murder, but I've also got friends that would skin me if I took them to a steak house. To avoid compromising the values of my veggie friends by forcing them to make me man meat, it's always best to choose a place with plenty of greens on the menu. Pita Jungle is the perfect harmony between flesh renders and herbivores. And it doesn't just have the "hold the chicken" type vegg friendly option on the menu, it's got lentils and shit.Now, since we've already established that I live under rocks, you can just go ahead and assume I've never been to Pita Jungle. What can I say, the grub hunting was good. But after my first visit you can bet your skinny little vegan ass I'll be noshing right next to you on a regular basis. The restaurant has apparently expanded twice since it's been open and it was still hoppin' last night, with an open, airy feel and interesting artwork decorating the walls. We hovered over the seating section booth thingy and were told to go ahead and steal any open seat we liked. Some may find this annoying and unorganized, but I really like it when they let me do that part of their job for them, so we snagged a table for two right next to the window so I could watch some dog TV, which was showing a tig old biddy sorority girl special based on the number of perky young freshman coming and going in the parking lot. (Side note: Big old windows are like big screen dog TVs because dogs don't watch human TV, they keep track of the cats trotting through their territory and bark at the mailman and monitor the comings and goings of the neighborhood through windows. At least in my experience. I'll be sitting there glued to the tube and the dogs will be sitting there glued to the window. End tangent. Thanks for your patience.)Others have complained about the poor service at this location, but surprise (sarcasm) Mr. Man ends up knowing the waiter assigned to our section, so we were promptly rewarded with menus and drinks. Not that I would have even noticed the wait since I was agape, trying to take in everything offered on a menu that just wouldn't quit. Eventually I grabbed hold of my indecision and narrowed it down to three options, the black bean burger, the lavosh shawarma wrap, or the Caribbean salad. We agreed that not having hummus simply wasn't an option so I went with the shawarma so I could pep it up with some left over hummus, and I really dig lavosh because it reminds me of saltines, which I don't really like that much, but are scrumptious in flatbread form. Mr. Man decided upon the grilled vegetable salad, because if you've ever met him, he really needs to watch his boyish figure (again, sarcasm).We ordered an extra pita for the hummus, which was overkill and we didn't even end up touching it because the "small hummus" ended up being freakin' huge and the pita was sized to match. It was smooth and creamy, and garnished with two of my favorite vegetables (or whatever an olive technically is), cucumbers and kalamata olives! My one gripe about the entire meal was that my chicken was overly dry and a smidgen bland, but the hummus more than made up for that lack in flavor. The side Greek salad that came with my wrap was also stupendous, with a hefty amount of feta and a delicious, light vinaigrette to counter that richness. Mr. Man's grilled vegetable salad was also very well done, with crisp veggies, lots of garlic and an awesome dressing. And this delish bounty of fresh, healthy food came to 20 bucks between the two of us and left us with enough leftovers for lunch tomorrow. I'll definitely be coming here again, and frequently, so I can get my daily dose of granola crunching hippies, sorority sisters, cooler than thou hipsters and SUV driving yuppies with their childrens all in one place. Unheard of!
The barista warned me as I ordered that I was about to start an addiction. Two lattes and a hot green tea later, I am realizing the gravity of his premonition.Cartel Coffee Lab has to be one of the coolest spots in Tempe. It is appropriately named as a place that would foster an addiction, and addicted I now am. It has the definite feel of an old warehouse. It is dimly lit, has high, exposed rafters and cooling vents, a concrete floor, and a usable garage door at the back. The layout is great, with a bar, several couches, and a good number of tables fully wired with plugs for the mac or pc-wielding crowd. It's a funky place, very urban; the main room is separated by an art installation made of bike tire rims. Cartel seems to attract a hugely eclectic group of patrons, from unbathed hipsters to ASU students to very cool coffee snobs. I sat next to the most interesting man, definitely a regular, and learned that he owns the old flour mill on Mill Ave! He also shared the most delicious almond cookie with me, baked by his father. Very cool. Yes, the coffee. The coffee and espresso are fantastic. People complain that the service is slow, but calmatevi amici, they are making the valley's best coffee, to order, and that takes time! Their beans are direct trade, roasted in house. Try the espresso - it's perfect. Regular coffee fan? They use the Clover, a single serve machine that makes every cup special, just for you. They will alternatively use this awesome manual system with paper filters to drip your coffee nice and slow. I like that they make you commit - large or small - and they keep their menu very simple, so you'll need to get your vanilla lattes elsewhere.  Their default milk is whole (so good), from a local organic farm - and so remember to ask for skim if you are watching that waistline. The baristas are super cool and friendly, and gave me a great welcome. Cartel is my new favorite caffeine haven. Thank you friend of a friend for the recommendation - I am a convert, and have definitely found my Tempe fix for a great, independent coffee house. I may have a hard time going anywhere else! (Don't worry Lux, you're still my first love, I promise.)
Why can't I give Carolina's SIX stars? I L-O-V-E this place and, if I could come to terms with being 500+ lbs and seriously reducing my life span, I would eat here twice a day. The Number 3 is where I go every time....taco, enchilada, AND tostada.....plus one of their amazing parachute-sized tortillas to compliment the meal. Their salsa is addicting, as well, and I go through a minimum of 6 small cups per meal. Another thing I love about Carolina's is that they haven't sold their soul to the soft drink corporate incentive gods....i.e. they have BOTH Coke and Pepsi products (as well as some exciting punches!).....way to give your patrons what they want! Lastly, if you ever want to cheer yourself up or just throw an impromptu party at your cubicle, go to their main website ( www.carolinasmex.com ) and let the sweet music brighten your day. I dare you not to smile!
Disgusting is the only word I can think of for this food.  Perfectly square orange colored deep fried fish that makes McDonalds fish filets seems like a gourmet meal!  The only thing resembling shrimp was the fact that they formed the fried "shrimp" into the proper shape.  After taking one bite of fish and one of shrimp I thought at least I have the french fries to eat.  They were nasty too!  I wasn't expecting anything fancy by any means, I came her because I wanted greasy fried fish and shrimp and the only part of that I got was grease.  I just don't understand the love for this place.
OMG!!  Nursing Home Food Alert***So bland I am not going to send this review to any friends on Yelp or anywhere.With all these decent reviews I wonder if I am reviewing the same or right place as say Arlin or Eli??  Went here before Costco, because he all know what happens when you go to Costco hungry right?I also wanted to get some sliced sourdough bread for dinner which I did.OK, this food had no taste.  Bland, boring, cheap ingredients.  No spices, no fresh spices, soup tasted like something from a can or mix.  The soup was a starchy mess.Had the half and half dreadful special.Half chicken salad, very dry and very skimpy on the chicken salad. Comparing that to Paradise chicken salad, I would give Not so Wildflower a 1/10 and Paradise a 9/10.  Both in terms of quality and quantity.  It was also seriously flavorless.I always wondered why people in nursing homes suffered from so much depression, and I think it has something to do with the starchy, bland, boring food they serve people in those places.My wife had the BLT the chicken dumpling soup.  Again, bland, sloppily put together and tasteless.Seriously people 5 stars for this crap??  Really??Skip this dump and go to Paradise where they at least flavor their food and make the salads in front of you.The staff looked miserable here too. Crappy, the water tasted like chemicals and added lemon which gave it a lemony chemical taste.  Not good.  Tried to spice soup up a bit with pepper as they don't have hot sauce in bottles like PARADISE.One star for not making me ill and one star for the sliced loaf of sourdough.Won't be back, yuck.Ps something seriously changed in the quality in the 2 years since I was last there?Update: 1/28/2012Lous the owner has responded and I wish I knew how to post our back and forth but don't know how to do it yet.  Either way, I am very impressed with his taking my concerns seriously and have bumped up to 3 stars for his great responses and his donation of my refund (I didn't want one really) to a no kill animal shelter.  I admire a business owner that takes customers seriously.  Great job Louis and thank you!!
i had heard this place is just a little bit famous...and consequently attracts herds of people and long waits (no surprisingly). but with time to kill before my flight home, 2:30 on a monday seemed like a safe bet to dine without the crowds they are known for. Success! the place was virtually empty.there is something magical about pizza cooked in a wood fire oven - it really has the best taste.  obviously that great taste stems from the organic ingredients and homemade mozzarella though! and on top of the wonderfully charred outer crust, it comes out in mere minutes. happiness for the A.D.D in us all :)you can never go wrong with margarita, but for something a bit more unique we decided to get the biancoverde - ricatto cheese on pizza is always a good thing, and the arugula piled on top only added to the deliciousness. It's traditionally served without sauce (server warned when we ordered, which was nice since we didnt realize), but they will add sauce to it if you like. im sure its great as its intended but i enjoyed it with sauce.we split between 3 of us for 2 slices each. decent for a small meal (since the crust is really thin). saw several people ordering a whole pie for themselves but i think splitting between 2 people is perfect to finish completely and be satisfied.i was kickin myself we didnt order the caprese salad that comes with their fresh baguettes sliced along with it. so bright, so fresh and delicious-looking.the chocolate shaved ice was a nice ending...light and airy.i loved the building, part of the historic buildings in Heritage Square of downtown phoenix. The little garden boxes out front and around the corner are charming.Free valet parking for customers.
At first glance curbside  it is aesthetically pleasing and  as you make your way inside the beautiful people greet you and escort you to your table .I suggest sitting  outside on the courtyard style patio, even in broad daylight this is a sexy place with it's large brick fireplace and for  intimate seating try and snag a  corner booth .The waitstaff is nothing  short of fabulous. You can see they take pride in doing their job well. They will carefully explain what you are about to experience  while your hands and eyes travel over the heavy soft leather covered delicate pages of the menu ,and offer suggestions .The Mission is a Spanish- French fusion style eatery The chef was trained in French Cuisine and he has melded that training carefully into the Spanish style dishes .I had the Brisket Torta ( actually i think it had me )thinly sliced  tender beef that literally melted on my tongue that was lightly drenched in a mild yet flavorful BBq type sauce that sat atop coleslaw that added a cool crispness to the hot soft beef. this Torta was texturally stimulating and the Aji Amarillo gave my taste buds a subtle barely there sting ,nothing within the soft bun competed for flavor it was harmonious ..A Fait Accompli .The presentation was lovely ,The made before your eyes tableside Guacamole is " wonderful " and prepared with care and to your liking .The taco trio is also delicious here .And they make strong drinks as well .The food is not to be rushed as something so well executed needs to be savored ......felt .Mission accomplished ...every time !5 stars for the stars in my eyes ....that continue to shine -visit after visit .
I will still quietly continue my love affair with Petite Maison, but I must knock one star off based on my last meal there.  I went for Sunday Brunch.  Service was impeccable, I loved our server.  My Eggs Benedict with boudin blanc couldn't have been more delicious (boudin blanc is "white sausage" made without the blood of the pig, using milk & eggs instead, very balanced and full of flavor).  The quiche was classically ideal- flakey, buttery crust and custardy goodness filled with salty lardons.  My issues were:1. The nutella sauce for the beignets had been cut with too much of something that tasted identical to hershey's syrup.  While I understand that nutella is a too thick for dipping on its own, whatever they used to thin it out masked that delicious hazelnut flavor.2. My smoked salmon starter lacked flavor and pizzaz.  It was just not the quality of fish a 5-star restaurant should be presenting.3. Who can really complain about unlimited mimosas?  Well, I can when the brand being served is André.  I know it's unlimited and all, but I would prefer to be charged a few extra Washington's and have something slightly higher on the scale.   Annnnnddddrééééééé for goodness sakes!  Petite Maison: I still love you but if you need a bit better sparkling wine on the cheap try Domaine St. Michelle for about $10/bottle.
Staff is great. Everyone knows what to do and when to do it. I had the corned beef on a hoagie roll toasted with Swiss and 1000 dressing. The meat was shaved like a porn star and had good flavor. The roll was fresh and tasty but not toasted enough. The Swiss was plentiful and not melted at all. Overall the sandwich was a 3.85. Nothing screams 5 stars yet.
We ate lunch here yesterday.  This location was filthy!  Food spilled all over the counter and on the floor.  It was hard not to step in it!  I had to ask if they had more chicken & pork (both of which were nearly empty and hadn't been refilled).  When we were seated the table in our booth was not wiped off and was sticky!  Gross!  We had to ask for water 3 times! Even though we saw at least 3 employees just standing around doing nothing!  C'mon people it's 112 degrees outside!! We're thirsty!!  The service was terrible and the whole dining experience at this location left a bad taste in our mouths!  We will not be back!!!!We have been to another location near P.V. Mall.  That location is always clean and service is very good.  If you like Genghis Grill Stir Fry...head over to that location!!!
After reading high reviews from friends Daren C., Iain B., & Brian S., it seemed time to give Bobby Q a try.  Mike C. joined me, & we ordered a couple of different meals at dinnertime to split up & try a number of items that are mentioned in the many reviews posted here.First off, this place has tons of character, inside & out.  I found it to be very comfortable & fun, right off the bat.Soon after getting settled in, a basket of cornbread, along with soft, whipped butter, landed on the table, & it was incredibly good!  One bite & my rating of the place soared from "Start" to 4-Stars!  At Daren C's recommendation, a Smokehouse Burger was ordered, along with shoestring potatoes, & Amanda K's review called for an order for the Smoked Link Sausage platter, & macaroni & cheese, & beans were the side dishes picked to go along with that.The burger & the macaroni & cheese both qualified as candidates for the best I've ever had of each... just amazingly good!!  Everything else was excellent too, & at the end a little bag containing a couple of tasty mini donuts arrived, adding to the fun of it all.  The service was friendly & attentive too.  This is a great restaurant!!Meal prices are reasonable for this kind of place, at about $10-25 per person, & the special running on this day was a big feast for two, for $30.  See you there soon!===========================7/29/11 Mini-Update:  Have been here more recently & it's still great!
So after coming here for the first time the other day, I'm thinking about starting a monthly "Golden Girls" fan club meeting and having here at Pugzies, anyone want in?    Wow, they have tried to keep this place unique with the entire building pained in the brightest teal blue you have ever see. The floral patterns throughout the place just want to make you run out and buy some Velcro walking shoes!Anyways, the food is great. A half sandwich is more than enough, I don't know any people that could eat an entire sandwich in one sitting.Plenty of sides to choose from, pasta salads and the like.  Several soup options with a few daily specials.This place is open at 10am (my lunch time) so I'll be here about one a week from now on.  Why have I never been here before?
I love to grocery shop. It's one of my favorite things. Even with a list, a trip to the grocery store takes me at least an hour because I am compelled to go up and down every aisle to see what new discoveries might be made. Therefore, you might think this would be a 5-star store for me. But it's not. It's too much. Even for me. What's worse, going up and down every aisle is nearly impossible because the aisles go in every which direction. Will I be back? Probably. Is this a shopper's panacea? Not for me.
This restaurant seems to have a split personality.  When they are good, they are very, very good.  Friendly service and well-prepared breakfasts (the Eggs Benedict and the Breakfast Fried Chicken were two favorites).  However, after nearly half of the times I have visited, I asked myself why I keep coming back.  Perhaps, like some sort of dysfunctional relationship, I only want to think of the 'good times' and hope that the rest gets better?  The Eggs Benedict is a hit or miss - I never know if my dish will show up with cold, rock hard yolks and practically raw hash browns.  The Breakfast Fried Chicken (served with eggs as well as a choice of toast or pancakes) is a good choice, but recently, the portion size has decreased while the price was raised (yes, we noticed the smaller plate).  Service is consistently inconsistent - it can either be attentive, or nonexistent.Yes, the place gets busy, but that isn't an excuse for a 45+ minute wait for food (while being completely ignored, without even a water refill).  It also isn't an excuse to cram tables so close together that on one occasion we were placed directly in the path of the traffic to/from the kitchen, with trays continually being hoisted over our heads.  Being busy doesn't mean that you can set tables with filthy (dried food caked on) silverware and then be surprised when I ask for another place setting.I think it is time to accept that our relationship just doesn't work, and move on.
went for breakfast and and although the selection was a bit limited, the food was great.  i had the cajun breakfast burrito and french toast; of which both were amazing.  service was friendly, and loved the atmosphere.  i have yet to try lunch or dinner so cant give 5 stars just yet.  too bad they are not open for sunday brunch....they might just give Local Breeze some competition if they did.
Bluburger Grille, it's really blue inside and out. I am a fan of this establishment because their ingredients are fresh and delicious. I chose the option to build my own burger and I was completely satisfied with my creation. I chose to create a portobello mushroom burger which I had never had before but I thoroughly enjoyed. They also serve sweet potato fries which is an extra bonus.
The Handlebar and Grill is my most favorite place to go on Mill Ave in Tempe.I have been here on a busy Friday and Saturday night and I have been here on a laid back, slow Wednesday night. Every time I go I am never disappointed There's great music (usually acoustic, never house music, and often no lyrics but still upbeat), great atmosphere (lofted ceilings and wooden benches make the place so much more open and the lighting by mason jar candles is awesome), and good looking guys (seriously every time I go there's plenty of eye candy.What I love most about Handlebar is how laid back and refined it is compared to places like Que or Canteen. Handlebar knows it's not a club and it's ok with that. THe open air patio and bar area make it intimate enough that you could still go here on a Friday night after a date for drinks or a Friday night with friends to rage.The drinks are a tad pricey, but they're great. I have only had one item on the menu that was the pretzels. For $6 you get 3 huge stick pretzels with beer cheese and spicey honey mustard dipping sauce. More than enough for one person, these treats are amazing. Really doughy, soft pretzels and the beer cheese tastes like it was just poured out of the can. Ugh, so good.I don't have to say whether I'm coming back here or not because I am.
I'm willing to overlook all of the Phish memorabilia on the wall because they probably feel obligated to follow through on the whole Vermont stereotype. But these sandwiches aren't just sandwiches.  They are something that transcends the whole sandwich genre.I plan on putting on an old pair of Birkenstock's, mellowing out, and spending some serious time working my way up and down this menu.
Holy overpriced!  With everyone all abuzz about this place opening up in AZ, I figured we would have to give it a try sometime.  Well, we were out and about in the EV this weekend and figured now was as good as ever.  Things did not start off well.  First, the music was so LOUD!  Some poor old lady walked in and covered her ears the second the door opened.  I also hated the peanut shells.  It was stupid, poorly executed and had no business being in a fast food burger joint.  Steakhouse or BBQ place, maybe, but not here.  Apparently the ordering system is difficult because it took the 6 or so people in front of us forever to order, but for us smart folk, it takes about 30 seconds.Now to the food.  It costs 4.89 for a single patty bacon cheeseburger.  I can get a Baconator combo at Wendy's for that price.  That's just the burger here, so for an extra 2.59 I can get frys (a generous portion at least) and another couple bucks gets me a drink.  I'm practically pushing a 10 dollar combo here!  This is fast food right?  I couldn't help but compare it to In'N'Out and this place was failing miserably!  Our food came out in roughly 5-8 minutes and we went outside to eat because the music was unbearably loud.  The frys were decent, nothing to special and I found the cajun fries to be very dry feeling in my mouth.  The burger was such a disappointment.  It was small and very smashed when I opened it.  The meat was very well done, and not juicy like they said it should be.  The bacon was decent and the cheese was well, cheese.  Overall, a pretty lame burger, especially for nearly 5 bucks!Obviously, I was disappointed.  I know 5 bucks for a burger isn't a lot, but for fast food, it really is.  It's a shame that our President hasn't had the joy of experiencing decent burgers, because this place is not good.  This place is definitely a fail for me, but at least my food was edible.
Z's Greek is a solid 4 to 5 stars every time I visit this little place just around the corner of 40th and Indian School.  Don't let the exterior of this place deter you from stopping by.  Z's Greek looks sort of "a dive" from the curb and they desperately in need to repave their parking lot which is littered with pot holes. BUT, and I mean a big BUT, the inside is very clean and welcoming.  They have a fairly large menu of Greek selections to choose from.  I tend to order the same thing ~ Gyro with a side Greek salad in lieu of fries and drink for $7.95.  On this visit I added a side of hummus and pita chips.  This Gyro was packed full with meat, tomatoes, red onions and thee perfect amount of tzatziki sauce.  (see pic)  The pita was tender and warm which made this Gyro full of flavor.  The Greek salad comes with a mound of feta cheese on top of a great balance of lettuce, veggies and dressing.  I would highly recommend their salad over fries any day when ordering a combo.  The hummus was very tasty ~ smooth and fresh.You can order anything to your liking if you don't see something on their menu you are familiar with.  The Z's Greek Crazy Fries and Souvlaki's are also very good. Z's Greek is a great place for lunch or dinner when you're craving Grecian cuisine.  Just look out for the pot holes when you park : -)  You won't be disappointed and glad you tried Z's Greek!!
I used to live in Sacramento and would come home to visit family in Tempe.  At the time this was the only "chinese" restaurant (1990's).  My family would drag me here and I would be aghast at the small portions and steep prices (chow mein for $8-10?) and the portions were about 2/3rds the size of what I would get for $6.  Ignorance is bliss and when there's no competition, they can do this kind of stuff.Thankfully, there about 10 chinese restaurants within a 5 mile radius of this place and no one I know even comes near this place.So if it's high prices and diet-sized portions you're looking for, then have at it.What cracks me up is that the top 5 restaurants (according to many of the local chinese) are either not even on yelp or have only a few reviews.The best "yelpers" are the word-of-mouthers.  if it's good it spreads throughout the chinese community like wild fire.  And if it's bad, it spreads faster than a ladies sewing club....(i made that one up)I would recommend these places if you want the real deal (in no particular order)1) Asian Cafe Express2) New Hong Kong3) Tao Garden4) Asian Hong Kong Diner5) Great Wall6) China Kingjust ask the locals who grew up here
Ugh!  I thought maybe I should try this place again before I slam it on Yelp, but after reading some of the other one- and two-star reviews, I realize I'm not nuts.  And there is no way I'm going to wait for hours to give this place another chance.  If you want to wait in line for two hours and then receive a cup of grease along with your hash browns and eggs, then Matt's is the place for you.  Disgusting!  Not to mention the bathroom is next door in a hotel room.
EDGY MEXICAN CON SAVOR. Chicharron of grilled cheese, "green" rice, Grilled Chicken, Sangria. Cock a doodle DOO! White Rooster is a jewel. --revamped spot has finally found the right groove. Sealed concrete and faux Herman Miller with unique modern touches. --"chicharron" of grilled cheese is a must have. No flaky pig skin here, and you'll want to order another on righ away. --fresh ingredients throughout, down to the authentic flavorings of the real Mexican queso fresco atop the beans. --asado of the chicken asado preserves delightful juicyness of the meat troughout each delectable crispy bite--"green" rice topped with wonderful limed greens--New York steak was not filet mignon, but hard to find fault with the flavor packed in those grilled veggies. --cheeseburger fresh and greasy good covered with more of that delicious cheese mix--banana crepes were simple and elegant dolloped with creme fresh--fresh fruit is more of the garnish from the  sangria cocktails. How'd he know I wanted more of exactly that?!--menu somewhat small, but that kitchen is tiny. Quality over quantity any day. --exposed surfaces make for a noisy atmosphere, not the quiet candlelight spot--server Daniel is always on top of it--chef often visits the dining room making sure every chair and every fork is in placeI can't wait to go back.
I LOVE this Fry's!!  Why can't the Fry's at the corner where I live be just like this one??  Why can't it also have a:-bulk section where I can buy chocolate-covered ginger and coffee beans, and glazed pecans?  (Granted, the prices of these items are SIGNIFICANTLY higher than the prices at Whole Foods.  Yeah, bet you didn't see that one coming!)-a lounging area complete with leather couches, a wide-screened TV, and an attached dining area with nice-looking dining furniture and hutches?  Even the gourmet deli, cheese, and bakery sections are "jazzier" than the one at my corner of the world!Now if you'll excuse me as I'm going to have to visit my Fry's customer service to fill out some request forms...
Like the original Vig in "Arcadia Baja", this newest location is one of my fave, elegant, mature, yet fun places to hang, nosh, nibble and imbibe.  The parking's just as bad (except I like the valets at this location), so you really don't have to worry about it.  Just drop off your keys and go.This location is decidedly larger, much larger patio, yet retains the cool vibe of the original (except you can actually locomote to the bathroom in this location without spilling someone's drink). The concept scaled well, IMHO.Food is fantastic.  Everything I've had has been great; innovative pairings of flavors and textures. The happy hour menu changes daily I believe, if not weekly and there's always something adventurous to try.  Full bar and good selection of beers on tap.  I usually get a draft Stella (or 5 ) when I'm there, but you'll not be wont for lack of beverage options.Best aspects -- a tossup between decor & service. Both are phenomenal.  This is a great place to go with your friends for a weeknite dinner, a special occasion one-on-one or for business meetings with clients.  5 stars all the way.
From where I live in North Scottsdale , it's forty seven miles to this place, taking over an hour to get there.The line, like Disneyland's Pirates of the Caribbean.And by the time I got lunch, it was two o'clock.One star for my crew for talking me into this.I find a large table, underneath some very old and very beautiful tamarack trees. I don't like that I'm sharing a table, seated next to some fat kid with ice-cream sundae all over his mug who won't shut up. Then the ominous sign posted on the tamarack tree limb we were seated beneath, which is about five feet off the ground and growing perpendicular to it.    "WARNING: WATCH FOR FALLING SCORPIONS FROM TREE LIMBS"Another star and mega props to Joe's for not only having a farm and a restaurant, but an interactive poisonous insect exhibit as well.And finally, on the walk back to the car, we (as in my wife) noticed a plot of land across the street where you can rent a thirty by thirty plot for your very own garden.Another star for my wife now wanting me to plant a veggie garden next weekend.I'm hungover, driving for over an hour listening to Adele on repeat, (because we haven't heard 'Someone like you' one million times yet) standing in line wanting to puke, nervously watching for suicidal scorpions as I eat my burger and fries, listening to some brat I'd like to smack the bejesus out of, and my wife tells me I'm planting a garden next weekend.Yeah, no....I won't repeat.
peeps, i penned, a piece of proseor poem, sure, Abu would knowthe difference, dawg, cuz he's da manmy literary, yelping,  faneither or, i rhyme to thoseat Mama Mia's, pizza prosya, they toss, the perfect pieforget the grease, just open widecrispy crust, just like the cityFrankie, yappin', itty-bittyshop, next to, a liquor storecould you ever, ask for morethree bucks buys, two slices, sodasauce and cheese, not overloadedfavorite of, the Phoenix, finestpolice choose, Mama Mi's, to dine atand even though, i feel safewhen i'm eating, at this placesix cop cars, not on patroli wonder, did i, lock my homehell, i'm not worried, keep 'em fedto serve, protect, and stuff, insteadtiramisu, into, their boccascross your fingers, pray and hope dabad guys, burglars, don't break inand interrupt, these cop's, din-din
I love Harlow's. It's nice to come back to to the ASU area and see that one of my old fave's is still around. The Eggs Benedict are so good. I get them EVERY TIME. I have yet to try anything different here. And because I am such a loyal person, I can pretty much assure you that I will probably never try anything else. It's pretty much always crowded so be prepared to wait. Not too long though. I think the longest I've ever waited is 15 minutes, which is reasonable. But you'll be served in no time after ordering. I'm not a huge breakfast person and I currently live at least 20 miles from Harlow's, but will still come here from time to time to enjoy a great breakfast and great service.
Loving this place since 1991. It has been here since 1960 though.                    Always great food. They truly have the best Pizza in the Valley they still hand toss the crust.                                                                               Which makes a huge difference.   The wings are fab,as well as every meal we have ever had here.   To Go orders are also great! I love eating inside because, it has a wonderful Italian ambiance that is old school and natural. it reminds me of the East coast restaurants.   Parking is a little tough. Always busy ,so you must sometimes park on the road , but well worth it.
I stopped here today after hearing so many good things about this place from my fellow clinicians.  It is solidly decent Thai food. Nothing that blew my socks off, but still quite tasty.  The lunch prices are better elsewhere, but I wouldn't let even that stop me from going back to try it again.  I would have given it 4 stars, but I'm still holding on to it until another dish on their menu is as good as I've been led to believe.
Wow! This place is 'Old Phoenix' in a nutshell. You enter through the kitchen in the back and it feels like you're instantly teleported to another era with deep red velvet flowery wallpaper, old portraits adorning the walls, and narrow doors. My hubby and I went here with family, so we sat in a big booth in the corner. We ordered 1/2 dozen oysters (served on ice-cold black rocks), porterhouse steak (melts in your mouth), scallops, mesquite grilled shrimp, and my grandpa had chicken livers (though I've never tried them, I don't recommend them). My hubby and I shared a 4-layer chocolate cake consisting of a thick icing on top, two layers of mousse, and a moist cake atop a swirl of raspberry sauce. Needless to say, neither my hubby nor I could drive, due to his enormous gin martini and my indulgence on the wine. The servers didn't mind that we sat a while after the check was paid. No pressure to turn tables here. Definitely recommend if you're in the mood for a delicious meal.
Returned for a recent breakfast, and can't stop thinking about how much I enjoyed it.  I did an omelet, which was great, but I LOVED their coffee.  What a nice morning.Now that they're doing happy hour, i need to get back here in the evening, especially now that it's nice enough to really enjoy the patio.
Downhill is the key word - I don't know what happened to this particular location but I am shocked they stay open. The crab cakes are abysmal and just about everything else is at best mediocre. Spare yourself and go elsewhere.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food7 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueI don't like in the least how the recent remodel suddenly turned its back to the street, but I certainly enjoy making occasional trips into Uptown for Lux now that they've got food & booze.The drinks are over-the-top creative, quite tasty, but a little pricey.The service itself is good, but figuring out how to get served can be a challenge.  The space is definitely not inviting to shy newbies, and some really don't appreciate the meandering layout, though I tend to like it.
Let's all bow our heads and pray to the gods of fried chicken.Thank you gods for blessing this world with Lo Lo's.  Thank you for blessing me with the delicious fatty goodness of deep fried Chicken thighs.My recommendation would be to get the #9 Lil' Amadi.  In my case I just told the waiter I wanted a Drumstick, a Thigh and some Mac n Cheese.  He knew the exact correlating menu # and name.My favorite uncle got the #2 Baby Ray with a side of Grits and a giant jar of Red Kool-Aid.  The Chicken was so juicy and tender.  Fall off the bone with succulent delight wonderful.  The waffle, for how thin they are was perfect.  You'll think Belgian waffles are for wimps after having one of these.   There was a slight hint of cinnamon to them.  The Mac n Cheese was addictive.  There was something to it?  Something I couldn't put my finger on as to why it was so good.  My son, who is also learning to eat big people food really enjoyed it.My uncle said the he was about to go into a diabetic coma after eating his meal.  His name it Bruce A.  Read his review too.The only thing that I could find wrong was the tap water tasted like it was dipped from the canal.  And they were out of Red Velvet Cake.  I know, what's this world coming to?!They did have Sock It To Me cake.  I got it to go and had it for breakfast the next day.  It was perfect for breakfast.  It was light and kind of cinnamony as well.As we were leaving I told the waiter that I live near Oakland and that Lo Lo's beats Home of Chicken & Waffles hands down.  The food, the service, everything about it.  If I could eat here every day of my vacation I would.
Crepes... glorious crepes!  I've frequented OPH for many, many years!  The quality, service and the decor (unfortunately) never changes.  Things to know: They do not accept credit cardsThey do not take reservationsThey will only seat you when your entire party is thereThe wait on the weekends is almost unbearableThe French Crepes are freaking amazing!The Apple Pancake is delicious, slow and a modern miracle of bakingDessert for breakfast? Chocolate Chip pancakes!
Make sure not to zone out while you're driving to the Welcome Diner or you'll zip right past it (as my friend and I did).  It's right on the corner of 10th Street & Roosevelt in a cute little red and white dining car.  There are a few parking spaces behind the diner on 10th Street.  I would check the hours, as I think I was told differently than the hours posted in the other review.My friend and I went to the diner on a Saturday afternoon and were able to get seats inside at the tiny counter.  I'm sure as it gets warmer, those will be harder to come by and that when the weather is nice, most people sit outside.  It is indeed a tiny space on the inside and half the seats have a direct view into the kitchen area, which is kind of homey.  I'm pretty small, so the size inside wasn't an issue for me, but claustrophobes and bigger people might feel squished.I ordered a hamburger and fries and my friend got an egg sandwich.  The burger was pretty good, but relatively small in comparison to what's generally served at restaurants.  If you're really hungry or a big eater, you'll probably want to go for the double burger.  The fries were good - nice and crisp.  My friend was pretty happy with her egg sandwich but unhappy with her cup of water, which was apparently pretty bad even for tap water.  They have a bunch of organic sodas, along with Coke and Diet Coke, if you're like me and can't wash down a burger and fries with anything but a carbonated beverage.Overall, I thought it was a pretty cool place and will definitely return with more friends in tow.  (Possibly for one of their movie nights...movies + tasty food = a good time).  Bonus points for their helping with the downtown rejuvenation while also supporting local businesses (Schreiner's, Mary Coyle's).
I have been to  Boston's twice - once on a weekday afternoon, and a Friday during happy hour - and both times have I been grievously disappointed. I am not especially picky about my eateries; so long as they serve good food, the place can look as dumpy as is permissable for satisfactory health inspection. I am readily forgiving of flummoxed trainees, the occasional forgotten condiment, and the typical slowness of service during peak hours. I respect people in positions to cater to my incessant hunger and possible alcoholism, and I show this by accepting them for their occasional shortcomings.That being said: Boston's is not forgiven. The first time I came here upon the recommendation of a trusted friend, we experienced downright sluggish service. It was a Tuesday afternoon with nary a soul in the house save our two-person party, and our rough-looking server couldn't be bothered to take our order in a timely fashion. She argued with my friend and overcharged him for his beer, then refused to pay us any mind after our food had been delivered. Another, seemingly more pleasant server noticed we'd been biding our time drinkless, and fetched us our refills. We overheard a catty exchange between the two women as Server of the Year swept past, which told us right away that this lack of hospitality was not atypical of this potential ex-con that had taken our order.Flash forward to last Friday: despite having been underwhelmed by my maiden voyage to Boston's, I ventured in again - this time in a party of three - only to wait awkwardly in the entryway for an upward of five minutes until someone emerged to seat us. This 'someone' was exactly that - a seemingly random, untagged man who could just as easily have been the general manager as some drunk at the bar.  We were not given a choice of where to sit - a huge faux pas for any joint serious about its service. Instead, we were escorted into the bar/lounge area and instructed to sit at the awkward high table just around the corner from the bar. When asked if we could be relocated to a booth, we were refused the opportunity.At a spritely 5'2", I don't fare well in chairs that sit over half my height off the ground, and the space behind me was an uncomfortable flurry of movement to-and-from the kitchen. Even at our easily accessible, high-traffic location, we were not offered so much as a glass of water. We waited twenty minutes to be acknowledged in a near-empty bar well into the range of happy hour before abandoning our table and walking out. As an added insult, the entire exit was blocked by the man who'd seated us and a few identifiable employees. We brushed passed, effectively interrupting their conversation, and the guy - more than likely the actual manager as opposed to an inebriated managerial impersonator - said nonchalantly, "Oh hey guys, everything all right?""Yeah," I muttered as I followed my stoic companions outside. Apparently he had wax in his ears, because he poked his little head out after us and asked again, a bit sternly, "Guys? Everything all right?"I snapped, "Yes!" - the tone of which translated to: "No jackass, everything isn't all right!" But it wasn't worth arguing: we were parched, hungry, and too irate to be rational. I've heard great things about Boston's, but have yet to experience one. I can chalk up a few mistakes to human error and the nature of the restaurant industry, but the inattentiveness and general lack of hospitality demonstrated by the largely uncaring staff is too blatantly disrepectful to warrant a third shot.
Hands down my favorite place in the Phoenix Metro area right now.They have a really great happy hour, an extensive tap beer list, and a life changng veggie/vegan menu!I am absolutely addicted to the Gardein Veggie Buffalo Wings. Beyond amazing. The tofu lettuce wraps are delish as well.I'm really glad to see major restaurants catering to all sorts of dietary varieties versus leaving us veggies with the option of a side salad or plain pasta!Chances are you will see me here at least once per week with a Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA and two orders of the Buffalo Veggie Wings ... sometimes twice... so if you have been waiting for that perfect moment to make contact with me, well, I suggest you hang around YH each night about 530.
Not sure about all the hubbub.   The samples were nice but the food didn't do anything special for me.   The cookies at the end were delightful.   I'm not sure that Chinese and Mexican belong together.   My husband liked the relleno but wasn't wild about it.    The people were all incredibly nice hence 2 stars.
Here is a little ale-house gem in old Phoenix that it worth spending some time in.  The place is so refreshing, clean, and relaxing.  They have 6 beers on tap, and sell beer and kegs to-go.  The beer is great, the logo is is timeless, and the packaging is classic.  Love this place already!
As part of our food day weeks. we arrived to this place. Our group grew from 4 to almost 15 persons. Food is ok, the bruscheta that I ordered was more like toasted bread with the additional things. The best deals seem to be the gyros or sandwiches. The missing star is because our server found it too complicated to do separate checks, even when we asked him before and tried to merge some checks. The fact that they go under stress makes the experience less enjoyable.
Boo on you! I think Chipotle has just gone down hill. You know what Chipotle feels like to me? Pop culture...they coax you in with great deals, giving you as much food as you want, no complaints they have a "it's all about the customer" feel...they start to take over in popularity, everyone loves them, raves about them: they're healthy, they use organic ingredients, they are such big burritos!...but then a shift starts to take place...employees start to cut back on the good offers, not all stores, but some started to hesitate when you ask for more meat/beans, they bang the spoon a few more times to get just a little more beans or meat off....and then BAM! You're getting charged close to $2 extra for 4 more pieces of meat!! The extra charge for meat isn't even listed on the menu (but they do list the extra charge for their sucky guacamole). In short, they took a great idea, watered it down, inflated the prices, and made their bottom line more important than customer satisfaction. Piss on you Chipotle and everything like you.
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food9 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueI have a pretty strong "no reviews of chains" rule.  Partly because I do not like chains for a variety of economic and community reasons, and partly because everyone already knows exactly what they offer so why waste my time.So Z Pizza is easily the most chainy place I've now reviewed (except for that one where I had to 1-star a Subway, those summa bitches).  But it's good and it's Downtown, so this is my one mulligan.I walked in to get a slice at 10:30am.  Now, I didn't expect them to be open, so before I walked in, i fully expected just to fruitlessly tug on a locked door.  But lo and behold it opened!First thing through the door was an immediate "Hello" from the counter, and the guy there was friendly as a golden retriever.  I don't mean that to be an insult, being a dog and all, it's just the friendliest thing i could think of.I ordered 1 slice of pep, and I think because I chatted with him on a boring Thursday morning (who eats pizza at 10:30am?), he actually gave me 2 slices.  There goes my attempt at not being a fatass.  But thank you!The slices were good and greasy.  "Ewww!  greasy pizza!  Dab it with a napkin and wring it like a towel!"  oh shut up.  This is good thin new yorkish style, and grease is a part of the recipe.  Napkin dabbing is like taking the beef out of your hamburger.I just wish there had been some oregano on the table alongside the parmesan and pepper flakes.  I've noticed that oregano is not a big thing here in Arizona.  It's almost always only upon request.  I could have requested it I suppose, but after sitting down and realizing my predicament, I was too eager to commence my metamorphosis to fatass.So yes, Z is a chain, but I still love it.  And this makes me hate myself.  So we are officially in an emotionally abusive relationship now.
Who knew there was something good in Sunnyslope?After reading the reviews on Yelp, my husband and I decided to check out Corbin's for Sunday brunch. Upon entering we were greeted right away and taken to a booth. Our really friendly server was at the table right away and took our drink orders. My husband ordered a bloody bull (a bloody mary with a few extra ingredients) and I ordered a ramos fizz, a boozy, creamy fruity drink on ice. Both drinks were very delicious. For food my husband ordered a quesadilla with ham and carmelized onions. I ordered the Eggs Bayou, which is poached eggs and ham on top of toasted french bread and a side of potatoes. I enjoyed the atmosphere of Corbin's. It's has a fairly modern look and is pretty laid back.The food was very tasty and I look forward to going back and trying out their other dishes.
Is this place actually supposed to be . .  . you know. . . . a business?We showed up at about 7 on a Tuesday, putting us in the no-mans land between happy hours. That part didn't matter much to me, but as we seated ourselves I wondered if we might be catching them in a dead spot. Maybe that explains the rest of the review. I'm not anxious to try again. At any time.We chose to sit in the bar area where more of the tables were full than in the restaurant area. We were just there for a couple drinks and some apps.  The waitress shows up and my friend asks what they have on tap. The waitress recites a voluminous list from memory, blandly. However, neither of us could hear her well enough over the Brian Adams or some other droning shit they had playing too loudly in the background. My friend asks to see a printed beer list. The waitress--a bit perplexed--explains that they don't have printed beer lists. My friend settles for water and starts searching "Zipps Phoenix Beers" on her iPhone. On the other hand,  I--determined to get my drink on--order up a vodka tonic and throw in an order of some wings.We wait.I get my drink. The tonic water is flat as a stretch of Nebraska Interstate. Waitress comes back around. I tell her that it's not working for me and since I suspect that their tonic has gone flat, I order a vodka Diet Coke instead. She apologizes and takes the drink away. A few minutes later she's back with the Diet Coke and vodka. Which is also flat. And apparently made with "vodka" made from straining Sterno through gym socks. Waitress is now off in the distance carting around dishes. I try to wave her down. No response. I take it to the bar. Bartender not paying attention. I look back to our table. The waitress is back, but empty-handed. My friend is now searching various blog entries from 2007 looking for hints of which beers they offer besides . . . y'know . . . fuckin' Bud Light, which might be all they usually sell.I decide to have a beer instead, taking the time to walk back to the bar to look at the taps. I order an IPA.  My friend says "oh, that sounds  . . . ok . . . ". Ok then: Two. Make it two IPA's. The waitress slowly walks off, carting with her the last abortive attempt at a cocktail and our inspired beer order.We wait. I look over at the kitchen and was reminded of an order for some wings placed way back . . . oh. . . .a couple of screwed-up drink orders before. Seems like sometime back during the days of Weimar Republic by this point.  I notice that although the bar area is well-occupied, the restaurant area is basically empty. I don't see any orders up on the kitchen window. Servers and the cooks are standing around talking. I look at my friend across the table. We look at the bar, and back at the kitchen. No beers. No wings. The taste of two lousy drinks still on my tongue. A gradually-accumulating wave of bitter resentment rising within me.We got up and left. The Garage was right across the street and was everything that Zipps wasn't this night.In a word: A business.
Ugh... every once in awhile I think, oh Little Caesars is cheap and alright... let's pick some up. This is a problemThe pizza is terrible... I know it's 5$... but still. It's just not good. I also always seem to remember liking the crazy bread, and then I get it and it's also just not good. I should have just stayed home and eaten cereal.*sigh
This place is awesome.  One star is missing because it's a little pricey.  And I really don't feel that healthy food has to be pricey just because you use whole grain bread and count calories for us. But, if you want to go out to eat and have a healthy meal- there aren't that many places to do it at. Soma Cafe gives us another great place to eat a tasty meal that won't add junk to your trunk.They're open really early every day of  the week too, so you can come grab a quick breakfast as early as 6:30am before you head out to work.  They also serve lunch and dinner, and they have quite a few different menu options.I've tried the veggie burger, tuna salad and vegetable sandwich- all were really good. Your meal also comes with baked fries or some kind of rice.  It's nice that they give us the calories, fat, protein etc. for each of their meals, so you actually know how much of everything you're consuming. I will definitely be back to try their breakfast items, but don't expect me until like 9:30am...6:30am comes a little too early for me!
noca went from being one of my top 5 restaurants in AZ to having a 1 and 5 chance of my ever returning or recommending. After making sure to mention on the Open Table reservation my special request for gluten free dining as well as a clear, understandable conversation tableside with my server prior to ordering, it was obvious that the front of the house lacks knowledge about what a gluten free diet entails.  The back of the house also has a lack of creativity about keeping the spirit and integrity of their dish when accommodating a gluten free request.  The communication between the two is noticeably weak.  Who would have thought that cooking without flour would be so difficult when everything noca prepares is made to order?   Is frying an egg without crusting it that challenging?  Missing this simple awareness makes those with a gluten intolerance feel as if his or her dining experience is not as important as those without food aversions. Overall, the quality and value have all gone downhill as far as I'm concerned.  There is no attention to detail and appreciation of a well timed, elegant dining experience.  Forced, insensitive and rushed service makes for a very angst-ridden, uneasy evening.
As an Oregonian, I had yet to experience the wonder of In-N-Out Burger until 2 weeks ago, when I went down there for the classic car auctions. Let me tell you, the food was worthy of the hype it gets. Now I know I might get killed for saying this, but I got mine without the sauce. I'm not a big mayo or secret sauce fan, so there. But, I did get one animal style, and it was amazing. One key to the great taste is they grill their buns. Another is that their menu is simple, and they don't deviate from the best tasting menu items. The only problem I have with this place is their T-Shirts. They have a Barracuda on it with a 389 emblem on it. WTF is that about!? That made me mad, because no Barracuda has a 389 in it, let alone an emblem on the side. Minor gripe, and not enough to take it down a point. Definitely check this place out if you are in AZ. It is everything it was built up to be.
Went there with my family, placed an order for over $30.00. One of the girls wrote the wrong number on the sub and acted like it was my fault. Went back to the counter to buy something else and another girl at the counter acted like I was bothering her. Very bad customer service. I get treated a lot better at subway. Will never go there again.
I had the "blue room" all to myself for lunch on Saturday.  Nice and peaceful watching the  salt water fish being fed fish pellets.  No sharks just little fish chasing around and trying to eat quickly.I wanted something light so ordered the chicken tostado ala carte with quacamole.  A pleasant surprise with large chunks of hot white chicken, chopped lettuce and just a few beans, tomato and cheese. on a crisp corn tortilla. The quac came on the side so I could add as necessary.The tostada with a glass of Dos Equis came to $11.01 and that included a basket of chips and two sauces.  The tostado was a healthy alternative plus I didn't cave in for many chips.
One of my roommates was extolling the beauty of Bosa.  I asked if they were as good as Rainbow, but she had never tried Rainbow.So - we decided to do a taste test.  Three of us in the house - so we would get 3 different (but like) donuts from each.  The plan was to bring them back home, cut to sample size, and note flavor, texture and overall preference.The guy roommate's favorite is glazed raised.  The gal leans to sugar raised and I figured glazed old fashioned is a safe baseline for taste testing.We went to Rainbow first.  No problem getting the donuts we wanted.  I also picked up a half dozen donut holes.  Was not thrilled to be charged $0.50 for the box, but c'est la vie.  Girl roommate also got a watermelon frappe type of drink.  A bit sweet for my tastes, but very, very watermelony.Next stop Bosa.  They didn't have regular sugar raised - used powdered sugar instead.  (I have a hard time trusting that the regular sugar didn't stick - somehow they managed to make it work at Rainbow!)  So the granulated vs. powdered sugar raised would not be as scientific a comparison, but we'd make do.  No problem with the glzed and old fashioned.  We also picked up ham and swiss croissants.  One can never have too much pastry, right? :)Results -      Glazed raised - Bosa was slightly denser and chewier - more mouth satisfaction.  Rainbow was cloudlike fluffy and light.  Great texture, but we didn't feel satisfied from chewing.  Rainbow was slightly sweeter.          ~Votes - 3 for Bosa.~     Old Fashioned - textures were identical.  Rainbow had a slight lemon (or maybe aspatrame?) flavor in the back end of the tasting.          ~Votes - 1 slight lean to Bosa, 2 Draw~     Sugar raised - texture of donut was identical to glazed raised above.  (duh - same donut, different topping.)  The gal roomie likes granulated.  The guy roomie preferred the powdered.  I liked both.          ~Votes - 1 Bosa, 1 Rainbow, 1 Draw.So, Bosa comes out with a slight edge.  And we came out with a slight sugar rush.  I can't help but wonder what our next scientific food research challenge will be!
It's a fast-paced greasy hole-in-the-wall mom-and-pop diner with HUGE portions at a great price...... period.Yes, it's true that the servers are running around the whole time...... it's true you might have to wait (how is that bad, by the way... doesn't that show that it's good if you have to have to wait 15 minutes to get in on a random weekday for breakfast?)...... it's true there are no great paintings on the wall to look at or a theme............ but what did you expect in the back corner of a strip-mall where everything around it has changed 5 times or went out of business?Fact is... I got an omlette, potatoes, pancakes, toast, a side of bacon and some juice... it was absolutely delicious... super fast... I wasn't able to finish it all...... and left 15 bucks that already included a tip over 20 percent!So... just don't show up looking for a lovely ambiance... show up looking for a ton of great homemade food for a great price.
And I don't even like BBQ.Well, that's not totally true, every once in a blue moon a nice pulled pork sandwich sounds good. But I generally find it to be vinegary and sometimes sugary (which I can't fathom for the life of me) and sort of sour and just weird. Usually I only eat it when forced to: at a friend's for dinner or the co-workers want to go out for BBQ for lunch.The latter being the reason I ended up here recently. We had actually attempted to lunch at the nearby indoor go kart race track, which has a café, but they don't serve until 1p. So we hit up the cramped mini strip mall of some of the only food for miles in this business park area I refer to as the "no man's land" when it comes to food. I eyed the pulled pork sandwich on the menu, but decided to be adventurous (a risk when you don't really like BBQ) and went for the beef brisket wrapped in a tortilla. I added cheddar cheese (I mean go heart attack or go home, right?) to the wrap and got a drink and a side of garlic mashed potatoes for about $7. It was rather busy in the small place on a Friday, so we had to sit at the bar style seating which means you stare at a wall - at least make the view out the window, I say. It was awkward seating for our party of two, so don't stumble in with 4-5 co-workers on a Friday and expect to all sit together unless you're lucky and get a small booth. About 3-5 minutes later they called our orders. Pretty quick for how busy they were, and totally fine if you're running in and taking it to go. And damnit if that tortilla wasn't flavorful and amazing, and the brisket inside?! Fantastic. I was really, really impressed. Oh, it was greasy as hell (it dripped out the bottom and all over my hands) but very good. And VERY rich. I liked it so much I went back about two weeks later to get the same, and this time gobbled it up fast and felt ill after. So if you don't have an iron stomach take your time on this one. The mashed potatoes were a good size and also very tastey.All in all, I was very impressed with this fast food spot. For the money I got measurably better food than I would have imagined. Plus quick and friendly service makes four stars. Done and done.
I have been by this place many times and finally stopped one day. I had Breakfast on a Saturday morning. My server was Maxwell. He was adorable and very professional.I was happy I had gone in.Food is not the best but, it is very inexpensive, so no complaints here. After such a great experience, I thought I would go back for lunch.Since this time it was a week day Maxwell was not working, so I was given another waiter. He tried, however yelling at me from across the room ,did I need anything else was not professional at all.I know he just did not know any better. Please do not discuss your personal lives at work where all the patrons can hear. It is bad Business.Perhaps Maxwell should be teaching the others how to behave when they are at work. I had gone in for a late lunch so there was only 3 other tables in here. All the more reason not to put your business out on the street.I am sure I will be back. But, I am hoping to get Maxwell or someone similar next time.Bathroom is clean and lots of parking in the lot.
Take a group and go late.There are two key issues that present hurdles to having an all around good time at Dave and Busters. The first issue is the food is terribly overpriced and the quality was not impressive as I have found it to be greasy at times or overcooked. The second issue revolves around the bloody ankle biters, why you would want to drag your kids to a bar is far beyond me (I do however see why having kids can make you want to drink heavily) so the only obvious circumvention is to go later in the evening to avoid the annoyance. The variety of arcade games is not bad. They have several group play racing and trivia games but they are missing some staple crowd pleasing games like air hockey and strangely absent are the fighting style games (Tekken, Street Fighter, Mortal Combat, etc.).   In a nutshell go later in the evening with a group for the games and stick to a simple faire of bar food or you might find yourself sorely disappointed. Tempe Market Place is a great place to wonder around in this time of year (spring) with a variety of restaurants, shops, etc. Dave and Busters is worth spending an hour or two in but if you want decent food I would look elsewhere.
After Shabu Fondue closed in Chandler. I swore to never go to the Melting Pot. But there is a GOD! When Tien Wong Hot Pot opened I was elated to try it out. The fiance and I went there during the weekend and was very impressed with the quality of food! The shabu beef and tofu is amaze! Oh and the GOMA SHABU sauce?! SO GOOD!The service was great. The atmosphere may seem a little fancy-shmancy but its a pretty casual joint. Its not too loud in there as well, even with the big families that often dine there. The prices are decent and the portions are really good too! FYI Their hours changed from 5-11 pm.
Despite the lines, the crowds, and the wait, I found Pizzeria Bianco to be a worthwhile dining experience....even though it didn't fit into my Chicago-style definition of pizza.This isn't the place to loosen up, stuff yourself silly , and quaff beer by the pitcher.  If you're on a date or entertaining an out-of-town couple, it's pretty hard to beat.  But if you're looking to feed a softball team or a sizable collection of drinking buddies, don't even think about it.Getting seated at Bianco reminds me of doing the same at Zachary's ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/JsqK99Ka8gIgu1ZtzDupRg ) in Oakland, Ca.  You walk in, a receptionist takes your name, and they give you a projected wait time that can be as long as an hour.  Right around this time I'm thinking it'd be nice if we could wait in a bar, chat over a beer, and somehow be summoned back  when our table was ready. To my utter delight, our waitress informed us that LO AND BEHOLD!!! SUCH A SETUP EXISTED!!!  We were quickly shooshed over to a rather pleasant bar next door where the lengthy wait passed by painlessly as we sipped drinks and chatted up the locals.  The bar was crowded too....and I had my doubts about the restaurant staff's claim of a Saint Bernard-like ability to find us in the crush of humanity....but find us they did, and minutes later we were seated and perusing the bill of fare.First off, a glimpse at the menu told me I was in for something completely out of the ordinary.  Pizza's only came in thin crust, and were served in only one size.  There was no build-your-own list of toppings, and the pre-defined combinations didn't look anything like standard pizza parlor fair.  On the other hand, the sizable wood-fired pizza oven in the corner looked fascinating, and Bianco himself was running the kitchen with a focus and dedication that bordered on religious fanaticism.Tires hit pavement when the pizzas showed up.  I've gotta say it was dang tasty, and I didn't regret the wait or the expense one bit.  Still, if you're craving a more Chicago-style pizza, this just doesn't cut it.  The ingredients are fantastic, the preparation is perfect, and the ambiance isn't lacking in the slightest......but halfway through my first pie I found myself yearning for something thicker, and wound up fighting the urge to grab two pieces at once or fold one over to simulate a thicker slice.  If, like myself, you hail from San Francisco, it's similar to Pauline's Pizza ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/tIzKxpADKMMmzDr5n07lQg ) on Valencia between 14th and Duboce.All in all, Pizzeria Bianco was great, but nothing to set the world on fire.  It was tasty, and it was without doubt a high-quality pizza.  East Coasters with their love for a thinner, more spartan pie will probably see it's virtues....But as for myself, I see it in the same way I do Pauline's Pizza in San Francisco...memorable and worth the visit, but it  never comes to mind when the pizza craving rears it's ugly head...
Between items that taste vaguely Asian and prices that can easily stack up, Sens is essentially an upscale Panda Express.I'll give them points for concept, though. Basically, you and your pals want Asian food, but can't decide what kind. Thai? Chinese? It's whatever, you can get them both here. Portions are small, as everything is a well-presented appetizer meant for sharing. Between $5 and $11 a pop for these snacks, you'll find yourself spending way more than you would if you just ate an entree at a real restaurant.. Beyond that, items are pretty bland, and they really rely on sauces to come alive. I couldn't taste a hint of goat cheese in the wontons, and the Thai chicken lollipops were bland. They had to be drenched in wasabi or chili sauce.I then realized I noticed a pattern. Bland fare that caters to a mainstream crowd who actually hasn't sampled Asian snacks. I will admit that it looks awesome. I'll admit that it tastes good, but then again tasting good doesn't mean it's authentic or worth it. Maybe I'll be back to try more items, in hopes that I'm all wrong. In the meantime, this Yelper has been jaded by similar (yet superior) places in Southern California. If you're a hipster who's ideal destination is around Roosevelt, then welcome home.
I can see this little gem becoming a regular habit.  The service and food were both wonderful and I loved the comfy feel they have inside. I tried to finish their specialty a Havarti & Roasted Asparagus panini with ham and couldn't do it. It's enough for two. Next time I'll do the 1/2 & 1/2 option. The sandwich had a little spice to it; come to find out they roast the asparagus with some red pepper flakes and they roast their own meats!  Add to that the delicious  pesto mayo and the fab bread and I'm sold!!I must come back for a overly indulgent slice of cheesecake!Thanks Bertha & staff!
Why is this place still here?Dust off the nostalgia and baseball memorabilia, cuz that's the ONLY reason you should eat here.  The service is pedestrian, the place is stuffy and the food just meh.  And the wine list!  For a steak house, I'd expect something more than 10 grocery store selections listed on the back of the menu.  Yes, the BACK of the food menu!  Let's see...I'll take the Kendall Jackson Cab for $40.  If you're going to bend me over on wine prices, at least let me pick something that isn't on sale at Basha's!  With so many better food options in Scottsdale, why is this place still here?
Yeah, so I was at FEZ for 5 hours last night.  We had some drinks and some food and a good time was had by all.  Service is always better when there is a group of 4 or more.  I noticed the look of the menu changed and that freaked me out.  My beloved lamb is more expensive than ever, but that isn't gonna stop me.  The tall attractive guy with the trendy glasses was a great server, but I am beyond remembering his name.  Just go!
My SJ buddies and I came here for breakfast one weekday morning.  Now I know why Matt's gets such great reviews.  The only draw back to Matt's is that it is just so small.  But then again, that is part of it's charm.  This is a tiny little house on a corner in downtown Phoenix.  I can just imagine what the weight is like on the weekends.  They have great fresh food and coffee.  I had the "Hog an Chick" meat and eggs....applewood smoked bacon...YUM!!  And the potatoes reminded me of my Uncle Ernie's potatoes.  So good with herbs and onions.  I gobbled up every bite!!  My coffee cup was never empty and the sourdough toast was .....mmmmm toasty.  I loved Matt's.  Just be sure to bring lots of quarters because there is nothing but metered parking all around.
Spinato's just opened in Ahwatukee and you would think it was the first and only restaurant this side of South Mountain from all of the people there.  The place was packed!  However, it was our lucky day when our friends got there just in time to get us a prime spot at a bar table!There were servers and staff everywhere, so even though the confusion of opening night was obvious, everyone was having a great time and there were plenty of people helping out so it didn't really matter.  We ordered a few appetizers and four personal (7") pizzas.  The Trio of Meatballs appetizer was awesome!  Huge meatballs in a delicious vodka sauce (that is fantastic as a dipping sauce for any type of bread or pizza crust, so ask for a side) for only $3.99!The BF had the "Here's the Beef" pizza which looked meaty and delicious.  I probably would have had a bite, but my Da Greek pizza was overflowing with fantastic toppings (feta, kalamata olives, pepperoncini, spinach, and tomatoes) that I didn't want anything to mess with the flavors.Every day is a different daily drink special and $2 PBR all day, every day.I would say that I can't wait for the place to calm down so I can go back, but to be honest, I don't really care.  I'll go back even if it is just as busy as opening night.  The food was wonderful, the service was great, and the atmosphere is something I wanted to be part of.  The only bad part about Spinato's opening in the Tuke is going to be deciding which of my favorite pizza joints I'm going to pick on any given night!
Jalapeño Inferno is now a great new addition to my list of lunch spots close enough to the airpark to not be absurdly late for work! I recently went here for a team lunch after doing a little research and was pleasantly surprised by how good things turned out. The chips and salsa were great, but the salsa lacked that gritty (I'm in a hole-in-the-wall) flavor that I truly love. The spiciness is toned down a little more than I like too, but the flavors were very tasty,especially their version of a spicy selection. The chips though, that's where they got me... Some of the chips are regular corn chips that you would expect in a Mexican restaurant (but with quality) and the other chips were just cuts of tortilla that were deep fried! I couldn't stop eating them!For my real lunch, after eating more than enough calories in chips, was Courtney's Favorite Burrito Inferno with chicken. It was off the very hot portion of the menu. The chicken inside the burrito was awesome. It was nice and blackened before being chopped up for my burrito and I could tell. The burrito itself was topped with Inferno sauce and hatch chiles, and it totally won me over. It wasn't the best burrito I've ever had, but I'd be lying if I didn't say it was really good. I also got to try some of the Mexican pizza. If you can imagine what good nachos taste like, you'll understand the flavor, but now imagine that feeling of the perfect bite when eating nachos throughout eat bite! The Mexican pizza at Jalapeño's calms down your brain's instant guilt trip by rewarding your taste buds with a  perfect bite every time.Jalapeño's was great for lunch and it was great for a group. The waitress seemed a little bit impatient, but next time I visit here I will update and clarify if that was just a fluke. If you're in the airpark for lunch, drive a couple miles north and give this place a try; it ain't bad.
The food at Fu Fu Cuisine was wonderful! I went there on a Sunday and they have an "all you can eat" option of certain foods. From those foods you can pick 3 dishes to sample. I got the Yassa Chicken, Pof Pof, Jolof Rice and an additional side order of fried plantains. All of that (minus the fried plantains) for $9.99- AMAZING! I couldn't even get seconds because I was so full. My boyfriend ordered the Fried Tilapia and cous-cous which was finger lickin good! I got the brownie cheesecake for dessert which was phenominal. It came with a scoop of ice cream and whipped cream- delicious.I believe a good rule of thumb for any ethnic restaurant is if the diners are from the same country or surrounding vicinity. Most of her customers were also from West Africa which was a GREAT sign because they would only dine at a fantastic and authentic restaurant. In short, the food at Fu Fu was AMAZING. I loved everything and the service was great! If I lived in Phoenix, I would be here every Sunday!!
Ive eaten authentic and delicious Chinese food in China, the bay area California, and LA, CA.This makes it onto my short list for good Chinese food in the Phoenix/Mesa area.  I can only think of 4 places I would go for Chinese food in this area.  Definitely going back.  Try the Chicken in Black Bean Sauce.  Yum!
Yikes, the spot was soooo cute - and super close to my home. But the  SERVICE was horrible!  The food was good - but I assume it was the owners day to wait on tables?  She needs to stay in the back!  Wait, this place is super tiny...maybe there is not a back area! She rushed us to order.  Worse part was she tapped her finger on our check and said, "can we settled up?"  I guess she was in a hurry to count her "winnings" for the day? I have NEVER been treated in such a way before.  My associate said he had been there before and stated, I should have warned you, while the food is good, the service is really bad!  Yikes, I won't be back - unless the Southern Belle who served us disappears! The other staff (a cute guy who appeared to be a barista) was smiley and nice - wished he had waited on us!  Mind you, all the while we were being rushed, there was clearly no wait for our table!  As we parted - I looked back and notice all three staff people huddled around the cash drawer with there days tickets - people, get an office!  While, in this crazy business market - I get you need to make money, but while your place is open, focus on good customer service - and trust me, your business with thrive!
I have had Mamma Mia's pizza 3 or 4 times now and each time it is as good as the last.  This pizza reminds me of my childhood pizza place in New York.  Thin crust that is well done, light on the sauce, cheese nice and bubbly and brown, and foldable replete with dripping grease.  Just the way a slice should be.  I have yet to try any toppings or a sub, but I am a purist when it comes to pizza and love plain cheese.Well done Mamma Mia's.  Well done!
Eh. As I may have mentioned in previous reviews, for me, the bar for Thai food is set by Thai Hut. Erawan ain't even close.First off, the place is dank. Like they built it in the basement of some 1960's ranch house. The carpet is funky -- not like fun-KAY -- but like ew, funky.I do give them props for friendly and attentive service. But the food, is just OK. The fried apps are really greasy, and the accompanying sauces are so straight-out-of-the-jar.The entrees, not much better. The pad kee mao was really oily, and despite the "spicy" warning, was exceedingly tame, as if they dumbed it down for us. Plus the portion size was really small, and they skimped on the noodles. Oh, and they charge for soda refills. We just felt nickel and dimed for a skimpy, boring meal. Not like we expect huge Buca di Beppo like portions -- just enough so that you aren't starving 20 minutes later.
Wow. The Jersey Shore meets the Real Housewives of Scottsdale. This was our second stop of the night, and maybe because the first stop was so cool it made Copper Blues all the more lame.I'm looking around and I'm seeing popped collars, gelled hair, really dark eyeliner, Ed Hardy and Uggs with leggings. Seriously? People still dress this way?I will say, they have an amazing selection of beers on tap; about 60, plus a large selection of bottles as well.The reason we came here in the first place was for the live music. Above the bar is a stage for a band but unfortunately, there was a "DJ" last night. This guy sure was moving around a lot like he was doin stuff and having a grand ole time, but I have no idea what he was actually mixing. He just played Top 40 songs from start to finish. So. Lame. Picture this if you will. 40something MILF wearing a mini dress with a slit down the back and thigh high stockings grinding on your dad. They were basically dry humping one another in the middle of the bar. If you're that old, can't you just go home and bone? I don't get it.This is definitely not my scene and I will never return.
For the love of Jesus! I went here with miss Dottsy Z for our girls date night and omg this place is fantastic! I have been here one other time 6 years ago on a blind date and had forgotten just how good the food was. We started off with the ever popular Burrata, which is- fresh mozzarella with a creamy heart topped with a balsamic glaze served with black label prosciutto crudo and toasted bread. From what I understand it is goats milk cheese that is flown in fresh daily and they have limited quantities. To say this is like butter is an understatement. It was delicious!!!!! Next I ordered the Rustica which is mozzarella, topped with prosciutto crudo and arugula after pizza is cooked. It took everything in me not to eat the entire damn pizza. Dottsy ordered the Prosciutto Crudo which is similar except hers has red sauce and no arugula. My goodness. I am still shaking my head and kicking myself for giving Dottsy all the leftovers. What in the world was I thinking? I will be back again very soon and not wait 6 years for another visit.
Just to clarify, this location in Anthem is not in the Shell gas station it's in the Fry's shopping center. Roger used to own the Roberto's at the gas station on 7th Avenue and Union Hills in Phoenix and that is when he appeared the first time on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives. He was also featured in a special Guy Fieri did about his favorite restaurants and I think that was filmed at this new location. Roger sold the gas station Roberto's.I think many of the poor reviews are from people who are still going to the gas station location thinking Roger and Maria still operate it.This new location is quite a drive for me but when we're on our way to or from Sedona we try to stop by.Roger will go out of his way to make sure you are happy with your meal. When my Mom was disappointed that her chile rellenos were too hot Roger said just to call him in the morning before we came and he'd prepare some where he'd take out all the seeds.If you happen to be in the Anthem area this is definitely the place to stop.
I don't consider myself a foodie, but if I did, I imagine this would be a regular on my rotation of local restaurants!  I actually have only eaten at Cowboy Ciao twice... once, a while back, for dinner, and then just the other day for lunch (with Sarah G).  I have to agree with Sarah... the lunchtime service was nothing special.  Our waitress was not overly friendly and she didn't give us much attention either.  We had to ask about several menu items including a refresher on the ingredients in the "Stetson Chopped Salad" as the menu doesn't say...Luckily, the company I was with made up for the 'eh' service.  The salad (I had the Stetson Chopped) was actually really unique and the perfect size for a light lunch.  I remember the wine menu being pretty impressive as well as that Exotic Mushroom Special, so I'm sure I'll be back to visit Cowboy Ciao eventually.  I'm probably being generous with 4 stars, but maybe it's just because I am giving them the benefit of the doubt.  In any case, as Stephy S likes to say... 'Ciao for now!'
So I've heard about these other Yelpers having lunch and dinner meetings with everyone's favorite local celeb, Gabi K... And I was always a little jealous. And I was always a little suspicious. But it turns out it happens. She's a real doll. Not The Real Doll. Just like, a really genuine human. We accidentally met at an event this morning hosted by one of my new favorite people Christina P... and to make a really long story average in length, I loved it. The vibe is great. The place is cute. My iced mocha was tasty tasty. The wrap I had was totally delicious. I'm sure it's fantastic at night. They have outdoor air conditioning. How cool but what a waste... You know, like a hummer. :-) And the have Coca lite and I didn't even try it and the owner was very cool. I will totally be back for an evening of romancing and bromancing I'm sure. Anyway, it's a really cool joint. I highly recommend it.
It felt like every single step was a battle:-Entrees arrived before appetizer, despite a ten minute difference in ordering.-The waitress was fairly useless in discussing vegetarian options. "Pasta with butter and lemon, or pasta with butter and pepper."-Entrees could barely be described as lukewarm. By the time I tried a taste of a friend's dish, it was absolutely cold. At this stage in our wait and annoyance, we were so hungry we just ate it.-Wrong appetizer arrived after we were done with the meal: "I can just leave you this one instead and not charge anything."-After the second appetizer mistake, the waitress ran by and told us "1.5 minutes until your mozzarella is done."  She was extremely specific. Over five minutes later, it was served. Awesome and easily the best part of the meal, but still barely warm. Thankfully, she left it off the ticket.-As the ticket arrived, we realized every single other table had recieved bread but us.You could tell the quality of the food is amazing, but the temperature, lackluster service, and severe disorganization were a major issue.  I thought they were still in their first week of service and was surprised to realize that the establishment is not that new.I am all for artwork in its appropriate time and place and no not feel like we need to gloss over the less pleasant portions of our past, but I don't need portraits of Jim Jones, Timothy McVeigh, and the American military staring me down over pasta.  It's appropriate in a gallery, but feels distasteful in this setting and holds the potential to alienate customers. Can you imagine being a victim of the Oklahoma City bombing and stepping into PastaBAR unaware? The potential here is enormous.I've been debating whether to review now or wait for a second visit, since I prefer to make more than one visit before publicly making a statement. There was, however, little positive to say about PastaBAR except "I can tell the food WOULD have been amazing". After a $60 bill for three -- "appetizer", one espresso, one bottled beer, and three entrees -- we had to eat again at Denny's a few hours later, since they were essentially the only other people still serving food in the area at that hour.
Located at the corner of Via Linda and Mountain View, The Egg I Am is an unassuming gem!My daughter and I went for a late brunch today. The restaurant closes at 2:30, so, by the time we got there at 1:45, we pretty much had free reign of the place. We noticed a sign saying that the patio was open for seating, but surprisingly, it was too cold for us to sit there today, as it was completely shaded when we were seated. Instead, we opted to sit by one of the large windows that overlooked Via Linda.The owner seated us, and gave us each a menu. Now, having a toddler, I'm accustomed to seeing kids menus with crayons to placate the children as they wait for their food. However, The Egg I Am does't use crayons, they use colored pencils. I know that probably doesn't sound very earth shattering, but it was different, and a nice touch. It's nice to see a place try and do things a little differently.The food itself is fantastic! My daughter ordered off of the children's menu, as everything there is just under $5.00. She opted for the kids' cheeseburger with fresh fruit. I had to do a double take when her plate arrived, because the burger was huge! It was easily 1/4lb. Needless to say, my three-year-old could only finish about a quarter of the burger during our visit. It DID make for nice leftovers, though.I, trying to maintain some semblance of a healthy diet, opted for the Vera Cruz Chicken and Avocado Omelette http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#gXr_sj61JYixeVVAZkn_Vw. This is an egg white omelette with diced chicken, tomatoes, onions and green chiles, topped with cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses and fresh avocado, served with a side of fresh fruit and a small bowl of salsa. It is nothing short of spectacular, imho http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#FA7aEbJm-oAuPt2xptQ8ww. It's one of those meals, that no matter how large the portions may be, you'll always wish there was just one more bite!Interesting side note: as we finished up our meals, two ladies sat behind us, and started asking questions about the menu. I happened to overhear that the restaurant makes their soups fresh each and every day.This is a great place to come for breakfast, lunch, or brunch. One note of caution: be mindful of the hours of operation. The Egg I Am is never open past 2:30 in the afternoon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#3PIa9nVtZc5NOcTf2dWcZw. So, plan accordingly, and ENJOY!
Damn Jessica F for getting the FTR on this! I made my first trip out to this new GFC location this weekend and was really excited to see an expanded retail area and the addition of sandwiches. If you have ever been to the other location on Thomas, you will be very happy with the increased selections and moving room!As usual, all of the staff were incredibly helpful and friendly, and very very knowledgeable about their products. I got some vegan gf donuts that taste a lot like gingerbread in addition to the herb baguette rolls, vegan banana cupcakes, vegan chocolate chip cookies, and hot dog buns. Everything has been great so far and I love that everything goes in the freezer.I am also really excited that they bake vegan gf cakes in multiple sizes! This is great since I am normally left out of the cake club during birthdays!All around a great place that caters to those of us with special diets! Thanks GFC!  :0)
Had lunch here last week with Rand H and Mike C at my suggestion.  The menu looked at awesome and I couldn't wait to try the brats.  I had the Duck, Duck, Dates with the apricot sauce on top.  The sausage was very tasty, but it sure was a tiny little thing!  They could have served it with a roll 1/2 the size and eased up on the amount of the apricots, which totally masked the flavor.  I also had the fries, which were very good, and the blue cheese bacon dipping sauce that had no flavor at all and looked like milk more than a dipping sauce.  I also loved the pickled veggies they served with the sandwich.I am not a fan of high top tables either, and the only regular tables are outside.  The food was great, but as far as value goes, there are much better options out there.  I'd go back if I were in the area and hungry, but doubt I'd go out of my way to come back.
Okay, I was sick of hearing about these subs so I had to nosh here just to weigh in. First off, I think the use of "world's greatest sandwiches" and  "gourmet" is a bit of false advertising. Um, I'm fairly certain the avocado on my beach club came from a tube. Also, I don't get why I was instructed to reach over the counter if I wanted my food in a bag or needed napkins. I thought that's why one exercises the phrase "to go." I'm not lazy, but gosh darnit there are three of you and no other customers are here. I don't get it. They'll drive miles for free to deliver the food but can't be arsed to throw the stuff in a bag? Even (Insert crappiest fast food chain of  your choice here) does that! Since you guys can do eveything so fast you have plenty of time left over to put the freakin' food in a bag for a girl with her hands full already! Whew, sorry. Moving on...I'd like to dispel the most prevalent assertions swirling around the much ballyhooed Jimmy John's.#1. "They are waaay better than Subway." This is true. But, isn't that like saying a c*** punch is much more pleasant than a double c*** punch? Edging out Subway in a taste test is the not brass ring to be reaching for!#2. "They are soooo cheap." Yeah, not really. I think it's an okay value in relation to the quality, but stop raving about it like it's a $2 trip to Tijuana with tacos and tequila included. (Because that would be fantabulous.)#3. "They have the BEST bread." I concede the bread is the best thing about the sandwich, but that's only because the rest of my sammich's innards were nothing spectacular. The turkey is just so so. Not bad, but not flavorful at all. So, the bread is not the earth shattering, yeasty lusciousness that people make it out to be. Truth be told I'd be happier if there were options. (They have some kind of sliced wheat that they basically told me no one likes!) It's not that I would never partake because I get that its decent and they deliver. But come on my friends, quit swilling the kool aid.
This place is a solid 4 and 1/2 stars with a great fresh, local menu and fantastic wine list! My last meal here was excellent with a very knowledgeable and honest server who provided a great dining experience. Some of the highlights were the asparagus, the beet salad and the short ribs! Oh my gosh did I love all 3 and I have been craving hominy ever since!! Plus, they even had a favorite bottle of wine that my BF and I covet that can't even be bought at the vineyard anymore (I'm not telling as I know they have one other bottle left and I don't want anyone to drink it!!) Decor is a little Scottsdale circa 1987, but you can tell that this is a great kept secret in Scottsdale! I will definitely be back!!
Culinary Adventure #2 in Phx went MUCH MUCH better than #1. This is a place my dad frequents, and kept talking about all day so I was eager to give it a shot. As we were driving up I noticed it was in a stripmall-esque area and I was like "Daaaad...why always the strip mall places". But as soon as we got in - definitely a different atmosphere than I expected. The front area is a decent bar and a waiting area; the TV in the corner was showing the ASU/UofA Bball game. There were about 4 tables full in there but it was after 8pm on a Wednesday so, I didn't hold that against them at all. Everyone knew my dad and greeted our table with warm smiles. Some quips about the Cards and we ordered; my dad pretty much knew what was good so we went with that. Bread was awesome - a nuttier bread which I am always a fan of. Get the garlic butter to spread on - mmmm. We got a 'special' meal that my dad concocted that he's evidently had there numerous times - grilled (not breaded) eggplant, and a side of penne with peppers/mushrooms in an al diavolo sauce. Very good. The sauce was especially spectacular. The service was nice - attentive yet not intrusive. Best. After clearing our plates and bringing out dessert, they brought over some amaretto on the rocks 'to wash down our meal'. What a nice touch!I had nothing bad to say about this place, except for I don't think people know much about it since it's tucked into a stripmall next to (I think) a dry cleaner or some other inane business. Highly recommended and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Phx!
Lil' update:  The veggie koo koo is amazing, kind of like an Iranian quiche or frittata, less eggy though and more herby.  Delicious and healthy.  The hummus is also made by hand and is wonderful.When I walked in there were 5 Tempe cops finishing up their lunch.  You know a place is good if cops eat there in groups.  Perfect for lunch.
Well almost exactly two months since I first visited, we stopped by Smeeks again to check it out.  Mind you, this was after the girl at Frances said "Have you tried our new store, Smeeks?" Us: "Ya, we went when you first opened but we've been meaning to go back." Girl with an angry look: "Oh that's right..."  WTF lady?  Don't hate me because your store sucked when you first opened.  I'm obviously not the only one who thought so.In any event, we went back and it is much better.  The layout has been improved and the selection is DRAMATICALLY better.  Not only do they actually have some candy (and not just licorice) but they finally have toys & gadgets that aren't just from accoutrements.com so that's good too.  A lot of the stuff is way overpriced though.   I really wish they had a soda fountain in there.  That would make for the perfect shop.  McAlpines + Sweets=FTW
A Phoenix original if ever there was one!  Total gem in the lower Grand Avenue area.I love the unique atmosphere here.  Post-industrial meets shabby-chic meets post-modern meets trading post.  Or something like that.I wanted something different and ordered the Panini Cubano.  I thoroughly enjoyed the shaved prosciutto, black beans, melted swiss, pickles and chipotle mayo.  I also sampled the sandwiches of my wife and daughter and they were very tasty as well.  They had the pesto chicken and the lamb gyro, respectively.The Paisley Violin is now firmly  entrenched on my list of cool, reasonable and unique places to grab lunch and to take visitors from out of town.
Worst tortilla soup I have ever it tasted it was like a hot bowl of salsa plain and simple. If I would have been given chips I may have eaten it. The server was really cute and attentive but she had no clue what to suggest for a non meat eater I was struggling to find anything appealling here. She finally suggested a salad. It was good it had candied walnuts and dried cranberries w goat cheese on it but by the time I got it everyone had eaten and I stole a bunch of their fries so I couldnt eat the whole colassal salad. I just read Dallas' review I wish the girl would have suggested their veg burger sad. I might go back if I had to. I used to live at Zipps years ago but mainly for the football and booze not the food meh.
Ate here a few times since 2004.  Haven't been in many, many months.  Love all but one of the pasties I've tried, thus far.  Great to know that you can call ahead to custom-order!  Also, you may call ahead and have your order started so that it's ready by the time you arrive!  (It took one of my pasties 50 minutes' preparation and cook time from phone call to my table!)Best to order a few and share!  Keep in mind, one of these pasties could contain up to 1200 calories or more!  One word: BUTTER.  Vegan pasties are also available, but you must call ahead to have them made.
God this place just boggles, you walk in to a store area filled with things no one could possibly want, but they do. That is the first boggle, on to boggle number two. The restaurant it self, it is outfitted like I guess you are at an indoor picnic. Boggle number three, the food. Well this place serves a variety of things one might want to eat if they had flavour, but everything tastes like it came from the same can. The final boggle, why is the place so crowded?
Fox restaurants typically are delicious, but people like myself and other Yelpers are weary of chain restaurants and although this is the only arrogant butcher and not a chain like Sauce or True Food its easy to lump it together into a "chain restaurant motif" being a Fox restaurant.  Fact of the matter is that's not fair, this unlike a quick in and out concept like Sauce, its a sit down restaurant that turns out to be excellent.   I've read reviews where people were disappointed with the quality, I think those people just drove out of there way maybe living in the west valley or something and amp'ed it up too highly, kinda like when you see a movie and it sucks then its better the next time.  Either way I've been here 3 times and every time had a delicious meal every time.  One thing that's really cool about this restaurant is that they give you an "antipasto" menu that looks like a sushi bar menu (single sheet of papter you can mark on with a pencil) full of various cheeses, meats and extras (grilled asparagus, olives, elephant garlic, $1 mussels, etc.) this allows you to get your appetizers going right away.  Whats great about this is not only the concept but the meats and cheeses are high quality and come with bread and jam that's honestly to die for, so delicious!  I could go for the antipasto menu alone.  To eat I've tried the turkey sloppy joe, which sounds dumb, in defense of the sandwich first off it was lunch and it came with a grilled poblano chili on top, it was amazing.  I've also for dinner tried the sweet baked potato tortellini (excellent) and my favorite thing so far which I will re order is the beef short rib stew with green chiles, fried egg, cornbread.  The flavor with the egg is mindbogglingly awesome and the cornbread is fresh, moist and delicious.  I've never had a bad meal and/or experience here, after here (as far as other bars @ citiscape) is a different story because I have an alcohol problem :)
My three stars are for the food only.  The food was good.  Service, on the other hand, was not so hot.  We were seated promptly and then no one came to even take a drink order for almost 10 minutes.  My daughter sat happily coloring.  One thing about this location that I noticed.....the tables seem to be right on top of one another.  The women sitting next to us looked irrated that a child was now sharing her seat.  The guys on the other side of us were using bad language in their conversation. I don't mind being seated close to others but others mind when you bring a child into the mix.  In my opinion we should have been seated at a table that was not so close to others or close to the other children that were there.  After 10 minutes our server finally showed and apologized for the wait.  He took our order and the food arrived fairly quickly.  My daughter loves the pasta here and I had the Chicken Del Sol.  This is like a southwest chicken stew and it was very good.  Flavorful and filling.  Again the ice tea here is the best!  I could drink a gallon of it.   And our server was kind enough to give me a to go cup with a refill and he refilled my daughter lemonade as well.  This location could use some work, in my opinon.  The front doors look very worn and the interior here needs some sprucing up.  And maybe some reaargement of the tables too.
i feel like when looking for restaurants on here, if i see a three star place i'm likely to avoid it. i had a very good experience here though.a friend and i were actually looking for a different mexican restaurant, one she tried to go to on a sunday and monday, the only two days they are closed, and when we arrived on saturday evening, we found a sign saying they have moved from phoenix to mesa.  clearly not destined to patronize that restaurant.  anyway, we'd passed the sign for this tiny strip mall restaurant and decided to head back and give an unknown place a try. the atmosphere is pretty generic, there are both booths and tables and some typical mexican decoration. doesn't transport me to a mexican pueblo, but it's not a tourist trap either so i was pretty comfortable.  after a quick scan of the menu my friend decided on the green chili burrito smothered with cheese and plated with beans and rice. ($6.75) i went for the chiles rellenos with rice and beans. ($9.25)we ate some average tortilla chips with some super spicy red chili salsa and though our meals were out in record time we got a free refill of the chips when we drained the first bowl. my chiles rellenos were excellent.  dark green chiles lightly breaded, filled to the brim with white cheese and smothered in a spicy green sauce with some extra cheese on top. rice tasted like it had been cooked in beef broth and the beans were definitely cooked with a ham bone.  i'm a vegetarian so i had to skip those but there were two big chiles and i got hot fluffy corn tortillas so i didn't need the sides anyway. (but $9.25 is a little steep for what i was able to eat) Kate started to dig into her plated burrito when she realized that it was not a 'green chile burrito' but a pork burrito with green chile sauce.  she's not a vegetarian, and is literally the calmest and nicest person i've ever met, but she was pissed. she didn't send it back under the pretenses of false advertising, which she probably should have, but she was really annoyed and even as we were leaving she commented that she would never go back to a place that doesn't label their menu items correctly. so on the one hand i would go back there in a heartbeat, quick service, good food and for the most part decent prices, kate would list it on a top ten places to avoid list. i would say if you're on baseline and you want something that doesn't pander to gringo's head over to el mesquite and give it a try.
I should have knelt and prayed before I sat but there was a candle burning to indicate the special solemnity of the occasion. I decided to take the kids here to test their pallets. A glass of red and their finest meal.The building is a perfect fusion of historic red Phoenix brick and Aaron Chamberlin modernism transformation. Our waiter Taylor was very attentive, pleasant and helpful. I believe we shall see him someday on Master Chief or possibly working his oven in chief whites.For me, Truchard Pinot. Napa Valley, 13/48. A dry medium body with a plush finish, or what I would simply describe as "The Blood of Christ." With that came the prime hanger steak, whipped potatoes, farm vegetables, pine nut lemon relish and a wine sauce, 24. This meat has an intense flavor making it an ideal choice. The seasonal vegetables were excellent and the saucy spectacle accessorizing this steak vanished quickly.My daughter had the roasted salmon, red quinoa, avocado, soy beans, radish, with sweet chili vinaigrette, 22. She loved everything but the quinoa. I took a few bites of the edible seed and loved it. It actually looked like purple rice and taste like cereal.The oldest boy got the heirloom tomato and cumber salad, peppers, red onions, zinfandel wine vinaigrette [no wonder he loved his salad], goat cheese which he said "what's that" and the pine nuts, 10. He couldn't do the yellow tomatoes ether, I loved them.And the baby got the free hamburger. It was shockingly huge. I had to cut it in half. Came with fries, so yum! I believe, in this communal house even Deus would simply say "Divine."
This place is no longer in business. Sad to see it go.
My friends and I loved the parlor from the moment we walked in the door.  The whole restaurant is amazing but some of my favorite things were the raised vegetable garden next to the front door, the bar with beauty parlor chairs, and the "men" and "women" cutouts in the bathroom door.Aside from being pretty the parlor serves up good food too!  I ordered the pizza of the day, which was an amazing combination of peaches and pruchuitto.  My friends and I also shared a cesar salad and a yummy cheesy cauliflower appetizer.  Our service was just right.  I will go back again.
Well, that girl we all know that is "Always Fresh" and "Always Juicy" is hanging out here at Terminal 2 at Sky Harbor Airport. (Isn't that conflicting images? Just Sayin'!)No, she isn't waiting to meet a Pilot sugar daddy. She is here to give him some of her hot goodness. Dave's little girl is all grown up now, even though she still has freckles and pigtails. Of course I am talking about Wendy. Who did you think I was talking about?When I lived here in the Valley of the Sun 6 years ago, this Terminal was pretty sad, old and tired. But they have done their best to update it, and add more fast food choices, like Wendy's. I haven't tasted Wendy's Hot and Juicy offerings in a long time. They now have many breakfast combos including an attempted upscale sausage egg melt panini. They also have what the military would call S.O.S, or commonly known as "Sh*t On a Shingle" (Creamed chipped beef on toast). But here it is on their biscuit, true to there southern image, although I believe their HQ is in suburban Ohio. They have several SOS type options, including sausage and chicken.I tried the $4.59 2 sausage and egg burrito combo. It sounds like a great deal until you realize  that the burritos are about the size of a Milky Way bar. Still, like Wendy, they were Fresh and Juicy.
I did go mainly because the coupon I got by mail. The coupon served it purpose! Starting from dark warm bread (YES), then to the appetizer (we had the home made potato chips) and finally to our main course. I ordered the prime rib eye with salad and cream spinach. The taste was good, not covered with annoying sauces or similar. To finish we had the desert included, but we had to take that home as it was too much. It is not that cheap for students budget, but once in a while it is good to have a good steak.
The Monday Night Pork Chop Special (MNPCS) was really good, as were the mashed potatoes! My mates tried the Turkey Ruben and the Club Sandwich - both were said to be quite edible...This is a very affordable dinner for the old town area. I saw what looked to be several "regulars" hanging at the bar.Karsen's will also deliver to several local bars that don't serve food! (J Chew, Rusty Spur, Patties...) Also note that this place is TINY.http://www.manta.com/coms2/dnbcompany_035ff3
Umm, made from scratch Sloppy Joes and fancy Mac and Cheese?? Pshh, you had me at Sloppy baby...The fact that there are any sub-par reviews of this place shocks the hell out of me. I had my third meal at District last night, and just like my previous two, it was spectacular.In the business of full disclosure, my friend and I were going to try Moira for the first time, but alas it was closed, and obviously a sign because we stumbled a few blocks further south to District and had quite the satisfying meal.We walked in about 6:45, and I'm sad to report the place was empty.  We took a seat at a cocktail table in the bar area so I could watch the hockey game (seriously, I am a dream date) and perused the bar menu. A nicely mannered waitress approached us almost immediately and remained attentive and helpful throughout our entire meal.The coolest thing about the bar menu was their new take on the pairing menu.  No longer do you have to be a wine conosseur to enjoy the Chef's special menu.  District offers three separate 3 course tasting menus, one featuring a wine pairing, one featuring a cocktail pairing, and one featuring a beer pairing all for between $12 and $14!  I mean, how cool is that?  I challenge you to find a better bargain for such high-quality fare complete with booze...give it up, you can't, I've looked.  If you don't know already, District offers about 10 or 12 different Microbrews on tap an obvious plus for a beer drinker like myself.Being the difficult diner that I am, I asked for the Sloppy Joe Sliders off the beer pairing menu so I could get a couple other small things and try a bunch.  Yes, I am an adult, and no, I can't not order a Sloppy Joe when it is featured on a menu, I'm sorry, I just can't.And thank goodness I lack that sense of propriety because the Sloppy Joe Sliders were freaking fantastic!! 3 perfectly sized mini toasted buns filled with possibly the best, spiciest Sloppy Joes I have ever eaten. Seriously, I sucked down my Apricot Ale seemingly in seconds thanks to the District's take on this classic!  Just don't tell my Mom, she still convinced I'm quite fond of her Mamwich Joes...I also had to get a side of their Andouille infused Macaroni and Cheese, another embarrassing thing that I just can't not order if it's offered on a menu, and it did not disappoint.  Cheezy, creamy, gooey perfection. My only complaint is that I was so full from my Joes I barely made a dent in my Mac n Cheese...alas, there's always next time.My dining companion ordered what must have been the biggest freaking burger I have ever seen, but to be honest I did not really look or care because I was far too enamored with my meal to be distracted by anything else.All in all, I had a spectacular meal at the District, from beginning to end.  If you haven't checked out this gem at the new Downtown Sheraton, do yourself a favor, you'll be in for a treat.
I know, I know I'm late to the party, but Hey, this place is Hell and gone from me. We arrived about and hour before closing so the place was pretty empty, but I really loved the the vibe, it was hip and modern and also very clean. I ordered the Vegan Mushroom & Spinach Scramble which was Tofu scramble with sauteed mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes and spinach. Served with sweet potato hash & toast. I LOVE a good Tofu scramble, this was one was pretty good, my only complaint was it could have used more flavor the Tofu was pretty bland. The Hash was delicious and spiked with rosemary, mushrooms, zucchini and onions. High marks for serving Vegan Stuff, but honestly don't see myself making the trek back anytime soon, not because I didn't like it, but simply because it's not practical to drive that far for breakfast.
I HAVE FALLEN IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE!I go on my way to work, and just love all the different smoothies that they have.  I think I have almost had everyone on the menu and I love adding the extra goodies like Spirulina or Whey Protein.  The person who owns it and their staff are hard working and put alot of effort into there stuff and you can taste the results.Every sandwich on the menu is entertaining and not boring or the same ol same ol.  The bread used on the sandwiches is very fresh and soft as well.  The flatbead sandwichs are good too.My favorite is the island combo where you can get half a sandwich and a smoothie for 6 bucks.  Just awesome.oh, and also pick up a club card.  I have gotten a few free smoothies already.
I've eaten here way too many times. I still like it once a month now. I have been weaned off my edible crack, however I can and will have that relapse. I suggest the Orange Chicken. Damn good cheesecake!The specials never change. I never order them.I will eat at least 2 baskets of their wheat bread.
On the same day we went to Matt's I found myself back downtown in the early afternoon.  It was Cartel's grand opening or so I had heard on Twitter.  I pulled right up and walked in.  The guys behind the counter were friendly and helpful.  One of them made me the creamiest mocha I have ever had.  It was delish!!  I would have licked the bottom of the cup but my manners wouldn't let me.  They has snacks out too.  I had a delicious scone with my mocha.  And then, I found out that they were giving free 15 minute massages.  I was there!Chris, the massage therapist, was great.  He was so professional and answered some of my questions.  So I walked out of Cartel feeling refreshed and ready to go to my next stop.  Thanks Cartel!
My first trip was for lunch. My waiter sold me on the Lunch Special (fried shrimp and crab cakes with pineapple salsa, (see pics)$ 15 But I Love quiche so I had to order that too (see pics) $10 Thank God I ordered both, these were smaller than appetizers, I was told that Lunch had full size portions? O well I guess~ at least it was really good.~ Although I did have a problem with the shrimp, it tasted like cleaner, they brought me a couple more crab-cakes instead. side note*= tables have no salt, pepper or sweeteners, I ordered an ice tea and still was not offered any sugar.Second trip Brunch= I had already made reservations for brunch prior to my first visit. So here we are again no salt and pepper or sweeteners, there was 3 of us and only two table setting up until right before our food came out. Ordered Ice tea and still had to ask for sweeteners. What we ordered: Ham and biscuits=Fresh Baked Biscuits, Virginia Ham, Poached Eggs, Champagne Hollandaise (see pics) $12The "ham" was not ham but extremely cheap and salty prosciutto, I put it aside, the rest was quite good although rather tiny. I informed the waiter , he comes back with the chefs apologies and some lame excuse saying "well its American prosciutto that's why we call it ham" WTH the menu says Virginia ham? Virginia Ham Monte Cristo=Edwards and Sons Ham, Sourdough French Toast, Swiss Cheese (see pics) $11. Very Good, probably the best thing between us all and it had the ham that it described. Sunny Side Up Eggs=Organic Eggs, Smoked Bacon, Hash Browns (see pics) $9This was not on the kids menu by the way and very sadly it was served with Denny's hash-browns, this is a fancier restaurant shouldn't those be taboo?? Buttermilk Pancakes=House-made Butter, Fig and Peach Syrup (see pics) $10They tasted good but that does not make up for the fact that they were served with NO BUTTER and COLD SYRUP and a little burnt as you can see!!!Let me sum it all up for you: Ham and biscuits................. $12Virginia Ham Monte Cristo.....$11Sunny Side Up Eggs............$9Buttermilk Pancakes...........$10 Having to go somewhere else for breakfast after brunch..........PRICELESS!!! I really have mixed feelings about this place, because the food is quite good but really overpriced for the portion size. I mean I do go to a restaurant to EAT for God's Sake!It might be cheaper to invest in a Lap Band Surgery than to try and go here and get full.I have to go with 2.5 stars
The name makes my mouth water.  Matts Big Breakfast.  Quality food, this location will make you proud of what downtown phoenix has to offer and what is to Come.  From the vegetables to the meat selection hand picked food creates quality dishes.    This location serves a  big breakfast in a small place. I look forward to seeing this place grow, do i hear patio?
I thought all was lost in Scottsdale, how could we be living so close to Mexico and not have a descent Mexican restaurant and then I found Los Sombreros. My goodness the food is amazing, the margaritas, to die for. The entire staff was extremely helpful. They just cant go wrong. I have only been there twice and both times I was thoroughly impressed. I had the Enchiladas de pollo my first time, delicious, and my dining partner had the Mole Poblano (He's from Mexico City and he said its one of the best mole hes had in the states) Second time around I had the Tacos dorados, and a few appetizers, the guacamole and the Tortilla soup are a must, they are outrageously awesome. The only down side is it can get pretty warm inside, we ask to move outside to the misted patio and were completely comfortable.
After stopping in at La Bocca and Z Tejas for a drink and appetizer, my husband, sister (who was in town for the weekend), and I decided to stop at Ra for a few sushi dishes and drinks. We sat at a high table in the bar area. Our server was friendly enough at first, although, as I'll explain below, she turned out to be really rude and unprofessional. The music was definitely loud, but I do think that the atmosphere here is great if you're in the mood to be out and about and around a lot of people. I wouldn't choose it for a romantic, conversation-focused outing, but it's not a bad place to take an out-of-town guest for a night out or to have an energetic night with friends. Since I was driving, I just had water. My husband and my sister ordered 2 of the specialty cocktails, which came quickly enough but were ridiculously sweet and weak. If you like drinks with some substance to them, I'd suggest ordered a regular mixed drink and not one of their specialty drinks, even if the cheesy names like "Effen It In the Raw" call out to you. For food, we ordered the lobster spring rolls, crispy spicy tuna roll, and the yellowtail sashimi. The fish was definitely fresh, but the portions were ridiculously small. The lobster spring rolls were actually really good, and you get a decent amount of lobster meat for the price ($9.75). We were planning to go to Final Round (a bar in South Tempe that has karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays) after, so we were thinking about leaving after we finished our appetizers, but my sister was still hungry, so we asked our server if we could take another look at the menu. She brought us the menu, but we quickly realized that we were full, so we told her that we were ready for the check. She all of a sudden got an attitude and just snatched the menu and walked away. We were sitting in the bar area precisely because we weren't planning on ordering a lot, and we didn't appreciate her attitude. We paid and left, but my sister then realized that she might have left her debit card in the check presenter. When she went back to look, the hostess was really ditzy and rude about it and didn't even offer proactively to talk to our server about the card. My sister had to ask her if she could go find our server to help us. When my sister asked our server if she had seen it, she was really rude and snapped that she hadn't seen it. My sister asked nicely if the server could take a look in the check presenters, and instead of being helpful and kind in a situation that was obviously stressful, she stomped over, grabbed the check presenter with our check copy inside and shook it out, stating "See? It's not here!" I understand that a restaurant like Ra is busy on a Friday night, but that didn't excuse rude or snappy service with an attitude, especially when it came to something serious. Decent sushi and appetizers and fun atmosphere weigh in Ra's favor. Small portions, sickeningly sweet drinks, and full-of-it service send its rating right back down to 3 stars.
Wow! Just wow! Totally worth the cost of all you can eat. The sushi was my favorite and the entire reason I will return and recommend anyone who doesn't like buffets to give this place a try. It's definitely not the average buffet with hit or miss options. The spread was amazing with crab legs, oysters, tons of dessert. Kid friendly selections as well. Our waitress was very nice and we even used the $5 off yelp check in coupon.
Came here yet again for happy hour and to check out some flamenco dancing (they offer it every Wednesday evening) and it was beyond amazing. The sangria was so-so ... a little too sweet for my taste. I stuck to my jack and cokes... and was truly moved by the flamenco performances. The place was packed - so if you want to check out the dancing come around 630 or so. Made me proud to live in the southwest. Ole!!!!
Ever since I moved here from the OC (where I've been super spoiled when it comes to good Pho)...I've been on an unsuccessful quest to find good Pho.  Pho is not something I want to eat on a regular basis...but there are days when I just want a good bowl of Pho and it's frustrating when I have to drive around and settle for something mediocre.I wanted to come here about a month back but they were closed on the day I wanted to come (again, I was having some Pho craving issues).  But today was my lucky day because all the stars lined up and here we are at Pho Van!  Walking in, the restaurant felt really open, clean and inviting.  The people running the place were friendly and attentive.  I did notice prices were a little on the high side for a Pho joint.We got the Pho Dac Biet and found the broth steaming hot and perfectly seasoned.  There was plenty of noodles and ample amount of meat w/a nice dish of very fresh herbs & veggies.  The only thing I wasn't thrilled w/was the obvious lack of tripe (which was my favorite thing in the Pho)...I didn't really find any and I had to read the menu again to be sure that it was included as part of the description.  The second thing I wasn't impressed w/was the beef/meatballs...they were kinda on the hard & dense side and wasn't plump & juicy.We also got the house special Bun Rieu...and again, the broth was steaming hot and perfectly seasoned and tasty.  I was also pleasantly surprised to see escargot (which I love) in it...even if it was on the chewy side (lucky for me, I'm okay w/my escargots being chewy...although the boyfriend didn't care for them that way).  One thing that prevented this bowl from getting 5 stars is the shrimp cakes/dumplings in this noodle (which is suppose to be the highlight of the meal) was completely lacking in shrimps...it was disappointingly made up mostly of ground pork w/just a hint of shrimp.Maybe I'm just being really particular because I've searched and waited so long for a restaurant w/this much promise to come along.  Overall, the food was really good and I would def go back and I do highly recommend this place to friends and family.
The rumors don't lie - come to Roaring Fork and get the Green Chili Mac & Cheese. You can't make mac & cheese like this at home (yes I have spent the last hour googling for it and by all accounts, every food blogger fails to replicate it at home). The sauce is perfectly velvety smooth with a bright spicy flavor (and bright green color) and a lovely crunchy breadcrumb topping. It is perfection and it's served in the cutest little skillet. Everything else we had wasn't as good, but still worth mentioning. For vegetarians (like me) you can pick an assortment of sides and they'll serve it all together on a plate with some stuff mixed into hollowed out tomatoes.- Mexican Street Corn: I was expecting corn on the cob on a stick covered in mayo and cheese, but was pleasantly surprised to receive a very flavorful corn off the cob. The corn was fire roasted and mixed with yummy cilantro and garlic. It was quite delicious and I would recommend this side dish to anyone.- Black Bean Puree: Awesome. They used cumin quite liberally in this dish so it was very flavorful. Even my boyfriend, who up until this meal claimed to dislike beans, liked it.- Green Chili Mac & Cheese: See introduction. You must get this dish!- Roasted Vegetables: A misnomer. They were steamed/sauteed vegetables and were fine. I was expecting a deep roasted flavor so it was a little disappointing to just get steamed squash, but that's okay.- Fish Tacos: My boyfriend's mom got these and liked them a lot. She said the dish was very fresh and the pesto sauce was a unique and yummy addition to regular fish tacos.- Fried Chicken: My boyfriend ordered this and liked it, His mashed potatoes were delicious.- Huckleberry Margarita: A fun concept. It's a regular frozen margarita with a jam-like puree of huckleberry that you mix together. I liked them a lot but perhaps ordered too many because I felt a little hungover later.- Huckleberry Bread Pudding: Amazing bread pudding! Roaring Fork probably uses some type of cake bread (maybe pound cake?) because the bread pudding was so soft and silky and tasted very strong of birthday cake (in the best possible way). The berry flavor wasn't really there but added a nice pop to a few bites. The vanilla ice cream served with it had a very strong french vanilla taste which went perfectly with the birthday cake-tasting bread pudding. Yummy!I would highly recommend bringing out of towners here (it has a fun southwestern/cowboy vibe, fancied up) or coming on a date. The food is quite good and reasonably priced for a James Beard award winning chef.
This locally owned deli is awesome!  Thank you, Amy D, for introducing me to Lunch 'N Go as I would never have found it without you!  It's hiding in the commercial buildings in the Scottsdale airpark, but it's worth checking out... The Polish family that owns and runs the place could not be sweeter.  The  menu is huge and they offer pretty much any sandwich or salad you can think of... I went with the 'Nutty Honey' salad... yum!  It was a really big portion consisting of fresh, crisp greens topped with their special chicken salad (great texture and sweetened with honey + topped with cashews) and tomato and cucumber.  I had them add a 1/4 avocado and ordered the honey mustard dressing that was delicious!The sandwiches look awesome and they had a ton of sides to choose from too.  Prices are pretty good and they do a large amount of delivery business.  If you work in the area, take advantage of that... if you don't, make a trip and check this place out - it's worth it!Sidenote - tell the owner you're friends with Amy D... and if you really want to impress her, PM Amy for an appropriate Polish phrase as well!
My pregnant wife (The Vessel) demands pancakes on Sundays and after each Dr visit. She seems to be booking a lot of Dr visits.As usual, Original Pancake House (OPH) was f'ing packed. Too hot to wait outside. We've driven/biked past Bacon a few 100 times since we live close by and kept meaning to try it. Unlike most times we try someplace new, we decided to forego Yelp first and not pre-taint our experience. With a name like Bacon, we knew the reviews would be polarized, regardless of what the place was like.AMBIANCEIt's late June and summer has finally kicked in with a vengeance. A little freaked out that 2 of the 4 walls were opened to the outside, when it was hot as balls. But once inside, instantly charmed. It's like you're transported to a little breakfast joint in Sonoma. Comfy, clean, spacious, modern, homey, welcoming... unexpected in Old Town. Looked like some money was put into it; yet retained a one-off feel, as opposed to a corporate smell. Lots of real wood, chalkboard paint, galvanized metal and food service sized cans on display. I hope the AC bill doesn't put them out of business.SERVICEThe young staff was attentive, friendly and timely. They engaged as much as you cared too, but weren't heavily scripted. Not completely relaxed and smooth like only years of food life can bring, but competent.FOODEggs Benedict is my benchmark for my first time at any breakfast place. Although the menu had tons of things I look forward to exploring, I had to benchmark it. Apparently they were out of canadian bacon, so they subbed a delicious slab of grilled country ham. The scale was a bit off, heavy on the ham side, but it was fantastic breakfast ham and the Benedict was excellent. You could actually taste the English Muffin and it was perfectly toasted. Great, from scratch Hollandaise, not too tart or salty.The Vessel's French Toast was excellent too. Warm blueberry sauce was the clincher. And the side of bacon was perfect, meaty and balanced between sweet and salty. Definitely cooked to order in our case it wasn't dried out.The home fries were unlike anything I've had for breakfast. Almost like oven-roasted potatoes you'd get with a pork roast. Loved em.BOTTOM LINENow after reading the previous reviews, it seems as if the appropriate asses were kicked or replaced. Everything was competent at a minimum, and mostly excellent. Great to welcome a cool, fresh, inviting breakfast joint to Old Town, since OPH is obscenely busy whenever we want to go, Breakfast Club is obscenely mediocre now and the other alternatives are either corporate or suck.Looking forward to exploring the menu. And since they have a full bar that can take advantage of how the place opens up, they are going to be open at night once the weather gets nicer.  Yay, drunk biking.Thanks Bacon! Thanks for transporting us outside of nuclear hot summertime Scottsdale. Until Cafe Monarch reopens in the Fall, you might just be our sole go-to breakfast spot in Scottsdale :-D
Have you ever been riding along and a place catches your eye and for whatever reason you can't stop but vow to return to that place one day? Mandy's was that place for me. Right off the light rail stop at 24th Street, I was continually passing it by on my commute from Mesa to Downtown Phoenix and back again.When a friend of mine at work had yet to experience the light rail, I knew a perfect opportunity for her to ride it would be an excursion for lunch and Mandy's would be the ideal place for us to go. Believe me, Ms. Mandy did NOT dissapoint. Almost everything there is fresh and homemade.  The fish was tasty and not greasy and the tartar sauce was chunky and creamy. The cocktail sauce was a tad vinegary for my liking, but it had good flavor.The only thing that I think would take this place to the next level and give it an extra star is some hand cut fresh 'chips' because while cooked well, you can tell they came out of a bag. I'll definitely be returning and bringing friends with me next time!
We entered Sleepy dog at around 9:30 it was really empty in the place I sat at the bar and ordered a sampler this is by far the largest sampler I have ever had at a brewery...  I finished the sampler and ordered a Red Rover my favorite beer... They have free popcorn and you can play board games at the bar I said Yahtzee anyone now I am drinking great craft beer and playing Yahtzee by this time the place is packed... They have a cool wheel you can spin for a buck to win drinks or money off drinks let's say I could not drink all I won lol... Plus they have a really cool TV that they will post pictures of your dog if you email it to them... I just think it's an all-around cool place to chill plus I always want to support the underdog.
It's hard to write a review for a restaurant that is loved by so many others as an Elite Yelper, and have to give it a "Meh" review. Cibo initially won me over with its great atmosphere, fantastic hosts and delicious appetizers, but it did not last. Be prepared for a lengthy review because I'd really like to describe my experience in full.I wound up at Cibo with a decent-sized group (12 total, I believe), and everything started off great; the drinks began flowing and the appetizer was being passed around for all to share. The process for ordering was a little slow, but busy Friday night, large table...no biggie. I completely understood, and we kept ourselves busy with conversation. After a bit we got our entrée orders in and everyone went with pizzas, and not 10 minutes later, they began to arrive.Now, being the first visit for me, I decided to ask for recommendations. That's just what I like to do because I like to hear a server get really excited about one of their favorite dishes. For the white pizzas, our server suggested the Di Notte. I was instantly sold, so much so that I asked for a suggestion on the red pizzas. He then mentioned the Capricciosa, and after a brief chat between him, my girlfriend and myself (Important Note: about the artichokes on the pizza), I told him that we'd take it.Going back to the arrival of the pizzas...they came out staggered, which made sense since there is only one pizza oven. We all began sharing as each pie came out, and life was good. First we got our Di Notte (a delicious mix of cheese and spicy salami) which was cooked perfectly and tasted great! A little later, after other pie orders began filling the table, came a vegetarian. The runners are slammed, and they just call out the names of the pizzas and wait for a hand to be raised. Not really hearing the name correctly, I asked if that was the pizza with the artichokes. The runner said yes, and I took the pizza (Note: I was the only one at the table that had artichokes on my pizza). This all brings me to the most awkward moment at a restaurant for me in a very long time. We decided to wait on touching the vegetarian pizza because we thought the runner just delivered to the wrong table. It happens, and I was totally ready to hand that pie over unscathed. But when our server came back and I mentioned the potential mistake, he told me that was what I ordered and continued to repeat it over and over. This was an embarrassing situation mostly because I took HIS recommendation because it was my first visit, and we had never even mentioned the "Vegetariana," and because during the conversation we were having the whole table fell silent (funny little extra - the musician just started his break as well...complete silence). He caused a scene even after I had told him it was alright and we'd just take the pizza because it was a mistake. I tried not to place any blame and talked to him with a "this happens" kind of demeanor, but he insisted that that's what we ordered...PLUS he said that he specifically remembered us ordering that because we weren't interested in artichokes. Guess what's on the Vegetariana, folks? Yep. Artichokes. A whole fourth of the pizza was covered in them (I love artichokes, by the way. This posed no problem.). Once that was pointed out, instead of any sort of apology, he decided to explain how the artichokes were only on one "quadrant" of the pizza. C'mon now...I can see a bullshitter, and that was just blatant. It's ridiculous to claim that we ordered a different pizza because of one particular ingredient only to order another with the SAME ingredient. I hope you, the reader, is understanding the uncomfortable situation that I was in because it was a weird one. I kind of couldn't wait to get out of there for the remainder of the dinner.That all being said, the woman at the cash bar, Melissa, was great, and she really made an effort to make our table feel a little more comfortable after the whole incident. I hope the owner of Cibo can take note of that because it wasn't really her job, but she was sweet, personable and took it upon herself to feel embarrassed and responsible for our server.My first trip to Cibo was a bust, and it's really hard to want to make a return visit, but in time I'm sure I will. I can't let one bad experience dictate how I completely feel about such a beloved local restaurant. Sorry for the length, but I hope this review can be of help to someone. The food and the atmosphere was good, but my experience with the service totally overshadowed them.
The phrase "Guy ate here" seems to be popping up quite a bit around the Valley.On the hunt for some great Italian food, it's no surprise that Guy Fieri, of the Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, found La Piazza Al Forno, one of downtown Glendale's independent eateries.If you've never been to downtown Glendale, it has a certain untouched-by-progress charm that's worth seeking out. There are antique and gift shops, historic homes and a choice of interesting places to eat.Owned by chef Justin Piazza, La Piazza is all about comfort Italian. The menu might be small but it packs a wallop, offering a range of pizzas, pasta and a handful of salads. I went hog wild because there were so many things that I wanted to try, and at their low prices I indulged.Might as well start with something light, like the Spinach Salad ($8), which is covered in a warm bacon vinaigrette and topped with feta cheese. The spinach was super fresh, showing the commitment to the best and newly picked ingredients. Considering the meager cost of this huge salad shared by two hefty eaters there is some serious value to be had here.Antipasti offerings are kept simple, with only a handful of choices, but one caught my eye. I was elated with each bite of Fried Ravioli ($8.50). Breaking through the crispy pasta revealed an inside filled with a molten cheesy heaven. This come with a side of tomato sauce for dipping and once you get started with these bad boys, it's hard to stop.Based on the name alone, anything called Spaghetti Pie ($9) is worth ordering. So I was tickled when the massive slab of baked spaghetti resembling a brick was set onto the table. Spaghetti was layered with cheese and finished with a tomato sauce cream sauce that was so satisfying. The spaghetti pie was a daily special, but from other visits it's pretty normal to see it featured.Their pizzas are baked in a wood-burning oven. Preparation takes only a few minutes and the intense heat slightly chars and crisps the pizzas. The Italian Stallion ($16), in all of its meaty goodness, is covered with fresh mozzarella, pepperoni, sausage, prosciutto and sopressata. For some, all of this meat might sound excessive, but the distribution and amount create a balance of cheese, meat and crust, making each chewy bite a pleasure.Guy Fieri has taste you can trust, proving himself once again with La Piazza al Forno. During peak dinner hours there will be a line out the door. If you want to avoid this, go for lunch the odds are you'll be seated right away.
Came here for dinner and was satisfied with my meal.  At 8:30 PM I was the only one in the restaurant so that was pretty odd. I got some lamb vindaloo, garlic naan and a lager. The lamb was good but a little on the tough side and the vindaloo was nice and spicy as I wanted. rice wasn't included in the dish which was somewhat of a letdown considering the vindaloo itself was not on the bargain side of pricing. But overall the waitstaff was good  and the food was satisfying. Would definitely eat here again if in the area and needed a hit of Indian.
I really enjoy the concept of Asian Tapas. Sens is in a nice location, definitely has a hip vibe to the place with the art work and music. We walked in on a Friday night and were sat within 3 minutes. The cocktail menu is very thoughtful and full of signature martinis and geographic specific beers. Between the two of us we had 10 plates, including dessert. The high lights were the Sugar cane pork, Pork and wasabi dumplings and the quail. They are small plates, and for most, I'd recommend this place as an appetizer stop, may not want to bank on getting entirely fed. It is an intimate place with thoughtful drinks and cuisine.. I recommend it to all.
Ice Cream Cookie. Three words that are near and dear to my heart. What makes this delectable treat from Churn so special? They are made to order, and you can create your own combination from their assortment of ice cream and cookie flavors (made fresh daily)! Overwhelmed by the possibilities, I fell back on the fondly familiar and went with vanilla bean ice cream embraced by a chocolate chip and a double chocolate chip cookie. Oh yes!  Served in a cute cup (hey, the good stuff can get messy), it was the perfect treat for a warm Saturday afternoon.  Big enough for sharing, too!I was so enamored by my dessert that I probably didn't pay close enough attention to all of the other wonderful things Churn has to offer. To me, that is a perfect excuse to go back... soon!
This place is a solid, good, and rather typical Mexican restaurant:  The margaritas are good, fair priced, and also come in pitchers, the decor is slightly tacky, when you are seated you get fresh chips and salsa, and everybody seems to be on 'island time'.  The one thing that really does it for me at Frank & Lupe's Old Mexico is the patio!  That is why I keep coming back.  I should also mention I think 'Frank and Lupe's' is a cool name and fun to say.  If you are in a hurry don't come here, but if you want to lounge on the patio and have a leisurely lunch with a margarita in Old Town, well then, Frank and Lupe's is your place!
I'm loving the Cochata so much that I swung by twice this past weekend. Whoever came up with this coffee and horchata concoction is a genius.Now I only wish America offered a soyrizo breakfast burrito. Will you please do this for me and all the soyrizo lovers in the Melrose? Thanks in advance.
I used to like blue wasabi.Admittedly, I liked other sushi places better.  Blue wasabi was more of a drinking place with decent sushi, and I don't mean decent like not indecent--I mean decent like eh, it was decent.this place has the acoustics of a mess hall.  annoying. but what really annoyed me was this:one time I was there with wife and in-laws, and because I have a ridiculously sensitive palate (at least when it comes to salt) I noticed right away that there was some foul shit happening with the soy sauce.  By foul shit, I mean that they were serving the low sodium version.  *pauses for ensuing outrage*Now they serve their soy sauce in little innocuous looking devices that don't come with the courtesy of a green or red lid.  What this means is that innocent people were unwittingly eating low sodium soy sauce.  Which is punishable by law, or divine retribution when "kingdom" finally "comes."  anyway....So I ask for the manager, and say: "is this low sodium soy sauce?" And he says: "Yes."  And I say: "Can I please have some *real* soy sauce?" And he says: "we don't serve anything but low sodium soy sauce."One fucking star, and be glad you got even that.  You should be embarrassed.
We stopped by here for drinks one evening after pizza at Humble Pie.  Gary and I were entertaining a French guest.  It's pretty snazzy inside!  We only had drinks, but I'll definitely be back for dinner. We went specifically for absinthe.  Our awesome bartender, the bald guy from Seattle (I can't believe I forgot his name), gave us quite the informative lesson on the lovely absinthe.  Then, we learned more from the manager...It was the first time either of us had had it.  They have three kinds, that were equally amazing.  When they were having their second glass, I decided to have a drink called 'Hemingway's Muse', champagne and a shot of absinthe. It was heavenly.Gary and  I are now HUGE fans of absinthe.  We went out and bought a bottle the next day.  We've made all sorts of interesting concoctions with it, including an absinthe milkshake! ha!We made friends with everyone around us... and everyone was also drinking absinthe!!!  Go try it, and make sure to sign the book!
This is really good Mexican food on a budget. The decor is standard, the service is wonderful, and the food is amazing. I have been to this location several times and have been pleased with everything I have ever ordered. The tostadas and the chimichingas really stand out in my memory.Their chips and salsa are some of the best I have tasted.
This review is about the management of Binkleys, not the food as I never got to use the $200 prepaid voucher I had for the establishment.Having received a $200 voucher for my birthday I tried on several occasions to use it, I have two small kids and I travel a lot. On the three occasions I tried to use it they had not reservations available. One one occasion I had a reservation but had to cancel as I was sick (being fair)I finally got a reservation and the manager called me and in a very abrupt way informed me my voucher was worthless as it had expired. Upon review the term EXP with a date is apparently the expiry date.Given they had had the benefit of our money for over a year I thought they may be interested in honoring the voucher. NO I was informed and the neo fascist manager began to unload on me and chastise me for not being organized enough to use it.I am pretty reasonable and it it were my place I would accommodate customers, more so if a person who prepaid, it would make sense you accommodate them with a reservation, however Binkleys stance is "we have your cash now, let's fill the place with people who are yet to pay and the idiots who prepay can wait till last"This place may have great food but great management with a ficus on service and customers ...... NO WAY.Mr Binkley or what ever your name is you Bilked me out of my birthday present, thank you.I can only hope $200 worth of misfortune follows you.
The bar was not gold and it was not a bar so much as a counter.  I did not see any gold bars in evidence.  My espresso drink was not concocted in any way involving a gold bar. So basically the name is a total misnomer in my book.I did notice that the employee who made my espresso drink was friendly and helpful, that the drink was good, that the place has free wifi and that there was plenty of seating.Good product, atmosphere and service, no gold bar to be found.This concludes my review of Gold Bar Espresso.Thank you for reading.
It was my first time here and I brought some friends. I was really excited about the meal since I've always heard great things about it and thought this would be a great time to try it out during Restaurant Week but that excitement fell by the wayside as the night progressed.Well, the food was "ok". Despite my friend's duck being a bit on the dry side and the soup being served in bowls that were too wide which made them cool off faster than they could be eaten, it was decent.  The ambiance is pleasant and definitely romantic.  Service wise... definitely left room for improvement.1) Some of our dishes were taken while we were still eating.2) On more than one occasion we had to ask for more water.3) When announcing the food the waiters were presenting, some forgot the descriptions. Not a super big deal but if you're going to open your mouth to announce what is in the dish, shouldn't you remember what is in it?4) There was a 30 minute wait between the appetizer and the first course5) The servers chimed into our party's conversation unexpectedly. This is something I'd expect of Dennys, not Quiessence.If you go here for dinner, bring a flashlight for the parking lot and the walk through the courtyard to the restaurant.  An older couple I saw leaving almost couldn't find their way through the courtyard and I was a bit worried one of them might fall.  Considering the rough terrain, you'd think they'd light up the pathway a bit more.
02/21/11Came here after reading Linda W.'s delightful review.  Had the green tea, gyoza (potstickers), beef and pork egg noodle combo, and a strawberry boba shake.  The gyoza app was good, though the six pieces were too small to share, BUT they were definitely MUCH better than those I'd found at China Magic Noodle House!  The noodle dish was good... preferred the BBQ pork over the beef pieces, but the leftovers weren't as good-- I threw them out after the first bite.  The homemade boba shake was a very nice surprise... creamy and a bit too sweet for me, so I stopped after about a third of it.  Many of the boba (tapioca rounds) were too big to pass through the straw, and that straw was HUGE, as straws go, and that was another reason for me to quit trying.  What I didn't like was finding a bit of plastic in my mouth after taking a big slurp-- the shake was made on site, then mechanically topped w/ a plastic wrap cover that had to be broken w/ a straw in order to drink out of the cup- blech!  Having written all that, I'd order another shake in the future, and I'll be sure to share it w/ a friend, or two!
Came back to La Bocca last night. The only other time I've been here was  for the Yelp Elite event last Sunday, but after that experience, we knew we'd be back. We told the hostess we were just here for dessert and she sat us at a great cozy table for 2 in one of the corners of the restaurant, which was pretty busy. Our server was really friendly and immediately got our drinks and put in our order for the OMG. Our dessert came out in no time and it was DELICIOUS. ice cream, and melted chocolate with espresso. It was like a gooey brownie. We saw the server who waited on us during the Elite event last Sunday and he said hi. Everyone here is so friendly and attentive. Our server and one of the owners both waited on us. They have relaxed happy hour specials from 11-6:30 pm and live music on Thursdays so we'll be back.
This is the one I call the "Other" Jordan's. Not because it is any worse, only because it isn't the one I grew up eating at.This Jordan's is downtown, along a little strip of restaurants including the Caddy Corner, Durant's, and Thaiger. And the food here is slightly different from the other Jordan's, but just as good. The service here is quicker but more in tune with a lunch crowd, since most of their customers pop in from neighboring office buildings. It is very dark inside but it serves as a nice respite in the summertime when the sun glares at such absurd temperatures. They have some lunch specials that aren't available at the 7th street location, and even some deviations from traditional mexican fare like ham and cheese sandwiches or burgers. My recommendation is to dance with the fella that brought you, so don't stray too far from the tacos and enchiladas.
I've been to Padre's twice now - once for a full dinner and a second time for a margarita and a bite. I really like the bar area, find the service to be friendly and attentive, and think that certain dishes on the are top-notch. On the downside, the dining area (as opposed to the bar) is dull, the parking is tight, and the margaritas aren't all they're cracked up to be. Both times we've gone, we've really loved the food. The cilantro mousse was a really interesting and different accompaniment to chips, and the black bean soup was a flavorful and rich starter. As far as main dishes,  the duck tacos are absolutely outstanding. Wow. We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside. I'm not a huge steak person, and I love the way their duck combines the juiciness and charred texture of steak with the lightness of poultry. Both times, we also had super-friendly servers who were very attentive. We did not fall head-over-heels for the margaritas, though. We tried the $5 Padre's Margarita and found it to be way too sweet. Not the worst margarita we've had, but nothing outstanding either; I much prefer the house margaritas at Z Tejas if I'm going to go cheap, or the fresh-squeezed/hand-mixed ones at McCormick's if I feel like splurging. We also weren't huge fans of the dining area. The first time, we chose to sat there, whereas the second time we were offered a table since the bar area was full. It's just kind of closed off and uninspiring, with ugly gold ceiling fans and no windows. Atmosphere isn't everything, but it would be nice for the dining area to complement or highlight the inventiveness and passion that clearly goes into the food. A few final notes: 1. Parking is tight, and even if you're lucky enough to find a spot in front, good luck getting out of it. I had to do a three-point turn just to pull out of the angled spot! 2. There appears to be a big patio on the left side of the building. I'm not sure if food is served there, but it looked like a really pretty spot to have a drink and talk.3. Happy hour is M-F from 4-6 pm in the bar area only. Beer is $2.50, margaritas are $3, mojo martinis and wine of the day are $5, and mojitos are $6. There is a special 6-item bar food menu with prices ranging from $5 to $7.
I'd been to Postinos a couple times, but once I took my parents there, it's the only place they ever want to go! As big wine folks, they know that after the hour and a half drive from Tucson, they just want to relax and have a glass of wine and some bruschetta.While there isn't a HUGE menu to select from, the bruschetta, soups, salads and paninis are perfectly portioned, amazingly tasty and refreshing, no matter what time of year. Their unique selection of bruschetta includes apple and brie with fig spread, proscuitto with figs and mascarpone and salami with pesto (plus a few others). And their wine list makes up for it. They have an extensive selection that they change out regularly, and you can buy a bottle on your way out to enjoy at home.  My favorite that I discovered at Postinos is the Hey Mambo.Tucked away in a charming neighborhood in Phoenix, Postinos is a great place to enjoy some wine and bruschetta. They usually do have the garage door open, so you get the fresh outdoors no matter where you sit. When the weather is perfect out, the outdoor seating is great too.Although 90% of the time you have to valet park due to limited parking, it is only $3 and very convenient. It is probably one of the only places I don't mind valet parking at in Phoenix.
The CS guys rock!. Table for 10 and only 1hr waiting!! We went without reservations, just to try and EUREKA! we made it. It was worth to try it and taste all the good flavors of their pizzas. We shared Rosa (by far my favorite), Sonny boy and ...name is gone. All tasty and well done. Pizza is not very large, so if you are looking the thick dough and greasy pizza for 1 dollar, forget it. A one time event, as I don't think I would wait again so much for this pizza...after all, good things are best kept in your mind :)
Best new spot to open in Cen Pho for ages.The goat cheese app is amazing.I ate the best (bone in!) pork chop on the planet. The polenta... perfect. The presentation, artful. My date ordered the chicken, hot and smoky. The chicken wasn't bad, either.The bread is real bread, with a crust that one must chew and chew and chew. And chew. It was heaven.The service and ambiance are so good, I forgot that I was still in AZ for just a few minutes.
Good food, great service!  I love their #5 taco plate!  I only wished they would open earlier.
I love the concept, I love the decor, I love the idea, hopefully the food can catch up. We knew going opening week would be under par as the staff tries to gain their groove, so we went in with I'd say low expectations. We weren't disappointed. Our server knew nothing about the products on the menu or the beverages offered. My friends each got craft brews and were offered non-chilled glasses, they opted to just drink out of the bottle. I tried the Strawberry fields cocktail. It tasted purely of artificial syrup - nothing fresh about it, and I couldn't tell if the Vodka made it in the glass or not.We decided to start with the Pretzel and then each opted for different Brats so we could share and get a variety. The pretzel didn't come out till the brats did - so much for ordering an app. When it did finally arrive it was a very dark brown and somewhat mangled look,  we could have gotten past that if it at least tasted good, but not only was this pretzel an eye sore, it was a mouth sore. It was everything you don't want a pretzel to be - tough, chewy and burnt. Finally, the Brats... the Brats themselves weren't bad, but the Brat:Bread Ratio was way off. We received these huge Brat buns that were easily double the size of the actual brat. I wouldn't call myself a Brat aficionado I just can't imagine how you screw up such a simple and easy item - especially if you are the "Brat Haus". The one item of the whole evening actually worth noting was the Apricot Chutney, it was flavorful and the only reason I was able to finish my bready meal. I would be up to giving them another chance, it seems everyone else had a much better experience. I hate to leave bad reviews, but hey, you can't win them all!
I have really mixed emotions about Sack's. On one hand, the baguette bread is soft and chewy; the sandwiches are creative (my coworkers both really like the Jazz and the Gothic); if you don't see a sandwich on the menu you want you can create your own; they use spicy brown mustard (yummy!); the caesar salad is good; service is quick; and you get a cookie with all sandwiches and salad.On the other hand, it gets really crowded if you don't get there by 11:30 am or arrive after 12:45 pm; the parking lot is super small, so you typically have to park at First Watch; there is a sign that drink refills are for the large size only (I have ignored that sign as I find it ridiculous that they could actually monitor who refills and doesn't); it gets very very noisy so it is hard to hear the people sitting at your own table; and I think the price is a bit high for a sandwich shop (about $9 for an 8 inch sandwich, chips and a regular soda which apparently I can't refill).Sacks is nice occasionally, but I hate to admit, when I am really craving a sandwich or sub, I usually run to Subway where I can get a meal for almost half the price of Sacks.
I'm pleasantly surprised that La's is still in business... they are usually empty when I come in.  I've ordered mostly take out from La's over that last few months... and I've been extremely happy with quantity, quality, an cost!My latest order was the mixed veggies, add eggplant, light oil, and medium spice - yum!  I also had one order of the fresh summer rolls with shrimp.  Yum!I love both these dishes because they are tasty and light... I will continue to order from La's again and again... I hope that one day on a future visit, they will be packed.  They deserve it!  Craving thai cuisine?  Head over to La's!
I love that they've built up this little corner with some places to get a quick bite.  HDYR is very clean and the staff is friendly.  The have like 4-5 basic rolls to choose from or select your own ingredients.  I'm a very indecisive person so this place isn't good for me- I dont know what the hell I want in a roll so I just ordered a Philly, it was on par with the rolls you can grab at the grocery store deli. Nothing special.
CD was actually a large amount better than I expected it to be.   Driving past it, I thought it was a cooking school for hipsters but once I found out it was actually a restaurant I was intrigued. I had a taste of the soft pretzel & provolone fondue which was awesome, and then for my entree I had the Short Rib Pasta which I wished would never end.   Seriously, I ate slowly so it felt like it lasted longer.  The only star I'm subtracting is for the over-the-top douchy ambiance, it's definitely tailored for a "certain crowd", which is a shame because the food was so good.   I would feel awkward bringing my parents to this restaurant.Its almost like they are trying too hard to try too hard.  Seacrest out.
I have to agree with every word that Michelle G. said...AMAZING only scratches the surface!  My friend and I usually go to another sushi restaurant, but it was closed on Sunday, so I pulled out Phoenix Magazine Best New Restaurants and thankfully we found ShinBay!  The restaurant is tucked away in the Scottsdale Seville, and the atmosphere is very clean lines, modern, fantastic!Our server Meredith, and another server (I'm so sorry I forgot your name) helped us navigate the small menu...when I small, it is not to offend.  I believe a menu should reflect one cuisine and every single item should be able to done to perfection.  In this case, this small menu does not disappoint!  Meredith suggested a wonderful wine, a crisp, fruity Sauv Blanc to go along with our ShinBay tasting menu.  1.  We started with a trio of cold items....Tuna tar tare with pine nuts and avocado (melt in your mouth, the pine nuts added a different spin on the typical tar tare), Halibut sashimi in miso, and a charred Scallop on heirloom tomato with truffle oil, truffle salt, and thinly sliced truffles.  I am normally not a truffle lover, but this knocked my socks off!  Each item was seasoned to perfection and delicious!2.  The hot course was Wagyu  beef served with a Japanese ceramic grill.  It was accompanied by oyster mushrooms, Himalayan sea salt and ShinBay's variation on steak sauce.  This was an interactive course.  The grill is presented sizzling hot, you add a bit of the beef fat to the grill to season it, then you start grillin'!  Cindy and I had a great time preparing everything, and I am sure the expressions on our face were priceless to the staff!3.  The third course was a compilation of fresh nigiri.  You will have to forgive me, I can't remember their exact names...each piece was meant to escalate from lightest tasting to the fattiest.  Again, I don't intend to offend by stating "fattiest".  In this case this was Toro, which literally melted in my mouth!  We actually started with the Toro and went backwards.  Next was shrimp, a "sardine" like fish but less oily, tuna, and then something similar to yellowtail.  Each piece was seasoned again to perfection to enhance the fish.  There was just enough ginger to cleanse your palate after each piece!  No need for wasabi and soy sauce AT ALL!!4.  The final course was a Japanese custard with black sugar cane syrup and fresh fruit.  I love Creme Brulee and this was light and delicious, the perfect ending!On a Sunday night, we were the only patrons, so we chatted with everyone there.  They were all so kind and we had a fantastic time!  You have to forgive me for not remembering everyone's names, but your wine selections were spot on!!Thanks for an amazing Sushi experience!!
I was in the area and decided that I would try this place out for once. Talk about crazy coincidences a middle school classmate works here but I didn't get to tell him that I remembered him from school because he disappeared about the time I left. But yay excitement over that!I saw the $5 August deal here on Yelp, so the first thing that came out of my mouth to my wonderful waiter is that hun, I want whatever it is you have for five bucks. There was more options than just the vegetables and couscous, but I ordered it anyway since I'm on this vegetable binge of mine. And my waiter was so nice to point out that this place has wondeful brunch drink specials, I got a bloody mary (I use to start my days out with these!) for a buck! Holy heck, if I didn't have to drive afterwards, you know I would have been all over that drink special!! And the drink, in its tall and slender glass, was A LOT. I just remember thinking, I've been sipping on this for over an hour, when is it going to go down?! Alas, I finished it, most of those wonderful chips and various salsas (I absolutely loved the Chipotle one), and my veggie dish. OMP, Ticoz made me eat my carrots... and I loved it! Great tasting and very filling lunch, def will have to go here after getting out of the salon, turn it into some form of a ritual. Cuz you kno I gets hungry after gettin' my haurs did...sorry, I didn't just say that, omit omit omit!!!
This is one of the very few chain restaurants I like...Tried this new location on Saturday night (they recently moved into a new bigger building next door). Melting Pot is an adventure in dining, a prolonged multi-hour dinner experience. I love fondue, and The Melting Pot are the masters of fondue!Started with cheese, apples, breads, and veggies with a cheddar cheese and beer concoction. Moved on to lobster, shrimp, steak, pork, and chicken which we cooked in a veggie broth. Finished the meal with a chocolate and peanut butter dip with cheesecake, strawberries, and rice crispy treats.Great service, great food, great wine list, great times!
Just a quick update to note here.  I was at the Hungry Monk last week and had my choice of 12 different IPAs On Tap.  My God Man!  Hop Head Heaven!!!
I've been back many times since I wrote that review, and they continue to get into their groove there and impress. I still find that things are always changing, however. For example, Bonnie and I went for a weekday hh about 5-6 weeks ago and were told there were food specials (half off apps, i think) but no drink specials -- but there was an "all day everyday day" special on one of their top shelf vodkas (which worked out really well for me.)I come back last night pretty early, around 4, and hh had just started: no food discounts, but half off every drink except their sangria and their "house" drinks like specialty martinis and mojitos, etc. Still a great deal, got another top shelf vodka drink for like $3.Service was still great and friendly, and pizza was still delicious!
"it's a celebration bit$*es!" this place is one of my spots!! awesome happy hour and great people. great food!
THEY AUTOMATICALLY ADD GRATUITY, even for small parties.  WATCH OUT!!  I find that to be very LOW CLASS!!  It irks me because I overlooked it and tipped them double one time.  I'm sure that happens often, and that's why they do it.  They should at least inform you of the added gratuity.   Sad thing is,  it USED to be a great restaurant with good, friendly servers.  Don't know what happened to those employees..
I thought I would have a chill evening with the boys. We have been waiting what feels like forever for this place to open! So we were so excited. Hubby's out o'town and we came up here. There was a crush so we decided to place a to-go order. As I was standing, ready and waiting to place my order, they fielded calls from people and took phone orders right in front of me. I could have called from my cell phone while standing there and been ahead of myself? So I end up placing my order and  I left and came back after 40 minutes (couldn't keep my kids calm in there that long) and they don't have my order. Poof. It had disappeared. An employee kept asking me for my phone number even after I told them I  had ordered it in person. I actually had to tell her to stop and listen to what I was saying. Finally the manger comes over and I came up with my receipt. The manager looks at it and keeps saying, "He rang it up wrong. This says delivery." (The person who helped me was female, so I have no idea who he is talking about.) Then the employee who took my order came over as the manager is about to hand me 2 salads. He read the receipt number incorrectly, she informs him I ordered a pizza. Then after a few clicks on the register he said to me, "I put your money back on your card." And he walks off. This paragon of communication says nothing else so I assume it was a dismissal and I head for the door. I had 3 hungry, tired boys and, apparently, I needed to go find food elsewhere. At this point it had been over an hour. I was trying to navigate the stroller out the door as the gal who took my order chased me out and promised to deliver it for free. I was afraid it would taste like sawdust just because I was so angry. Fast forward another half an hour...We get our pizza and I was trying to be objective. It was doughy because it was undercooked and the bottom was positively coated with corn meal so in turn it coated my tongue every time I took a bite. And looking at my bank account today, I see that the expansive loquacious manager did NOT reverse the charge. So I paid to wait almost 2 hours, listen to my kids whine, drive there twice, be ignored by employees, disrespected by  management only to finally be disappointed by the corn meal pizza. The garrulous manager probably refunded those people their salads. I hope they were better than my pizza. :(
I love this place.  The manager and people who work there are very hospitable and the food is consistently delicious.  I don't know how it stays in business because it's always pretty dead whenever I go there (lunch buffet and take-out orders maybe?), but I'm glad it's still around.  One time I had to organize a group dinner and we went to Royal Taj.  Some of the people had never had Indian food before and everyone loved it. Once, I came here with an ex-boyfriend who is Indian, and the manager woman was exceptionally nice to us.  We were debating between two dishes and apparently she told him in Hindi to go with the Tikka Masala because "these people [white people] prefer it."  He said she was trying to help him impress me.  She also gave us a free dessert at the end.  On another occasion, for some reason I ordered a vanilla lemon drop martini, and it didn't exactly come out as I'd hoped.  So I asked if they had vanilla vodka or what they had put in it (nicely of course- I just was trying to figure out how to maybe salvage it somehow), and the guy seriously told me go on up to the bar and make it however I wanted.  I told him no thank you and just kept it as it was, but how many places are THAT accommodating?
We've wanted to try Thai E-San since they opened, and we finally made it down.  The ambiance is very nice.  The music was soothing and appropriate, but the food left something to be desired.  We started with the pork satay.  The pork was very good and perfectly cooked.  But the peanut sauce was bland and chalky.  I couldn't taste the peanut.  For our entrée we ordered the Panang; Chicken with carrots in coconut milk and peanut sauce.  Maybe it's just me, but I don't like the spice that makes your food taste like lemon cleaning fluid.  Is it ginger? I don't know really.  But the Panang had a lot of it and that was all I could taste.  The service was good and the other patrons seemed to enjoy their meals, so to be fair, I would have to reserve judgment on Thai E-San until I've tried a few other things on their menu.  The problem is, we really like Thai Lahna and they aren't much further away.
Honestly, I'm not sure what to expect when eating at Hooters. So far, so good, thus, the 5 stars.  But, I do have one minor issue with them, but not enough to downgrade them.Eating here is what I imagined the 70's to be about.  Wood paneling, that weird color orange, and a little bit of tackiness thrown in for good measure.  So far, when eating here, I have had good experiences.  The girls are nice, the place is clean, and service seems to be prompt and efficient.  I usually can be found here during lunch hour only, and so far, those have been my only experiences.  No happy hour, no dinner, no weekend service.My only "complaint" is that I have carried out a few times from this location.  A handful of times, I felt like I have had terribly slow carry out service. Waiting forever for someone to take my order, waiting just as long for food, and feeling "less important" then maybe the dine in patrons.
I came here recently for lunch and thought I had walked in on a dinner theater production, or an episode of Seinfeld.I was standing in line when the owner started yelling at a customer.  At first, I thought they knew each other, but soon I realized it wasn't an act.  To make matters interesting, he then decided not to honor anothers Blimpie card -- because it was stamped from another location: "I get nothing from this!"  "Go away!"  I guess there was no sandwich for him, or soup!During these outbursts, some of the customers walked out in confusion.  I just took my sub and left. In contrast, the employees all seem very nice and friendly.  But, I'll take a pass in the future and skip the drama. Sorry!
The memory of going to a Marriott in NJ for breakfast on a business trip and expensing $15 for what basically amounted to an unimpressive continental breakfast with an equally unimpressive omelet bar had not yet faded when my parents suggested coming to Blue Sage, the main dining room at the Desert Ridge Marriott, for Christmas Day breakfast due to a lack of a large group to justify making a complex meal and most places being closed. Even beyond that, I don't generally think of hotel restaurants as anything besides overpriced and above average at best, so I was... skeptical.Arriving at 11:30, we were presented with a choice between the lunch menu (sandwiches around $14 + a la carte drinks) or the breakfast buffet ($22) since regular breakfast was no longer being served. After looking around at what can be best described as the expanse, we all opted for the latter, despite fears that this might be a breakfast redux of Todai. This feast, which is perhaps an understatement, included:- continental breakfast offerings (scrambled eggs, yogurt, cereal, basic pastries)- made-to-order omelets with an array of fixings from feta to spinach to cilantro to smoked salmon to jalapenos to mild roasted salsa, egg whites available- succulent, flavorful chicken jalapeno sausage (and smoked bacon)- oatmeal with accouterments (brown sugar, pecans, dried fruit, etc.)- cheese blintzes with berry compote and roasted potatoes- better side of average apple cobbler, not overly sweet cinnamon rolls- fresh waffles and pancakes (included and ordered from the server)- myriad fresh fruit (strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, melon, pineapple, etc.)- fresh whipped cream(NB: Combining the last three options can and will be hazardous to your waistline.)- standard morning beverages (coffee, juice, soda)(NB: Despite the habits of a sizable portion of the Yelp community, mimosas, wine, Long Island Iced Teas and/or 151 are NOT standard morning beverages.)This is by far the best as well as largest Christmas breakfast I've ever had. It's also by far the most expensive Christmas breakfast I've ever had, but the quality and variety justified the occasion splurge. If you want your clothes to still fit, be very careful if you are staying at this hotel, especially on an expense account.
Based on my one dinner, I would eat here everyday if I could. I want to try everything! It is a vegan paradise. Now I've never been to Jamaica, so I don't know the "real" deal, but I've been to Caribbean restaurants.We shared the Avocado Plantain Spring Rolls, but I think we could have each finished our own - they were simply that good. The person I went with usually eats "like a bird," barely tastes her food and leaves food over. Not here, unless you consider a vulture a bird. Wow, I've never seen her go for food like this!She ordered the Pop Cho and Sweet Ginger, loved it and finished the entire serving. Didn't care for the cabbage side which she found too peppery. Note that the "sweet potato" that comes with this dish is actually a regular potato prepared sweetly, so adjust your expectation. It's still qute good.  She liked my dish too, but said hers was better (a bit competitive too).I had the Coconut Curry Tofu. It had amazing and unique tastes, Absolutely delicious.Unfortunately, we had no room for dessert. But I have no doubt I'll be back again soon for more!This will soon be part of the pre-theater rotation.
Lee's is one of my favorite "Chandler Gems" and a great place to eat when nothing else sounds good. I love it so much I call it "Mr. Lee's" because a place this good deserves my respect. My usual sandwich is the Asian Vegetable which consists of carrots, daikon radish (I think?), vermicelli (like the fried rice noodles that top a Chinese Chicken Salad), tofu (fried bits?), cilantro, and fresh jalapeno on a wonderful baguette. The flavors and textures are awesome and it's actually pretty light and healthy. If you are not as adventurous as I am, the Euro Sandwiches are AMAZING. You could serve a steaming pile of dog crap on one of their croissants and it would be delicious. Their muffins are really good too. My absolute favorite thing from Lee's also happens to be one of the top 10 best things I've ever put in my mouth. It is called pate choud and I could eat it all day every day. Pate choud consists of a small meatball (chicken or pork) surrounded by layers of the most delectable, buttery, flaky, crispy layers of pastry known to humankind. There are not words that can express the wondrousness of it all....so just try it. You can get a little two biter for 75 cents or a bigger one for $1.50.
Good simple food loaded with flavor. From the cheese crisp to the aioli dipping sauce to the corn which is reminiscent of a great street snack, I dug it all.  When local corn is in season the elote it is just delightful. Love the way it is cut leaving the stalk handle, great presentation for such a casual joint.Cochinita pibil taco is lovely with great depth of flavor not requiring sauce whatsoever, but the squeeze bottle sauces are quite tasty and add another nice dimension. Carne tacos also had great charred caramelized flavor and a nice texture as well.Chased down with a few icy brews, very good indeed. Service is casual and friendly and this spot is also quite a good value. Not your typical hotel chow, but the Clarendon is not your typical hotel either. So happy that this space has finally hit the mark.
If you go for lunch, order the salmon salad! I don't care for anything else on the lunch menu that I have tried.If you go for dinner, order the prime rib! It is HUGE (one other Yelper referred to it being "Flinstone sized") and it's less than $20! The huge slab is covered in a very tasty demi-glaze. For less than $20, you get a very green salad (not iceburg), your choice of potato (I like the cheesy garlic mashed) and a veggie, plus a basket of bread. Your dog will love you as you will likely need a doggy bag, if you are willing to share your leftovers.The atmosphere is relaxing. It is located inside Embassy Suites, so unless the hotel is busy, the restaurant won't be. Great for a Saturday night if you want a good prime rib and want to avoid the crowds.
Where to start?! I used to spend my teenage years working the drive thru. So much fun!! So I know what's in the food, I know how it's made... And that right there should be enough for me to know better than to eat there, or let my kids eat there!! That said, it's cleaner than other Toxic Bells, the drive thru is always busy and they are fast - which is a good sign, because that means the food turn over rate is high. I try to stay away from the mystery meat. It's Taco Bell after all. If I wanted real Mexican, I'd go to Chevys! (lol) anyone who sits and writes out a "real" review, get over it. ;)
This is definitely one of the more interesting places in Queen Creek. Agri-tourism is a growing business, mostly applicable to wineries. People want to visit and see where products are produced and how they are made. The Queen Creek Olive Mill operates very similarly to a winery - it has a nice layout, produces short run presses of specialty blends and holds tastings. The tasting used to be free, but too many people treated it like a buffet, so now it is in the back and part of the $5 tour. In addition to various blends of olive oil, the Olive Mill carries wines, gifts, and some very good pistachios grown by monks in Florence. I love the jalapeño pistachios. I have bought the Bianco blend (which Pizza Bianco uses for their pizza), but my favorite is the chili olive oil - it adds a nice kick to whatever dish you are cooking. The Mill also has an offering of sandwiches and gelato. They pride themselves on using local ingredients - the bread is fresh and local, the meats come from The Pork Shop down the road. A small garden out front grows the herbs and vegetables used in the deli.  In the nice spring afternoons, there is nothing like sitting outside in the mini orchard and enjoying a sandwich in a nice environment. It's not Tuscany, but maybe if you squint you will think so. For me it is just a short 1 mile ride home and does not require passports or airport security body searches.Come see Arizona's only olive mill and take home some bottles of their fine oil.
We have enjoyed The White Chocolate Grill (WCG) many times, both for Happy Hour and for dinner. Our experiences have been universally good.We came here last week after church for Easter Sunday around 2-ish for dinner.  We had made our reservations on Open Table/Yelp and our booth was waiting for us when we arrived.  Actually, the WCG was only half full at the time after a busy brunch, but it was nice having the hostess escort us over to our table by the window.Our water glasses were filled, as we sat looking at our menus.  Heather our server came by giving us the Specials of the day.  The three of us decided to skip the wine list, opting instead for Ice Tea.  It had already been a long day, and any alcohol would have put us to sleep.We started by sharing the Ahi Tuna Salad for $14.95.  WCG normally sears it with a sesame crust which is very good, but today we asked them not to cook it but serve it raw.  There is something about raw ahi tuna, in their champagne vinaigrette that speaks to me.  Today was no different, it was very nicely done.For dinner we order, the End Cut Prime Rib for $24.99, the Baby Back Rib for $21.99, and the Balsamic Rib Eye for $26.89.  Each of us had a bite of the others and we were very happy with our selections.  The Rib Eye was not what you would have expected, in so far as it was not a piece of prime rib without the bone, but instead two small 7' cutlets cooked in a glazed balsamic reduction sauce.  Very nice.   The Baby Backs were as you would expect, as was the End Cut.For dessert, we ordered the Bread Pudding for $7.59 and the house special Silky Chocolate Soufflé Cake also $7.59.  We also had some coffee for $2.49 and a Cappuccino for $2.99.In my Yelp Tip, I mentioned the Bread Pudding as being exceptional and it is,  I know on some cooking shows, it looks like just day old bread and a cream sauce of some kind.  But at WCG, the sauce is almost Creme Brulle-ish and it really is out of this world.  The total damage came to $116.00, before tax of $10.79 and tip; which seemed fair for three people.  One of things we like to do is go to a movie at the nearby Harkin's Cine Capri and stop at WCG for dessert afterwards.  We really had a nice time at the WCG on Easter and we will certainly recommend them.Enjoy!
After dining here almost every day of his week-long vacation, The Rob has decided that it is not a grease that comes off some of the burgers, (as previously stated) but a sort of au jus sauce, the contents of which is trying to break down with each visit.  Makes me feel a bit better about the massive amounts of beef, fried potatoes and fried cheese he ingested in such a short time.  Oh, and we are super hooked on the fries now too.  Like, craving hooked.  Good for them, not good for me and my estranged relationship with the elliptical machine.  Sigh.
Kelly's is a fresh addition to Old Town and feels like a bar out of San Francisco or Chicago. Those who visit Kelly's seem to be professionals in the mid-late 20's and 30's so it's not a bar where you'll see lots of people in college. The interior is warm with dark wooden panels and dim lightening. They have a good amount of indoor seating, they have a private room in the back, but the most seating lies on their spacious patio. Their patio is one of the best decks around and offers a great area to sit and enjoy some food and drinks when the weather's nice. I also really enjoyed their drinks which are made fresh with very fresh ingredients. During my recent visit, I ordered a chicken sandwich and french fries. The food is several steps above your typical bar food and offers a nice flavor. All in all, I am a big fan of Kelly's and I think this is a perfect lounge to frequent. However, I personally liked it the most in the early evening. It was one in one out by 10 PM!
I don't know how many Margaritas some of these reviewers HAD becuase these people were ANYTHING but fast!!The dining room wasn't even full and there were 3 servers and yet it took them nearly 30 minutes to take our drink order! I wanted to leave, but my friend wanted to eat there soooo bad so I decided to give it a try. After our food was ordered, it took ANOTHER 30 minutes for the food to hit the table... Our server then brought a round of refils and the check and we didn't see her for the rest of the night! I did enjoy my dinner, the food was better than good. I had menudo, which wasn't anything great. I've had much better menudo on the rez! OH! and they didn't have any cilantro!! I was shocked! so my menudo lacked soul. :( I got a side order of beef  taco which was good. :) I liked it. The salsa is KILLER!! I kept trying to eat it so I'd get used to it... no such luck! But it definatly released the endorphans! And cleared my sinuses... and brought a little water to my eyes! And that says a lot, cuz I can handle a lot of hot food!Over all, I dig the food, the place was very colorful and festive. Which is always a plus. I could do without the mariachi band. oh DUDE! the band almost got into a fight with one of the patrons!! The patron was all drunk and kept requesting songs, and I guess he didn't know it was $3 a song, so they wanted their money, he didn't have any and that's when things got U-G-L-Y!! It was funny cuz the guy was drunk but yeah - it's $3 a song! But yeah, I dig that rough environment. I honestly think it was an isolated incident, overall it was a nice place. I recommend sitting by the window and just enjoy your self while trying to handle the salsa!!
Perhaps it's just me. Perhaps I confuse easily. I mean, I could never even finish a TV Guide crossword. But the layout at Foodbar is a little freakish. ORDER HERE. PAY HERE. It's an upscale cafeteria style, that looks oh so cool and stylish but navigates like a maze and left me feeling like the dorky high school guy who wants to sit with the jocks but ends up with audio visual club. I wasn't quite sure where to go, it's very clean and modern, yet quite cluttered. The curried chicken salad was delicious as was the buttermilk chicken salad. Were they expensive? Well, it's a new Scottsdale restaurant, so yes, and I wasn't surprised. But $8 for a little dish of chicken salad? Hmmm. The parmesan risotto cakes were also good and came with a field green salad. Ham and brie baquette, well, not too inventive and quite dry and hard. The food is delivered to the table. When ours arrived, the server didn't have silverware for us. Oh? We're supposed to get it? Didn't know. Hate that. All in all, it was OK. Worth checking out again. At least now, I might know where to walk, stand and pick up my silverware and the other kids won't make fun of me!
Let me be honest. I'm kind of a snob. Maybe that's a dramatic statement to make, I don't know ... All I can say is I never had an interest in going to the old Willo House, which to me looked like a run-down old shack. OK, there it is! Judge me if you will! I stopped into Hob Nobs on my way to Tucson with a colleague who needed a pick-me-up. Having already had my coffee that morning, I tagged along with the intention of leaving empty-handed. That did not happen.Everything smelled so delicious, and the environment was warm and cozy ... I ordered a chai tea. While the barista made our drinks, my colleague was chit-chatting with someone else who perhaps was the owner, or at least the manager. "Waffles?" she asked me. "Oatmeal?" She had a huge grin and was clearly joking with me. The staff member/owner/manager said, "the oatmeal comes with bananas on top." "Bananas?" I asked. They laughed at me."Well," I said, "If I can take it to go and actually eat it in the car, I'll have some." He made my oatmeal with butter and brown sugar, then topped it with sliced bananas and strawberries. I then added a splurge of half and half. It was the best oatmeal I have ever had.
well, this is certainly not my style of bar, but it's about 500 feet from my apartment, so  i find myself here a lot.i would prob give it only three stars were not for two things: a bike rack out front - total, unexpected score, and TVs in the bathrooms; excess at its finest.it's definitely trying to cater to the more "distinguished" sports fan, and looks like a more contemporary and i hesitate to say, upscale, bar.there is NO beer on tap. ket me repeat, NO BEERS ON TAP.  which i don't understand for a sports bar... no pitchers? weird. they do have about six import/nicer beers in a bottle, like bass and heineken, and i believe fat tire is $3 all the time. the long islands are on special for $3 at HH, and are big and tasty.there is a large, fours-sided bar right in the middle, and lots of tables (both regular height and bar stool height) inside. on the covered patio is a fire pit, pool table and three very large TVs. also inside are two private rooms with their own TVs, couches and tables that can be reserved, i think at no extra charge.service is spotty, and take it that it's because i'm no where near what the young, pretty things that serve it up here are looking for in an ideal customer, so perhaps i don't really warrant as much attention as that group of guys wooping it up while watching the game.i agree the food is definitely overpriced for what it is.
It should have told me something when, during prime bar time on a Saturday night the place had plenty of empty tables.It should have told me something when, those tables were empty right after a sporting event across the street at US Airways CenterIt should have told me something that those tables were empty on a Saturday night, right after a sporting event, AND it was St. Patrick's Day.HUH?  They can't even fill a downtown bar on St. Patrick's Day on a Saturday night after a sporting event next-door?Of course, if I had read the reviews here I wouldn't have tried Tilted Kilt in the first place.The first clue was when one of our group of six, a female, went to the rest room and pronounced it "gross".The second clue was the fact that they didn't quite get the fact that they are supposed to be an Irish pub and this was St. Patrick's Day.The third clue was how they didn't even seem to have a theme, only a very weak imitation of Hooters (I am not a fan of Hooters).Our waitress was actually pretty good.  It was easy for the 6 of us to find a vacant table and she was with us in a few minutes.  She recommended a bomb of a tiny bit of liquor and about 1/8 of a glass of beer.  No wonder she was so enthusiastic about it, they were $17 each (Tilted Kilt does NOT post prices anywhere).We had eaten at the arena so we ordered sweet potato fries.  That was the only food we had so I can't rate anything else on the menu but they were REALLY bad, something dumped out of a frozen food bag.Being a Saturday night, prime time, on St. Patrick's Day do you think there would be some entertainment?  No. Only canned music  Not even a touch of green to mark the day.  Is this place the McDonald's of Hooter lookalike bars?Here is the ultimate insult, though.  One of the drinks I ordered was a Maker's Mark Manhattan.  Now, Maker's Mark is a very premium (and expensive) brand.  Any bar in the world would serve it in a nice glass.  What did Tilted Kilt serve it in?  A tiny plastic dixie cup.  Really?  Really!!!Okay, now I see why there were so few customers and why the reviews here are so bad.  There is absolutely nothing Tilted Kilt offers to even deserve a first visit.
I am sorry but I am reading some of the reviews on this place and I gotta tell you, are you people Nuts!  OK I can totally understand giving 1 star because you walked in and got ignored, however did you walk up and ask for a table. Seems a little weird that three people would just have a staring contest with you. It is possible, but not really probable.  Secondly, people griping about the PRICE.... ARE YOU SMOKING DOPE.... The basic meals here are between 10 and 15 bucks and INCLUDE DRINKS. I read about people bitching about how bland it is.... Of course it's bland its a Family Eatery. They have to keep the basic food bland to suit all clientele. You can certainly request a little more this or that. NO this is not going to be the place to have a formal dinner with your grandmother from Italy. Yes, you will be put out that your dinner was not comparable to Tomaso's  which is a 15-25 dollar a plate spaghetti shop not INCLUDING DRINKS.  The food is on par with Olive Garden though the menu is not as deep. You go to this place when its nice to have a night out, but you don't want to spend 60 bucks on a dinner for two. You go to this place when your a high school kid that wants to take his date out  and go to a movie or shopping over at the fashion square. You go to this place when you want a nice value dinner that includes a great ambiance,  a nice staff, and a fun location for activities afterward.
Meh - not my crowd at all.  The much younger group in the corner was super snotty and mouthy regarding my group of older coworkers (30s - 40s) as they gave us the hairy eyeball when we dared to come in and take the tables near them.  We were just looking for somewhere mellow to grab a bite and have a few drinks, and you would've thought we were there to put an end to all things joyful in the world.The food was mediocre, the drinks were syrupy sweet, and the overall vibe was trashy.  I wouldn't come back.
The R-Bar is just what the Camelback Inn needed. An upscale indoor/outdoor lounge that is comfortable, classy and romantic all at the same time. And the view of the mountains at dusk are lovely as well. Located off the main building where the pool used to be- during the recent renovation, they turned this space into one of my favorite areas at this resort. Nestle down into a comfy couch or chair with a loved one. Sit around one of the two fire pits in cozy chairs listening to the live music that begins each night around 7. Entertain a large party in the pergola. Listen to the many water features trickling and bubbling you into peaceful tranquility. The service is spot on. You can order from the bar menu or if you are looking for a little more- ask for the restaurant menu and they will accommodate that as well. The food is quite good and trust me- during my stay- I think we sampled it all! Plenty of signature drinks, beers and wines to choose from. So the next time you are looking for the perfect way to end or begin your evening in the area, stop into the R-Bar. This is Arizona living at it's finest.
Palatte takes the best of its historic house digs (around the corner from Cibo) and its smart gourmet sensibilities and caters to the brunch-yearning crowd downtown with flying colors.  You'll find a creative menu with such things as griddle cakes, but my favorite grub here is the scrambled egg mish mash with beef sausage.  It was melt in your mouth good, without all the artery clogging butter you'll find at Matt's down the street. The counter-style service here was attentive and quick for a somewhat busy crowd.  I was really impressed with Palatte - it's my new favorite breakfast place now -- up there with Farm at South Mountain.  I'm eager to try it again to see if it warrants a fifth star.
I had a coupon for a free sub from this place (I know, AWESOME!), so stopped by to spend it up. I was immediately greeted by the friendly and engaging guy behind the counter, who kept up a cheerful conversation with me throughout the preparation of my order. Didn't even bat an eye at the coupon. Love that!The sub I ordered was the Turkey provolone. I had it "Mike's Way", and it tasted great. The meat is sliced when you order it. The bread was fresh, with a crispy exterior and a soft interior. Friends who know me know that I refuse to eat at or even enter a Subway because I just can't handle how it smells in there. Completely opposite experience here.Great food, excellent service, clean and convenient location. Yay!
This is the exact place I love to hate. But I can't. I cannot hate you, Lodge. I just can't!In fact, if this place didn't have taxidermied animals (yes, I just made a word up) and antler headpiece things as chandeliers, I would probably be giving this place 5 stars....... I KNOW! I can't believe it either!!My first experience with The Lodge was as Yelp Bachelorette. I was hammered (give me a break; it was the most important day of my life so far) so I didn't think it was fair to review after not really "being there," if you know what I mean.My second experience was last night with THE Bachelor himself, Dallas G. Yet again, the staff was incredibly friendly, quick with the service, and willing to accommodate my vegan, gluten free existence without fault. They have an amazing black bean veggie burger and orgasm inducing sweet potato fries.  DG could learn a thing or two from those fries.Just Kidding. Now, here is the BEST part of all: THREE DOLLAR SKY VODKA DRINKS FOR THE LADIES.You don't need to know the rest.
I seriously thought I was going to cry the day the sign went up: No more tacos. Sorry. This is not a punishment! ~Rito'sBut in reality it doesn't matter because everything else on Rito's menu is so wonderful you won't miss the tacos. My favorite - red burro, enchilada style. Amazing.A couple of things to remember about Rito's:-No inside seating, which makes it difficult in the summer.-No credit cards accepted.-They are always busy, so expect to wait.-No use in calling in an order. Every time I have I have waited anyway.The last time I was there, my lunch companion said "I love Carolina's, but this really is the best Mexican food in town." Even though I am a HUGE Carolina's fan, I have to agree.P.S. Word on the street is they occasionally make tacos. If anyone wants to tip me off on taco day, I would greatly appreciate it!
The atmosphere is nice.  I think both the food and drinks are a little overpriced for what it is but I know the rent down on Mill is marginally insane.  I've never had a wait here and the food comes out fairly quickly.  Occasionally I've had a server disappear for a while but that's the exception, not the rule.My favorite things on the menu are the Crispy Crab Wontons which are served with a strawberry sauce instead of the more traditional sweet and sour, and the Drunken Monkey Flambe - which is somewhere between Bananas Foster and Cheesecake on fire.  They have a wide selection of specialty drinks but none of them really catch my imagination.The food itself is ok, sort of like PF Changs upped their prices but didn't up the quality or presentation of their food.  This is a place I go because I'm meeting people who want to meet there, not necessarily a place I would ever choose.  The sad thing is that it's not because it's godawful.  It's really not bad.  But between the pretentious decor and the mediocre food I always end up feeling slightly let down by the restaurant experience.  It's like dating that person who you can find no real flaws with but somehow you still lack chemistry.Sorry Bamboo Club. It's not you, it's me.
I absolutely LOVE Kiss the Cook. It is the cutest little place for breakfast and I love going here.The quaint little restaurant is decorated with country antiques and most of them are for sale. It reminds me of a place you would find in Prescott.I have had a few things on the menu and have always been delighted. The coffee is a little week, but then again, I start each day with a quad espresso so it may be unfair for me to judge.While you wait for breakfast they bring out a variety of VERY tasty muffins and bread... so, so tasty!!!!Good service and prices. No complaints from me :)
I've been to Nick's a couple of times. The place is always mobbed by couples, groups and families. I don't get it, but I guess I'm in the minority on this one.The bread is outstanding, the service is ok, but nothing to write home about. The Chicken Parmasean is so so. I only finished one of the two pieces of chicken because it was so meh. And the Linguini with Clams was unspectacular as well.
OK so I end up here for lunch only because the place I wanted to go didn't open till 4pm.It's really beautiful inside, there is alot of elements working, chain, leather, iron, wicker, wood, very upscale modern but comfortable too.First off I notice that the menu is a bit different than the one shown on-line, specifically the description for the tortilla soup. Needless to say, I did not get it.We asked a few question and come to find out that none of the entrees are served with rice and beans? WTF!! So you would have to spend $4 for a side of beans and $4 for a side of rice on top of your entree price which is anywhere from $14 and up.I'm all about having a good meal at any cost but that seems absurd.Chips and 3 salsas were served, they were all pretty good, nothing spectacular.(see pics)I ordered the tostada with no meat and the Mr. ordered the fish tacos (see pics)My tostada was really good, I dare say a 5 star tostada. I liked it alot. However  the menu said "chicken tostada $9"  and I was still charged $9 for NO MEAT..........that was pretty uncool.The fish tacos looked pretty, he kept saying they were good, but his face did not tell me the same story and he does not know fish tacos like I do, I tasted the fish.....blech........soooo soooo fishy MY God! and no flavor either, just dredged in flour and flash fried.3 solid stars, not bad ,not extraordinary, not worth rushing back toTo me the Tempe Market place along with this restaurant are very, very touristy. I've got better places to be Thank You Very Much!
We were in town for a cycling race, and found this place through Yelp. What an awesome little place! The food was delicious, and the service was great! I'll certainly come here again if I'm in the area.
Finally got to try Costa Vida tonight and glad we did!  Fresh and flavorful meats and options.  Not a Filibertos but not a real sit-down either.  Some interesting menu items make it different enough to fill the gap and be another good Mexican option in the area!  The Honey Habenero salsa is really quite good too!
I was in the area yesterday wondering what to have for lunch when I remembered that I wanted to try Chestnut Lane, my first trip here they were closed for vacation, so now was my chance. The parking lot is home to many businesses so you will be lucky if you can find a spot, I had to park in the back alley. I couldn't even enter when I walked up to the door due to the large crowed of people who arrived before me. This place is TINY but in the cutest homey kind of way.Finally being able to creep into the doorway I eyed their salad case, which I have to say was the most visually stunning salad case I've ever laid my eyes on. Everything was so beautifully displayed and fresh looking. I knew I would have a hard time making up my mind. The girl at the counter was very friendly and helpful, she even offered me a tasting of one of the new salads they just brought out to see if I liked it. In the end I decided on the Chestnut Lane Chopped Salad (see pics) which was grilled natural chicken breast, corn, local tomatoes, cucumber, avocado, feta cheese, pumpkin seeds and chopped greens tossed with a balsamic vinaigrette. My initial thought was how small it seemed for $12 but once I started eating it I was really pleased, it was just Delicious! Every bite was full of flavor without being too heavily dressed and it even filled me up, although my inner pig would have liked to eat twice as much! If I ever had my own little cafe it would be a lot like this, I cant wait to return to try more!
I've been to Lolo's numerous times. I prefer the south side location as it feels more authentic but don't me wrong... this location is much appreciated, as well. It's more convenient for me since it's closer to home, very close to my work and they stay open later, especially on Fridays when they stay open until midnight.You can't really go wrong with anything here. I usually stick to the chicken and waffles. Get some gravy on the side for smothering your chicken, yummy. Their catfish is good, too. It has a cornmeal batter. For sides, their mac and cheese, greens and home fries are my favorites.  For drinks, I love their sweet tea. They also have a lot of variety of Kool Aids for those of you who like that. This location is larger and nicer given that it's a newer location. Service is always friendly. Prices are on par for what you get. I'm originally from LA and I'll admit, It's better than Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles!
Some friends of ours were looking to have pizza at a place that offered a gluten-free option.  A quick search on Yelp revealed Picazzo's and we were off and running.I'll get to the brass tax on this one.  The pizza was very good and fresh--no complaints about taste.  The restaurant was cool and had a nice ambiance.  The place was so loud, however, that I had a hard time hearing people talk at my own table.  Service was moderately attentive, but there were times when we were waiting much too long for drink refills--the place was busy, mind you, but the pauses were noticeable.It comes down to this--do you want to pay $25 for a 14" pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and mushrooms?  I usually don't.  I can go to Pizza Slices in Mesa (formerly 99 Cent Pizza Place), and trade in the hipster ambiance for two yummy 18" pies for $20.  The gluten-free pizzas were apparently quite good, and some of our other guests liked the pasta plates they got.  In this case, if you want the dining experience, options, and atmosphere, Picazzo's will give it to you--you're just going to have to pay a bit more.Three and a half stars on this one.  Yes, I'd go back, but it would have to be for a special occasion with friends and/or family.  If I've got a pizza jones, this is not the place where I would satisfy it--I want more bang for my buck if I'm looking to chow down on a pie.
New owners took over this place a little over a week ago and they know what customer service is all about..it's refreshing to stop in and find the owner mingling with their customers and making sure they are enjoying themselves and asking for suggestions on how to make the place a better experience.The food is amazing,especially the wings..If you haven't been there lately it deserves another look, with the new owners you will be pleasantly surprised!
I'm a gluten-free vegan; can my life get any worse?I kid. It's a conscious choice. Well, mostly. You see, I have this terrible thing called "food allergies." Among my allergies, gluten, egg whites, and casein (found in all dairy products). Being that I am a vegetarian, it is only logical for me to make the step to becoming vegan unless I want a lifetime of stomach aches and respiratory hell.  I have always come to Whole Foods for their wide variety of vegetarian options and the awesome salad bar, but now that I have found they have a section devoted to gluten free living and have a plethora of vegan options, I am absolutely in love.This lifestyle certainly isn't what one would call fun, but fortunately there are places like Whole Foods that help make my life just a little bit easier and cater to people with discriminating tastes or high maintenance eating requirements. Five Stars!
Tea Infusion's located next to Mojo Yogurt in Tempe Marketplace. It's no surprise to learn that the menu is predominantly tea.  There are many varieties to choose from: black, oolong, green, flavored teas, and chai (to name a few).  I strolled in one Saturday night to satiate my craving for a chai tea latte.  My hopes were shot down when I was told they ran out of the mix for chai.  How does a tea place run out of chai?!  I took a menu to a table and debated which alternate would be a close match.  I decided to ask another employee if they could make the chai tea without milk.  Yes, it was possible.  No chai, my ass.  The tea was pretty good, but it was incredibly hot.  I'm no tea connoisseur , but I thought that tea should be steeped in water that isn't scalding so that the full flavor of the leaves could steep.  Maybe that was why it wasn't as flavorful as I'd expected. If you're in the mood for a bite, there are also a few sandwiches and salads.  I have yet to taste them.  There weren't many places to sit so I decided to grab a chair outside by the fireplace.  If you're in the mood, I recommend strolling around Barnes and Noble with your tea.  Then again, there's a Starbucks within that store that never runs out of chai mix.
I was disappointed with Chick, particularly because I live in the Arcadia neighborhood and I love food. I had a to go order placed on Sunday and was quite surprised that I couldn't even eat most of the food. The food was not good.Mashed potato bar: potatoes were pureed and required a spoon to eat. Chicken: average and not something to write home about. Dryer than I would have liked.Quinoa: bitter. Usually quinoa, lemon, and spinach are a no brainer for me, but this was inedible.The decor, however, was fabulous and the customer service was great. I hope that whoever ladled the potatoes into the to go box gets his shit together and the food makes a vast improvement.
I really, really wanted to love Bacon...but...it just wasn't the whole hog for me.First of all, you can't fault the décor. The interior is fresh and fun, and thankfully it lacks the typical grandma's-kitchen-circa-1955 look that so many breakfast joints seem to love. The look is clean and modern, with a farmhouse edge that works perfectly. 4 stars for ambiance.The service, unfortunately, wasn't quite so fresh and fun. Here's where the disappointment starts. I had to ask for a cup of coffee three times - there were only a few tables when I was there, so no excuse for not remembering. The third time, the server told me that he had told his bus boy to get it already, but that he would go ahead and make the coffee for us...thanks, I think? One of my biggest pet peeves with customer service is making an excuse when something doesn't go correctly. If the guy had just said that he had spaced out, I wouldn't be writing this at all. Don't blame your bus boy because you're too busy flirting with the hostess to pour a cup of coffee. Next, the food. It's just okay. Off the bat, I felt that the menu was pretty limited. Presenting guests with a smorgasbord of options isn't necessary, but Bacon's menu is short and stingy, in my view. I ordered the yogi omelette, which includes egg whites, mushrooms and broccoli. I wasn't expecting much out of a cheese-free option, so no complaints about my own food. The veggies were fresh and I actually liked the cottage cheese and salsa side dish. My friend ordered the BLT and it was fine but, again, nothing to write home about. The potatoes that were served with the BLT were SUPER salty and tasted like they were coated in butter. I love butter and salt, but this was over the top. The meal was okay at best, nothing extraordinary. I was left wanting more, and wishing that we had just gone to a reliable standby, rather than venturing out of our way to Bacon.
I've heard lots of good things about Luci's over the past few years, and had it on my mental checklist of places to go and check out here in the valley of unique and cool places.  A few months back, they were on Channel 3 during their Saturday morning broadcasts.Parking here's a bit limited, but not bad.  I imagine if you were to come here on a busy week night it might be different, but overall not bad.  I walked in and really liked what I saw.  Cute setup, with a little bit of this and a little bit of that. Healthy without the feeling of eating or being sold bark instead of real food.I initially wanted dinner, but decided on a bagel with cream cheese instead.  Here's where they loose a star.  ok, so on their menu, they have a bagel, cream cheese and lox combo for $6.99.  It comes with the onions, capers, tomato's and everything else that normally goes with a plate like this.  Well, I told the girl that I just wanted something lite, and if I could get a bagel with lox and cream cheese only.  She told me it was $8.99?  um, Can't you sell me the $6.99 bagel lox n cream cheese thing and leave the capers out of it? Why the extra $2?  Maybe I misheard...but if I didn't, that's kind of weird!  Why wouldn't she just sell me the $6.99 one?Anyways, I ended up going with just a bagel and cream cheese with lemon water.  Bagel was great, and the cream cheese with whipped and appeared to be made in house!  They also serve breakfast all day, which I thought was awesome!  Totally my gig, as I sometimes like to mix it up and have breakfast for dinner on the weekends.  Place is wonderfully decorated, staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  Bathrooms are pretty cool and clean for the most part.  I will say, I absolutely love how this place is decorated.  Totally my style.
This place just opened and is located behind Gangplank (where I work a lot) and Yoli's brought in some breakfast samples for us to try out - good stuff btw!A handful of us (12) decided to go over for lunch and check it out.Location is somewhat hidden in the little market just west of Arizona Ave and north and between of Frye and Chicago St.  Nice little older house looking place, with a nice patio that's shaded and enclosed in the little market area.  Inside is all redone and very clean with new tables and chairs. They do take debit and have a soda machine for refills.Food is very homemade American cafe/deli style with good burgers. Currently since they just opened they don't have menus other than large notecards with today's menu, which works well actually. Had about 10 different choices... I went with the turkey bacon sandwich w/ American cheese on sourdough. Very good no complaints at all. It did take a little bit since we slammed them with 12 people right away on their first day but they held in and everything came out within a reasonable time and with no mistakes at all even with all the custom orders w/ the burgers we had.They use little baskets for the food and have metal silverware. OOOH and pickles... crisp too, not soggy and floppy :)I had some time to talk to the two owners and they're very nice and personable and were more than happy we showed up even though we swamped them a bit. Very nice ladies and without a doubt I and the rest of us at Gangplank will return frequently.I say get down here and try it out.
This restaurant is a vegetarian's fondest dream - and I am no exception.  The service is friendly and personable, and best of all, quick!This is my favorite place to meet up with my girlfriends and spend a couple of hours chatting.  The hummus is good, if a smidge spicy. The tofu is fantastic.  Go there.  Eat some good food.  You won't miss meat at all.
Slathered in sunscreen and equipped with a water bottle and sketchbook, I ventured out to the Old Town Farmer's Market to experience one of my favorite summer traditions.  Luckily, I attended one of the last outdoor markets before transitioning inside for the scorching summer.  Located on the southwest corner of Brown Avenue and First Street, the venue is easily accessible and provides an ideal place for locals and tourists to mingle with regional business owners and popular restaurateurs. Come hungry and open-minded:  every merchant doles out generous samples of their product (with the exception of the organic produce stand), tempting potential buyers to hand over the cash.  I enjoy visiting each week to sample popular dishes from the ever-changing lineup of restaurants. For those looking for a meal, food stands and local restaurants also set up shop.  My senses were tempted by the colorful tuna tartar nachos and smoky beef tenderloin kebabs from the folks at Eddie's House; I contemplated spending my "happy calories" (those reserved for high-cal splurges) on a cheesy, crispy green chili cheddar chicken melt at the Orange Table stand.   Customers continue to come back each week to sample popular dishes from the ever-changing lineup of restaurants.The majority of the organic produce is cheaper elsewhere, prompting the need for some detective work at natural foods stores like Whole Foods, Sprouts and Sunflower Market prior to making a purchase.  Splurge on items that are unique to the market:  rare mushrooms, specialty olive oils, uniquely flavored jams and jellies, and the like.   Visitors are bound to find something that they simply can't live without; whether with the family, significant other, or arriving solo, the market has something for everyone.
This place was really good and very affordable. I love that I can make my own roll because I am super picky and they have lots choices too. The place was very clean and service was friendly and fast. I will be back here for sure when I have a craving for sushi.
Oh Lenny, you're so smart. You probably have a 4 million dollar chateau on Camelback Mountain because of this place. Its an -effing GOLDMINE!Your basic sloppy-but delicious burger joint. 50s garb on the walls. It looks like its wrapped in tin foil. Great spot for lunch. I think it's outstanding because I just happened to "forget my wallet" and someone "got me." Also too, (haha).... it's busy, busy. A great buzz inside of happiness. In addition of the record breaking 2 minute wait for your magical feast during lunch hour its hella cheap son.Grab plenty of napkins. Yes, you will be making a mess. Then, make friends with people around you. Seating and space is minimal. You may be sitting on the IT guy's lap.
never in my life have i been so happy to dine and dash before. i won't give a time it happened, nor will i ever return, so i honestly don't fear retribution.but after waiting 30 minutes between drinks, and then never saw the waitress again i was so fed up with this place i just walked the fuck out. if they don't care enough about the customers to at least make their rounds every 5-10 minutes to see if we are happy. then they certainly don't care about my money. which by the way i would have been happy to give them. the drinks were good. but i was sober before the next one arrived. unless they are freezing the ice cubes to order, there is no reason for a delay. I'm not going to cause a fuss and complain to the manager. I'm sure the wait on a manager would have been just as bad as the service. so kick rocks. I'm out.from my experience, i really don't think this establishment deserves more then 1 star. i would give 0 if it was possible.
Cheba hut kicks ass for many reasons but most important is the sandwiches. They havegood and creative sandwiches on the menu you wont find at your average sanwich shop. I have not had a bad sub yet and I have been going to cheba hut for about 7 years. The theme of the place is all about marijuana and all the sandwiches are named after different strains of weed. Everyone working here is very lax ( i wonder why) and all is very friendly. The get very busy for lunch but its worth it. These sandwiches are toasted to perfection.  They also have brownies, giant rice -crispy treats, and great potatoe salad. If you dont partake in the erb smokin dont let that stop you from eating here. Everything is delicious.
Since breakfast isn't my favorite meal to eat out (I like to eat as soon as I get up...breakfast is yummy just rolled out of bed), I had not tried, but  only been hearing raves about Matt's Big Breakfast for literally about a year, so I knew it had to be good...good enough to try breaking my fast outside my own kitchen.Luckily it wasn't too crowded (as I'd heard it might be).  We were seated at a window counter, but then moved once our food came to a little table by the door.  The staff was ultimately accommodating to the best experience for us. The food was beyond delicious.  Egg salad sandwich with chips (I told you I wasn't a huge breakfast-out person), a waffle, and potatoes, and chocolate milk.  It was all SO delicious!  And SO MUCH!  We were able to take most of the sandwich home for later.  By the way, the break was AMAZING...just amazing.My favorite thing I think (besides the food) was how friendly everyone was--from the staff to the customers.  It also was cool because since Matt's is small (but not too small), you wind up talking to the people around you.  Three tables joined in our conversation to complain about State Senator Russel Pearce, who led the slaughter of AZ's education budgets particularly in Spring 2009...but that's a different story...I need to go back to Matt's soon--it was a great time.
What a pleasant surprise this was.  We had ventured to this part of Tempe to finally visit The Crepe Bar, but sadly it was closed for the holidays - so this was the closest joint with solid reviews & we went for it.  Instantly wary when you're the only couple dining in a new place, but it was the day after Christmas - and an odd time, so we didn't think too much of it.Here are a few tips:MUST.GET.GARLIC.KNOTS!  I've had too many greasy bread-sticks in my day, this was nothing like that - and came with a nice cup o' marinara to dip them in.  Also, get the baked ziti - it's a cheese-splosion.  Fresh mozzarella, ricotta and delicious baked goodness.  We also got the veal parmigiano - which was just spot on.  Great service, reasonable prices, and shockingly authentic and fresh... we will be back for sure!
Al's Beef in Chicago was never one of my regular places that I ventured to to grab an Italian beef. There are so many other small "ma & pa" places that I pretty much passed Al's up. That being said, I at least got to try it in Scottsdale!I ordered a sausage and beef combo with hot giardiniera and some fries. The fries were decent - crispy and salty. The giardiniera was great, and definitely looked and tasted like it was taken out of a big pot in back rather than a big jar from a wholesale store. The beef was also tasty and definitely seemed like it had been marinating in its juices for a couple hours. Everything was pretty good until the sausage. The sausage was an alright link, but it wasn't hot; it was cooling off. From "order up" to table to mouth is all it took, seemingly. I really like my hot sandwiches piping hot, especially when that sandwich is an Italian beef (hybrid). Shite happens unfortunately though, and at least the flavors were pretty good. I'd give Al's another go. It passes, but didn't win me over.
New location at Metrocenter mall, just like iain B. said....this area needs a stimulus in a bad way.  It is close to my office as well so I am happy to have this location nearby.  The burgers here are consistently great for the value.  I actually crave the consistent flavor of the special sauce, I tried the double burger yesterday but I have to say that the single patty isn't much meat but it is a perfect amount because it tastes great and of course I am consuming less red meat....which my wife tells me I have a problem, ha ha.  Anyway, great food, great service, great value ($5 combo meal), and now close to work.  Yippee!
Great prices and great food! Loved the menu selections and the small plates that allowed us to try many different plates. The chili and mac and cheese was amazing! Really enjoyed the service and happy hour menu was awesome as well. Cool ambiance and the service was great as well. Their drink selection is quite different as well which was awesome to get a little different tastes throughout the meal. Would go here much more often if I lived closer!
Had heard a lot of great things about this place, so the hubby and I decided to try it for Valentine's Day this year.  Not sure what happened in the communication, but I am sure that we won't be going back.To start out with, I was upset about the FLYING COCKROACH that crawled out of my salad.  I had to flag down three waiters to remove the item from my table.  No one wanted to help until I actually found my own waiter.  They replace the chopped salad with a new one, which was mediocre at best.  After the salad and before the entree, ANOTHER COCKROACH walked off of our table, which is when I yelled for help.  The owner came by and made a joke of it; there was no apology.  In retrospect, I should have walked out.  Perhaps I'll just call the Department of Health?
Hang on...gotta wipe the cheese off my chin.  Oh, crap, the enchilada sauce is on my keyboard.Cheese crisp with Guacamole.  Two cheese enchiladas, one for tomorrow.There's a mess.  Everywhere.  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhyessssssssssss!
Christmas really isn't my holiday...it's more for the Beautiful Carin, and I try my very best to play along and do what I should to make the holiday "joyful"...not my strong suit:)This Christmas is no different than 30 or 40 others that preceded it...it's the end of the year and that always bring its own peculiar brand of "troubles".Today, I had to visit with one of my attorney's (I know, pathetic)...some trouble with some partners in a business relationship and I am trying to figure out what the best course of action is...this attorney is my Doberman...he will chase people to the bowels of hell and bring them back screaming to be returned to Satan's loving grasp...if the compensation is right:)I don't Yelp him, because frankly, he scares me...a little bit:)I was bemoaning the holiday season to him during our session today (believe it or not our "chit chat" is quite brief at $425 per hour), and his legal advice was that I "sack up" and get over it:)To reinforce that, he took me to lunch (I must look like I'm going to be a gold mine to him!) at Scott's Generations:)That did indeed put a smile on my face and prepared me adequately for my next meeting this afternoon.I love deli...I get to NYC 2-3 times a year, and consequently I don't think very much of the deli's here in town...overpriced, under-sized...less than we should expect:(Even Goldman's, who's been good for several years, has fallen sharply over the past year.Scott's could change my perception of the deli landscape in PHX.I had a hot corned beef on rye that was as tasty as anything I've found in Phoenix...and it was huge...a restricted flight softball of hot, moist corned beef, between two thick slices of rye (from Karshes, next door, with plenty of caraway seeds:)Four salt brine pickle spears, and cole slaw, accompanied this behemoth:)I couldn't leave well enough alone and ordered a side of crinkle cut fries to "make the season bright":)$11.00 US money for the whole deal (no extra charge for "extra lean":)Everything was well made, tasty and nicely presented by the sweet ladies that serve the all the customers...I mean 20-25% tip service by these sweethearts:)I waddled out, with my mood adjusted back to "non-grinchy" (I'm sure this lunch will appear on the bill from my attorney, at some point...I just choose not to think about it right now:)I didn't even have room for a Black and White cookie from Karshes, after lunch...that's packing in the corned beef!While Scott's Generations is not, strictly (or even un-strictly) speaking "kosher", it is definitely in  the traditional "New York Style":)No, I would not claim it's as good as anything in Manhattan...but I gotta tell you, it's as good as a lot of neighborhood deli's in Manhattan...and easily the best of breed for PHX.
I've gotta go with A-OK on this one. Not quite ready to commit to being "a fan," yet. To me, being "a fan" would mean I would be willing to drive from North Central Phoenix all the way downtown, devil-may-care style on a work day, to wait in line and put up with the slamming of the metal door every time a customer's lunch order was fulfilled. (That's not a complaint, mind you. It was cool. All part of the charm.)You see, dinner is not an option. They're only open until 4. That said, I obeyed Robert M.'s instructions and ordered a green chile burrito, enchilada style with a side of beans. The beans were runny but good for dipping my bites of burrito. The sauce that made it  "enchilada style" had a good heat. I was pleased. It was "A-OK." I'd go back. Just probably not devil-may-care on a work day.
Cien Agaves is a great addition to downtown Scottsdale -- and it provides a fun, relaxed atmosphere into the mix of places that either seem to be a) dive-y and dumpy or b) snotty and superficial. Cien Agaves has a cool, open building and has some neat art hanging on the walls.The margaritas I had here were head and shoulders above the ones I've had at nearly every other Valley establishment (especially at places like Dos Gringos or Salty Senorita). I came here after work with friends and we ordered a house margarita for $4 (happy hour special). It had a lot of ice in it, but tasted really fresh and packed a punch.Then I tried one of their more expensive prickly pear margaritas -- yum! Delicious, without being cloyingly sweet.We didn't get any food, but the chips were great and the two salsas included a pico de gallo and a really amazing green salsa that included tomatillos and, I think, cumin. Great!The only downside was the service. Our waiter was really nice, but the poor guy seemed completely overworked -- I think they only had one waiter for the entire restaurant and patio. If they hired another one or two servers, the experience would be more enjoyable AND they'd probably move a lot more margaritas! But I definitely plan on coming back here and seeing if maybe that aspect was just an off-night for them.Try the patio if you can -- it's lovely and it gets you away from the rather loud music that could be playing inside.
Monday Timeline:150p eat lunch at office deli.  chili dog with onions.  bad idea.200p mouth tastes like crap.  drink water.205p defcon 5 with this breath thing.  more water210p decide i want something sweet and delicious to rid myself of this oral stench230p i decide on yogurtland! they have this delicious raspberry yogurt and cheesecake bits! perfection!235p convince dallas g of the wisdom of yogurtland255p we get to yogurtland.  dallas inexplicably wants to park in the sun, not the shade257p no raspberry yogurt.  no cheesecake bits.  no non-dairy yogurt for dallas, that daft vegan258p leaving yogurtland, willing to reinvestigate this Mojo Yogurt prospect307p a parking meter with 13 minutes left on it!308p in Mojo.  depressed because they have no cheesecake but they do have Martina, a very charming employee.  Martina convinces manager to order cheesecake bits.310p i try the latte yogurt. crap311p i try the chocolate.  crap312p last chance: cookie monster yogurt--aaaah!  now we're talking!314p and what do i see here but cocoa pebbles! MMMMMojo!315p dallas pays FTW!!322p we're done with our yogurt327p aaaarrrrrrrggggh chili dog taste returns!  my plans are foiled!charming, yes.  selection, no. cocoa pebbles, yes. martina, yes. being there for me when I was in a vulnerable place, yes.  four stars
I wish I could give this place 0 stars.  My god, the server really ruined a fun night out for my group.  A large group of friends and I decided to meet here to celebrate two birthdays and watch the ASU game.  By the time I arrived there were probably about 15 to 20 people.  I sat at a table and when the server arrived I asked for a beer and to start a tab with just my boyfriend and I.  IMMEDIATLY the server coughed up an attitude and said everyone was on one tab, sorry.  Since I had just arrived I didnt see a reason why I shoudnt be allowed to start my own tab, so she let me, but not without a couple snarky comments to our table.  My friends let me know that she had been rude from the very beginning, when there was only 4 people to start with.  Anytime she came by the table (which wasnt all that frequently) a couple people were ready for another round.  People would start ordering and she would huff and puff and complain that things were getting just too darn complicated.  Perhaps she could remember things easier if she would have written our order down.  Now let me just say that I can understand a servers frustration with big groups.  I work at a bar myself and things can get complicated.  Perhaps if she reads this review she'll learn that most people want seperate checks, and its just easier to assume that from the beginning to keep things clear.  Also someone commented that she was the only server on the patio.  SHAME ON THE MANAGEMENT for having one server serve a busy patio on a saturday night; not to mention the fight and ASU game were on to make it even busier.Remember that SEPERATE tab I started with my card for my boyfriend and I?  Well it turns out she just decided to throw a bunch of our beers onto the other tab because she couldnt keep things straight.....again, writing things down would really have helped out.  I don't know if the server was new or what, but she was disorganized and incredibly rude.  I couldnt believe how much attitude she was giving us...isn't a large tab a good thing?  I've never before had a server who literally rolled her eyes and walked away from patrons who were looking to spend money!!! UNBELIEVABLE.  WORST SERVICE EVER.
This family ROCKS the fry bread!I love going to the Food Truck Friday's downtown PHX cause they always have a great variety of food trucks.Today I wanted to try something different, fry bread.  Mmmm  Seriously, I've never had fry bread before.  And when you walk up to this place, they put out their dishes for you to look at them and for you to decide on what you want.  Love it!I went for the "Jazzy".  This is your fry bread with whole pinto beans, carne asada, mango&cucumber salsa, fresh greens and a lime wedge all drizzled with a special sauce.  I found it to be tasty, a hint of spiciness, fresh, and fulfilling.They have many different styles to choose from like folding the fry bread like a burrito or chimi.  Prices are very affordable and they have large portions.  Great for lunch!So I say to this family, go fourth and share your goodness of fry bread to everyone!
I am so in love with this place that words cannot do it justice. I've taken every out-of-town guest here, and they've all loved it. Tableside guacamole with pomegranate seeds: inspired. Seafood enchiladas: divine. You will probably have to wait, but it will be so worth it.
4.5 Stars!Great place for a first time date or a night out with friends!Happy hour menu is amazing, food is always good, staff mostly friendly but give them a passing B ;)Best part is RA's location, great for a walk after wards if you're on your first date.
Perusing the menu of this upscale Mexican restaurant in the Scottsdale Quarter I was initially impressed by the variety and selection of ingredients. I was then highly amused when I read the description around the ceviche indicating it was made with fresh sashimi grade "local fish". We live in the desert. A big one. If they are using fresh "local" fish it would have to be from Tempe Town Lake or the Arizona Canal. And I dunno about you, but I ain't eating that - cooked even. I did find out later the company originates out of California and it appears they just reprinted the menus and/or got a bulk deal and didn't update it for the Scottsdale location. Detail oriented. The menu does offer lots of hearty brunch options and a wide variety of 'specialty' tacos. The waitress initially brought out some large corn chip type things, dusted with paprika and several accoutrements. I don't eat corn, but tried a couple of the items that came along with the chips (because for some reason she really talked this stuff up, like as in one of those awkward "why is my waitress still talking" kind of talked it up. There was nothing worth having talked my ear off about. Anyway, when she stopped talking, she walked away, without taking a drink order. When I did finally see her again, I ordered a mimosa, which showed up quite some time later. The bar was dead and the restaurant wasn't that full, so I am not really sure what could take so long about putting orange juice and bubbly wine in a glass. I can forgive a lot if someone keeps my cocktail full; this continued to be a challenge throughout lunch. When the gal came back to ask for our orders and whether we had questions, I had two. One, are the tacos all on corn, or can they be made on flour; and, which items on the menu have a little bit of a kick or heat to them. The first question was responded to with, "No. Traditionally Mexican tacos are made on corn tortillas," which was put to me in the same tone of voice my mother uses when she can't believe what just came out of my mouth. BEGIN RANT: "Traditionally" not ALL tacos are made on corn tortillas. In Oaxaca, in Central Mexico, yes, but in Sonora or down the Baja the locals very often utilize flour tortillas. This place professes to be all about Baja style food and in all my times up and down in the region I have actually never had one Mexican, in a restaurant, in a road side stand or otherwise, tell me they couldn't make whatever I asked for on a flour tortilla. Anyway, a simple "No, I'm sorry, we don't use flour tortillas," or "No. But let me suggest..." would have sufficed, rather than providing me with a snotty response as to why this "authentic Mexican cantina" located in one of the most affluent shopping centers in all of Scottsdale, without one non-white person to be seen, can't be bothered with catering to the masses. I am pretty sure 98% of my annoyance here was in the delivery. If you don't like being nice to people, you probably shouldn't be working for tips. END RANT.My next question, as to whether any items on the menu had green chiles or any heat behind them and the waitress pointed out a taco (see above) I had already indicated I wasn't interested in and then reminded me about the weak sauce on the table that had come out with the much hyped corn ships. I asked her again later if they had anything hotter (yes I am one of those people) and she mumbled something and pointed to this stuff on the table AND WALKED AWAY, again without offering another option or suggestion.I gave up on the Mexican food and ordered a crab cakes benedict off the brunch menu. The good news here is that the crab cakes were amazing, and the eggs cooked perfectly. And you know, authentic Mexican restaurants are known for their crab cakes benedict. They pair this (I guess to Mexican it up) with refried black beans, but they made absolutely no sense with the dish as a whole, and weren't very flavorful. I left them on the plate virtually untouched, along with the (very Mexican) fried bacon laid on top of them. My lunch date ordered a couple of the $7-8 individual tacos. He was happy and they had good flavor and nice elements. So that's all swell. I just don't get the price. I have no problem with expense, if the purchase is worth it. I think my breakfast was $18, but for crab cakes benedict, which is on par with what I would expect. I realize most of this review has to do with service, but overall our waitress was not only unprofessional and not helpful, but she was kind of rude. Maybe she should spend a little time working in an actual "authentic" Mexican cantina, where they would expect that she provide better customer service for a $1 taco than we received here for a $60 lunch.
This place caused me to insult my family.  I actually said to someone after lunch, "coming here makes me angry to have grown up eating white bread and hotdish".  I mean seriously, didn't anyone know how to use spices?  Anyway, I love my family, despite of that, and I love this place too.  I dated a girl from Baghdad in my college days and she introduced me to a whole new culture of food, and for that I will always be appreciative.  When things went south, my love for this type of food never faded.  Al-Hana is a gem, in a horrendous part of town, but it's worth seeking out.  I'm usually long-winded in my descriptions, but really I love everything I've eaten here.  Not one single complaint.  The beef shawarma and kafta kebab are my favorites.  Beware browsing the surround aisles of Baiz...there's too many things you'll want to buy.  $7.99 for a liter of grapeseed oil, are you effing kidding me?  Turn down the music, wear neutral colors, and chow down on dirt cheap, awesome food.  Enjoy.
Many people don't know it, but even though Barro's is a chain you'll see in various locations, it's a LOCAL chain, family owned and operated.They established here in Phoenix circa 1984 (i think it was) and have grown and expanded all over AZ quite successfully ever since.The best pizza in town, even if service is a little inconsistent.
The Original Twangy Tart that made my heart go Buck Wild ............... Yeah, that was the Original Location also....... This new one, not so much as a pitter patter. They were having a Grand Opening special, all orders 50% off so that was cool. It's Very Small and you Serve Yourself now, too bad the fruit wasn't looking very fresh. The Twangy Tart was anything but. Seriously it just tasted like plain milk, no twang. The Creamy Blueberry, not so creamy but very tarty, almost in a pixie stix kinda away, actually that's exactly what it tasted like. Sadly I don't think I'd come here again given the other options I have for frozen yogurt. Sorry Ice Tango.
The City of Angles, Los Angles, has to be one of my favorite foodie destinations. Pretty much every food trend over the past 5 years or so has its epicenter in LA. From Korean style frozen yogurt to cupcakes and now food trucks, the people of LA know a good thing when they taste it. While all of these trends have some how made their way to the Valley of the Sun, there's one thing that I've never been able to find here, garlic sauce like the one that's served at the LA institution Zankou Chicken.  If you've heard of Zankou and its amazing Lebanese chicken and tangy fluffy garlic sauce you know exactly what I mean when I say it's ethereal. For those who've never tried it either pack an overnight bag and head to LA or drive down to 20th Street and Van Buren to Al-Hana inside of Baiz market, its the closest thing to Zankou Chicken in Phoenix and its close location makes it even better.The area located around Baiz Market might seem a little rough around the edges but the market itself is clean, well lit and packed with all sorts of interesting Middle Eastern grocery items from dairy and fresh produce to meat and hookah paraphernalia. Tucked in the corner of the market is Al-Hana, a postage stamp sized restaurant specializing in, you guessed it Middle Eastern cooking. While the offerings might seem typical the flavors are bold and shouldn't be missed. The creamy roasted eggplant dip Babaghannuj ($4.49) had a smokiness usually not found in many other places. Al-Hana leaves their version thick and chunky with just the right amount of olive oil drizzled over the top. Ordering the Falafel Plate ($5.99) will get you 6 deep fried cumin scented pucks of ground chickpeas and fava beans. Pile a couple of these onto a freshly baked pita, slather with tahini and enjoy the crunch. Id also highly recommend the Labneh Pie ($2.99) which is filled with labneh, a Lebanese cream cheese, onions and tomatoes all baked in a light tender crust. The main dish for me was of course the Whole Roasted Chicken ($9.99). It comes with pita, pickles and garlic sauce. The chicken itself is so well seasoned and juicy it would seem like a crime to adorn it with anything until you get some garlic sauce on it. The texture is light and fluffy, almost like a garlicky mayonnaise. After one taste you might ask them for another container, seriously delicious. After a wonderful meal you'd think there wouldn't be enough room left for desert, but my rule is there's always room. With that I sauntered to the back of Baiz Market where their in store bakery is located, most of the case filled delights are around $2 each including a flaky syrup soaked baklava. While I love LA, knowing that I don't have to drive 300 miles to get my garlic sauce fix makes the drive across town all the tastier. Al-Hana inside Baiz MarketOpen Daily
I have come here a couple times because I love the layout for working... Good table space, good wifi, and decent coffee.. a good place to meet people to work too. But holy crap, who are they hiring? There is one girl here who constantly is cursing at absurd volume levels and doesn't stop complaining about everything. The others don't do anything during the slow parts of the day other than "hang out" and talk loudly about their lives, sometimes complaining about work. (They could use that time to clean up a bit, there are dust bunnies everywhere and pretty close to food/drink.) They also seem to use the coffee shop as a place to play their own music, which is usually really loud metal or rock.  This place is really dropping on my scale of places to work. Too bad, the good qualities are just being squashed by the people working here.
Update timeI had an eggplant sauteed in olive oil and spices, served on a hoagie roll with 3 cheeses, and egg, lettuce, tomato and a sprinkle of salt and pepper. IT ROCKEDBobby will customize anything you ask if he has the food to make it. JUST ASK.No sides just plenty of sandwich.
i mentioned in my review of the Tempe Z-Tejas that i like their food. What the Scottsdale location does better than Tempe is service and location. You can either enter from outside or from inside the mall. i prefer to mix my pure hatred of shopping with a delectable tortilla soup and some sweet corn bread served with honey butter. every time i've come here, i've come alone. i've never been mistreated as single patrons sometimes are, and i've always been surprised at the quality of my service.
I distinctly recall my first visit to Toys-R-Us after years of scouring the aisles of the local Kay Bees in the shopping malls. Toys-R-Us was in its own building, its own building! And, upon entry, I was overwhelmed and even a bit frightened. I had no idea such diversity existed in the toy world, at least outside of the Sears catalog. Unfortunately, I wasn't ready for it and I never really gave up Kay Bee or the more cozy and convenient setting of Kay Bee (much easier when the family is already at the mall)...still, I am quite sure I missed out on many hunks of plastic, like, wait, the GI Joe Hovercraft has a mini hovercraft that mounts on the hovercraft! Well...no more. When I first experienced Total Wine on the East Coast, I was ready. And when this Camelback location opened, I was more than ready. This is your one stop Toys-R-Us (with a much better interior) for adults. Don't get me wrong, the cozy confines of your local wine store still can offer great things, but can they offer 8-10+ rows of wine, plus what seems like 200+ kinds of vodka, 150+ bourbons, 100+ rums, etc...great beer, 6-packs and many singles (including a great Belgian and unique European import offering), cigars, and liquors with hovercrafts? Total Wine can! The selection for beer, wine, liquor, mixers, and even cigars is great and unmatched in the area.  Your legal vice can be fully fed, and then some. On top of that, they offer decent pricing and helpful service. Sure, there are some wines you might find at Sportsman's and not here, but don't mistake Total for a Wal-Mart or even BevMo. Total is its own special place...in its own building. I have one warning -- don't grab a cart unless you must. No matter what intentions you may have, once the cart is in your hands, it will magically become filled. You've been warned.
Went on a perfect day to shop... Superbowl Sunday, after the game already started.  It was like my very own store!  I had heard this was the mother load of all grocery stores in Phoenix, so I spent 2 hours in there.  Just to get the feel and lay of the land.  LOVE IT!Besides doing all my grocery shopping, I will point out the cool things about this SIGNATURE MARKETPLACE.Covered parking with the option of valet and having your car washed while shop.  Pretty cool.Great furniture selection.  Seriously.  Saw a desk and shelf set that I think I have to have.There is a wine bar inside.  With stools, a TV and a bartender.Smoothie Bar- yum!Bakery is out of this world- attentive staff to help you make selection.  A large variety of bakery items and breads.  CARB HEAVEN!There is a mini whole foods inside the store.A mini bed bath and beyond as well.And a mini best buy.I love it.  I can't wait to go back.The fruit and veggie section is gorgeous too!
I don't eat 'bad' around the holidays for good reason. However, I have people around me that wish to sabotage the wonderful principles I have about eating healthy and not stuff myself throughout the entire year, by bringing home items like cookies, pies, cupcakes and cinnamon rolls. More recently this physique destruction has been in the form of cookies from Cookies in Bloom. They're are so amazing, just all that you could want in a Christmas cookie and more. I've eaten about two so far, and about to have another right now! And their design are just so adorable. I felt really bad biting into that snowman's behind, but he asked for it. And $3/per cookie makes you feel really guilty if you don't eat them, since the person that bought them decided they weren't exactly what they were looking for. (My mom is secretly jealous of my size 2 figure...)These fun cookies also come arranged in baskets and designed for all holidays and occasions. I'm really trying to watch it, but I can't resist them...you know, Bikram's can only do so much for you when you overly eat sugary sweets like this on purpose.
One star reviews are really rare for me, So much so, that, if I am giving a one star review, I will usually just not even bother to write the review. Coach and Willie's probably deserves better, but for what we paid and the quality of food we got, I have to do what I have to do.  Here goes...We had been given tickets to the Diamondbacks game and, not too familiar with the area, this was the first place we found. The game was starting in a little over an hour when we showed up. Even at that, we did not get bad service, the one star is primarily directed at the food, which was not good.I get very dismayed when something on the menu sounds really good and is such a disappointment. I ordered the Baja Fish Wrap. I love fish tacos and this sounded like something in the same vein. They do give you a choice of sides. I chose the wedge salad. The fish was bland. The lavosh wrap around it was soggy and falling apart. The menu promised spicy sauce... again bland. The wedge salad was a travesty. It was just an unwieldy wedge of lettuce with a small amount of dressing on it. It took up over half the plate. When you tried to cut it it made everything slide off the other side. I gave up on it after the first few bites. It wasn't worth the work and mess. My wife had a nearly identical experience with her tequlila-lime chicken wrap... no flavor at all in any of the food.These sandwiches and two drinks cost us over $50. Hence, one star. We won't be going back here.
I want this review to reflect heavily on the food at Dick's Hideaway! The atmosphere was fantastic, and exactly what I like...but oh my did Richardson's do one hell of a job in the kitchen. I really didn't even know just how much I adored New Mexican style food until I ate here. I went here for breakfast and got the carne adovada and my girlfriend went with the chile rellenos. The adovada was through the roof delicious! Smokey, spicy, salty and prefectly tender! It was some of the best adovada that I've experienced, period. Fast forward to me getting around to trying the rellenos and you would have seen me with my lower jaw hitting the table (after chewing and swallowing of course). They were incredible; like, seriously incredible! My girlfriend won the battle of, "Whose cuisine will reign supreme?" hands down! I must eat those again! The last part of the meal that I feel needs recognition is the grapefruit juice. Sounds silly, but it was also amazing. It was so fresh that I'm surprised I didn't find some of the peel in it!Dick's Hideaway is a must try! Richardson'st impressed the hell out of me, and I can't wait to go and eat more of their delicious food!
I don't know how people can eat here. The food is all grease and fat. The grease in which they deep fry everything is 'off' I think - like they haven't changed it out since the 1980s... everything tastes the same and not in a good way. In fact, everything about this place is like a blast from the past - it's like walking into a museum featuring restaurant cliches from 25 years ago.I felt dirty and greasy just walking into the joint. The entire place is covered in a layer of film that's neither sticky nor slimy, but truly disturbing. The smells emanating from this place both inside and out are all pretty offensive too. The quality of the ingredients used is all very low. I wouldn't ever recommend coming here to eat. We sampled quite a few different items and they were all vile and made me both regret their consumption and consider regurgitation. The sliders were a joke - how do you make greasy bread? Fries are made more of oil than potato. Pizza puffs are basically a twist on a mozzarella stick only wetter and less healthy (however healthy deep fried cheese could be).  There was one saving grace though - the salads seem to be decent. I won't be returning though.
EVERYONE hyped this place up waaaaay too much. I waited with 2 friends for 1.5 hours. I got a Cheese/Sausage omelet with grilled onions... it came with a piece of toast, 2 eggs (I think), and hash browns.People seem to talk about the hash browns... I don't see whats so special. Shredded potato that's burnt on the top and bottom, while hella soggy in the middle... is not my idea of damn good hash browns.In my honest opinion, if you like A LOT of butter on everything, as well as waiting in line for a hour and a half, for a chance to sit down in a crazy small restaurant... then this is the breakfast stop for you.
Absolutely THE BEST iced coffee.  The coffee is fantastic and the ice they use (it's like pebbles of ice and it takes a long time to melt, so your drink is super cold) really makes this the best cup of iced coffee in the area.  The blended drinks are so much better than any those sugar-coma frappuccinos that Starbucks serves.  Free Wifi, great outdoor seating area, and friendly staff.  As good as it gets.
I would tear a hamstring to run as fast as I could from this place. Went there for the first time last night. Food is gross. Service sucks. It's uncomfortable. There really isn't one good thing I can say about it. Run away. You'll thank me.
I've been itching to go to FEZ for a long time based on all the other wonderful reviews. I drive by FEZ nearly every day as I work just down the street.  Finally went with a buddy of mine and I got razzed more than I'd like for picking out a sub-par place! That is factoring in the food and the service. I'd probably give 2.5, 3 stars for the food. I'd give 1.5 stars for the service.  Went on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all, although the service would have suggested otherwise. Now don't get me wrong, the waitress was very pleasant and personable, but the time that went by before we got refills or that my dining companion's DIET COKE was fixed to a regular coke took too long. Me not being a soda drink couldn't care less about diet vs. regular but I know, I know, you soda drinkers need to have it exactly as you're taste buds know. The food: I already had a lunch so just got the kisra and hummus.  I must  say I was extremely impressed with the taste of the kisra....actually...I would come here for the kisra and hummus for lunch, for sure. But I would get it to go. I wouldn't come back on a lazy Sunday afternoon b/c although I'm being lazy, I don't want the service lazy.  On to my friend's lunch...he got the All-American Burger. To me, this should have come on a sesame seed bun, what's more American other than apple pie,right?  Now I understand the Mediterranean flair that is FEZ, but it just didn't seem right to call it All-American when it's more like half-American....and his salt and pepper fries were not even warm-ish. And they tasted reheated. boo.We both decided this would maybe have been a better time had if we were there in the evening. I think we'll give it one more try at night and see if we don't enjoy it a little more.Maybe my hopes were built up b/c of all the other great reviews, maybe we came at a bad time, maybe he ordered the wrong item. Maybe I'll give FEZ another shot....but I'm not in a hurry to do that right now.
Ok, found a new place to eat Chinese food in the QC.  This place was the best Chinese I have had here in the area.  I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for some good Chinese food.  I had the sesame chicken, and we also got the sweet & sour chicken and veggie order.  Everyone was happy and each "single" serving can easily feed two big sized people.
This is a gift to Scottsdale. As small as it is I was surprised at how much character it musters. The atmosphere, staff and food are all enchanting. I suggest sitting at the bar facing the chefs so you can watch their every move. My pork shank was decedent as were the leeks.  The menu is constantly changing and features locally sourced organic ingredients. Bonus Tip: If you're waiting on a seat, Kazimierz is right next door for a quick glass of wine.
I have been to Alice Cooperstown MANY times over the years but it was the most recent experience that made me think back to all those times and wonder why it is I keep coming back? The food is bland. I don't know how much simplier I can be. The Big Unit--Bland. The Ryne Sandburger--Bland. French Fries---DOUBLE bland. Onion Rings---Bland. The BBQ dipping dauce for the onion rings--BLAND. There is absolutely NO FLAVOR to this food! Thank God for ketchup and mustard cuz otherwise it would have been your basic hosptial food. And every other time I've gone here, it's been bland bland bland food. Nothing pops at this restaurant when it comes to the food. And the drinks...blah at best. I once ordered a Waborita and had to send it back three because it was so watered down. You'd have to spend a lot of money to get a buzz on at this place because the drinks are very watered down. The beers are crisp and fresh, but the drinks..not so much. Now if you are looking for ATMOSPHERE, Cooperstown is your place.  The staff all have the Alice Cooper-esque eye-liner which is cool. There is Alice memoribilia covering every inch of every wall in the place. And of course all good theme restaurants have a gift shop.  They have great live bands that come out to play and when there is no band, they have great piped in music too.  Cooperstown is a novel place to take out-of-town guests before a game, but if it's just you and your family, you won't feel empty if you skip it.  It's just too much money to spend on very bland, uneventful food.
Being a fan of expensive and interesting cuisine, I have to say that this place is one of the few that in the food category get it right in Phoenix. The concept of the customized menu and course selection is pretty amazing and certainly something you should share with out of town guests, or a great date. The service was actually some of the best I've ever had in Arizona. On the downside, the decor is lacking and doesn't match the level of the food or service - a flaw in design for sure. (For a $115 meal, I expect more than cafe decor and a a stinky bathroom with exposed plumbing issues.)
This place fills a gap that is definitely needed in the area. Fast, delicious, and relatively cheap breakfast food and coffee. Yesterday I had the low carb breakfast in a tomato basil wrap - warm eggs, fresh greens, potato, and pesto sauce. It was fantastic! The iced coffee was smooth, almost-carmely (not sweet), and delicious. I highly recommend this place any day. Oh, and they're open early! Beyond the food, the place looks great and has a beautiful patio. It stands out amongst some of the eyesore plazas of Apache. The only down side - they close at 4pm.
I.  LOVE.  GELATO.That said, Gelato Spot is right up my alley and if you love gelato (it doesn't even have to be as much as I love it - you can just like it or never have tried it) you should check it out.  I haven't had a bad flavor and you can ensure that by sampling as many as you'd like before making that ultimate decision.  They elimiate the "I might not like it once I try it" regret.They offer scooped gelato, gelato shakes, gelato desserts, gelato sundaes - almost enough variety to rival the endless shrimp list of Forrest Gump's Bubba, but not quite. =)If you haven't had a gelato experience, Gelato Spot is a great place for the maiden voyage.  The staff are very friendly and they will help you navigate the ways of the gelato.  I've also been to the Scottsdale location and it is equally tasty.  Enjoy!
PV isn't as nasty as everyone says. So what if the bathroom door is merely propped up against the doorframe and the guy with the eye-patch sitting at the end of the bar won't stop smiling and licking his lips? The drinks are cheap and it's got real soul. Despite the bar's appearance the bartenders are all really friendly and surprisingly witty. It's cash only though, which can be shitty if you're not prepared. And then there's the mop. It's always there! Hanging on that wire.Highlight: The patio outside feels like your friend's friend's trashy backyard: lots of chairs haphazardly arranged around a small dirt/cement area, all of which have missing legs and/or the seats busted out.
I'm not sure why I'm bothering to review Fate myself, since dozens of other people have already done so. I guess it's because I've become a little disillusioned with the place.My husband and his friends have come here all the time for years. Often, they bring me, and I love the food. The tofu is always perfectly crispy, the dishes (especially the chow fun) are excellent and the drink menu is fun and creative.So why 3 stars?Simply, this place has developed a really bad attitude. Fate is like that friend in middle school who suddenly decided she was "too cool" for you, and started moving away from  you at the lunch table and then sabotaging your cheer leading routines.Last time we came here, the bar next door to it had just opened -- so we made some allowances for slowness -- but STILL. We made reservations and still had to wait an hour. That's ridiculous. Then we had just purchased expensive drinks and were not allowed to bring them to the restaurant. No apologies, nothing.That particular night, after an hour, we were still table-less and  about to leave, as we had seen plenty of couples who were apparently *friends* with the waitstaff (and who had come much later than we had) get seated, while we waited... and waited.. .and waited... Finally, the owner of the restaurant saw us complaining, recognized my husband's friend, and found us seating.Now, a few days ago, we called to make reservations and dared to ask if they had something earlier than 9:30. What did we get? A snappy, smart ass response.No thanks, Fate. There are plenty of other places opening up downtown and we'll start to take our business there. I love what you're doing to downtown Phoenix, but that slowly swelling head on your shoulders isn't attractive.
We ate here last night with a friend.  Everyone was friendly and eager to show us what the place was about.  I have to agree about the rock in the middle of the room.  I foresee some drunken frat boy trying to climb on top and really hurting himself.  The room is small and dark with a nice bar area and dining booths surrounding the back of the room.  There is an open window by the bar that lets in some natural light which is nice.On to the food & drinks.  I ordered the Hello Kitty, which tasted like a strawberry daiquiri.  Between the three of us, we ordered the hot rock ahi tuna, chopped salad with wasabi peas, grilled lobster spring rolls, dumplings, tempura rock shrimp, and teriyaki pork ribs.  The hot rock ahi tuna was okay, but I had better at Taneko.  I really could not taste any of the lobster in the spring rolls at all, so hard to really rate it.  The teriyaki pork ribs were very nice and tender, falling right off the bone.  The sticky rice they advertised is not sticky rice.  It's just rice.  All of the other dishes were good, not great.I had a real problem with the portion sizes.  I have had tapas and been to Sea Saw a few times so I am used to the small dishe/sharing concept.  But their portions were inconsistent.  On some dishes, there was enough to share among 3 people (but just barely).  On other dishes, there was only enough for 2.  I guess you will have to double up on everything, but then be prepared for a really large bill!The karaoke rooms are really small.  You could maybe fit four-five people comfortably.  Any more and I'd imagine you're basically sitting and singing right on top of each other.  All in all, an okay night.  Our bill came out to about $35/person (before tax + tip).  I felt a little let down, because I love Stingray Sushi and Drift.  So, this was a disappointing 3 stars.  I think I will be back, but only for drinks.
So, the BF and I ate here on Saturday in the afternoon as I had noticed it on a recent shopping trip to the Biltmore. The decor and ambiance is first class and I found our service to be pretty good, but rich...oh my gosh!! I didn't need to eat anything the rest of the day (which is super unusual for me!) as I was so full from our lunch! It felt like everything was loaded with duck fat, truffle oil and butter, which normally I would not complain about, but this was too much! We were starving when we arrived, so right away we ordered a yummy bottle of champagne (interesting wine list!), the duck confit salad and the truffle fries that we had spotted as we were seated at our table. The fries were delicious and the portion was huge! The salad was very tasty, but we were both surprised by the large duck leg and thigh on the plate with a yummy, ashy piece of Humboldt Fog cheese and small bunch of greens. It was good, but my goodness was it rich! The BF was still hungry (how, I have no idea!) and had been eying the polenta and veggie sides, so we ordered those as well. Both were legitimately dripping in butter. Again, I am a girl who loves a rich meal, but this was a bit much! I will say that as we were leaving, Crush (the attached bar) was packed and both the BF and I commented that we would be up for trying the bar soon as it looked like a fun place to hang out and enjoy their happy hour. All in all, be prepared for over the top, decadent options that individually are bombs, but all together is a little too much!
This place was such a nice surprise! I found the restaurant by chance looking through restaurant.com, and I hadn't found an acceptable Japanese restaurant since I moved here.We had the What the Heck and the Screamin' Roll, ahi tuna sashimi, an unagi roll, house seasoned edamame, and a house salad. Everything was fresh and delicious! The house salad dressing was a bit on the sweet side, but it's just a small blip in an otherwise delicious meal. It was interesting to eat a roll with a jalapeno, tomato and onion mix on top. Got a bit of local flair in their sushi menu! It was delicious though. The family running the restaurant is so nice! We got a chance to talk to the chef, Johnny, who was taking a break outside when we left after the meal. He was so friendly and sweet! He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table. We will definitely be back! There are plenty of other rolls we need to try.
Chipotle makes life easy.They serve 3 things.Burritos, Tacos, and Salads.Just 3.But they serve those 3 things THOUSANDS of ways,With or without 3 kinds of meat (and yes, you can have a little of each.... I have done that when I couldn't decide), with or without any of 7-10 different ingredients. And yes, you can have your burrito without the tortilla.Don't expect table service.  What you get is glorified fast food.  The disadvantage is that you have to get your own meal in line.  The advantage is that you don't have to wait, and you get it exactly the way you want it.The food is healthy.  Healthy, as in not full of chemicals.  It is still gonna have all the calories... maybe even a few extra, but  the meats are hormone and antibiotic free, the beans are organic, and the sour cream is hormone free too.I don't eat the tortillas... i'm into the bowls.
Okay, I'm a firm believer in three strikes you're out.  I gave it two tries, but I couldn't even stomach a third time at this place.  God!!!!  I sooooooo wanted to love this little quirky place that reminded me of the beach stands in the few remaining un-yuppified beach towns in California. Well, the atmosphere is there, right down to the funny guys that work the place.  Food is pretty much like music for me, I like all music and I like all food.  I can pretty much find something good in every meal....but not so today.  I take that back...the salsa verde was some of the best I have had.  First try there....wet soggy flavorless fish tacos.This weekend, I sent my hubby down for a couple of burritos (recommended by yelp reviewers actually), I knew it was a gamble, and I wanted to be able to give a good review, so I picked something everyone said was consistently good.  The green beef burrito.  Hubby had a hot dog of some sort.  Little had a bean, cheese and rice burrito.  We were 0 for 0.  My burrito....so cold the cheese didn't melt, so big it couldn't even fold and so wet the tortilla melted.  I don't know if it was so disturbing to eat that I couldn't taste it, or if it just had none.  My husband's hot dog grossed me out just at presentation.  He started to make something else and I said, well at least try it, he did and he had to choke it down.  Little has NEVER turned down a bean and cheese but she took one bite and never looked back.  I want places like this to stick around so bad I'm tempted to print out these reviews and mail them to them.  I'm on a bad review streak.  Gotsta find some good eats soon, maybe Golden Buddah for lunch will turn me around!
A Hangar Cafe Haiku:Butter Colored GreaseMagical, Viscous PondOn Plate, In BodyThe Japanese really had something going with these haiku.  If it isn't worth saying in 17 syllables, is it really worth saying at all?  True, this is contrary to every facet of my conversational style, but...I look for only two things in a breakfast place.  Eggs and hash browns.  If there are eggs and hash browns at a restaurant, it is a-ok.  But if you go to Hangar and sit at the bar, you will see them slathering a paintbrush into a golden vat and then smearing what comes out onto english muffins, into recipes, on to the griddle, and so on.  And that warms my heart in a way that would make every nutritionist cringe.  The bacon is cooked to that sublime level of disintegration where it just melts in your mouth.  Pancakes--decent.  French toast?  Actually quite palatable.But the chicken fried steak? Now we're talking!  A dish that comes with all four of the food groups (i.e. butter, fat, grease, lard) making a succulent primordial soup on your plate.  Bursting with flavorful morsels of sausage and beef.  The perfect hangover cure, and by that I mean that if you're hungover, go stuff yourself with this meal and you'll want to die, but at least not because of the alcohol you drank.  Everyone wins, kinda.Note: at 11, they no longer serve breakfast and who wants lunch after what I just explained to you?  Although I did have a croissant club sandwich and it was very respectable!  Just not, you know, chicken fried steak.There sometimes is a wait.  Deal.  Because if you're looking for a greasy spoon, you just found it.
You do get what you pay for!!!.  Had a convention in Scottsdale and wanted to find something more reasonable then the Scottsdale resorts.  Happened upon the Scottsdale Athletic Club and it looked great.  The price was slammin' so I encouraged a colleague and client to get reservations.The rooms had all the charm of Motel 6.  I was really disappointed and embarrassed for my client.  Found myself saying I'm sorry over and over again.  Hope I can save some fellow Yelpers from the same experience.
This is a restaurant with great beers on tap plus bar and frequent promo nights. Definitely go when there is one - the reps are great to talk to and swag is often generous. It's far for me, I don't go often, but I'm giving this a somewhat mixed review with a downward turn.Beer selection is decent, but I hate the chalice glasses for the higher alcohol beers. Just give me a snifter. I guess they break too often, too many rookies,so they go with the dollar store chalice for durability. Yes I've seen them at Dollar Tree.I'm mainly addressing the food.I ordered the fish n chips. I knew it wasn't gonna be British style, but I still have my complaints - the fish was 3 small pieces rather than 2 large ones, and the batter was RUBBERY!! I could literally stretch the fish pieces apart. I hated that! So annoying! I think my fish was pre-cooked and then microwaved, that's why the batter was rubbery. GRRRRRRR!!! I STRONGLY SUSPECT THIS!!! I hope whoever reads this who works there, that they feel royally BUSTED! You make me ANGRY AS F*&%!!! Learn how to do crispy fish the British way!Also not much fish volume. Again, I was expecting two decently sized fish pieces. The fries were good, no complaints there. I sampled my friend's sweet potato fries from his pork sandwich, they were good too, good texture. I glanced at my friend's BBQ pork sandwich, it had bacon on it, and came with BBQ sauce on the side. I tasted the sauce. Spicy and delicious! ZING! My friend pulled off some bacon from the sandwich. Not like him to do that, he's a bacon FREAK like I am. I look closer. The bacon wasn't cooked all the way, it was rubbery and fatty. COME ON!!My other friend ordered a gyro and fries. The meat was barely represented. CHINSE!One amazing thing I will note however, was that even though the place was full (not packed), the food came out LIGHTNING FAST. Maybe too fast, not enough time to cook the bacon all the way or do decent fish.The good service keeps you from getting ONE star.I should've eaten at Angels Trumpet instead.
Ok --  I'm not sure if my husband and I went on an off night or if our waiter was the one that just didn;t make this a "5 Star" experience for us.  Not sure...We got there and just LOVED the lady that greeted us (owner?  she was amazing).  Our table wasn't quite ready but, hey, thats ok!  I was ready for a drink at the bar and I was looking pretty good so I thought I'd be the vamp at the bar that night.  What a cute restaurant!!  The Bartender was AWESOME and had a shot of Limoncello with us.  We loved him immediately.We sat down, and our waiter came over.  An older dude that was very sweet and he told us our specials.  We split the Beef Carpaccio and it was very good -- a little low on salt -- but very yummy.  I had the scampi special and my hubby had the Wild Boar Tagliatelli -- yummy but missing something.  My Scampi was really not as flavorful as I would have liked -- but it was good.  You can tell the pasta is fresh and I just love that.Our waiter left us alone for a long time and didn't check back as often as I would have liked.  At the end, he only brought the dessert tray and did not tell us about all the other ice cream flavors they had.  I had to tell him -- because I heard it from all the other waiters when they told their tables.  Now wassup with that?  Also, we were told by the bartender that we get a complimentary shot of limoncello at the end of our meal.  Never happened.  All the other tables did get one though -- so I think it was just our guy.There will be a second visit -- and I will make sure we get a different waiter.  I really wanted to love this place and the first visit didn't let me love it
Hands down the best buffet in Arizona. Seriously!I tried the sirloin, roast beef, shrimp, mussels, mahi, and pork. All were well prepared and fresh. I also saw crab legs, salads, pasta, pizza, and calamari. They have a ridiculously large desert selection too! The atmosphere is very modern and open, with an optional outdoor patio.It helps that this is in the new Talking Stick Resort & Casino, which offers several other upscale restaurants to explore. *Check out the 15th floor bar while you're here.
Wow. I have never been blown away by breakfast as I was here. Never.Simple. Hearty. Filling. Good price. What more can I ask for?I ordered (can't remember the name...my bad) a croissant with eggs, cheese and bacon in it which came with a side of fresh fruit. I was greeeeedy heffa and ordered a side of their homestyle potatoes/fries. OMG they were so good and a little different from what I've normally been served...they were buttery, creamy and tasted of dill or a different type of season one doesn't usually experience. The potatoes were soft and crunch at the SAME TIME~ I know, I'm so easy to please...but it was so worth it.Hubby ordered the Three Musketeers and he was suitably impressed as well...he cleared everything off on his plate and looked so happy. After an early start of hitting the mall (to get his computer fixed) and then me dragging him around Home Depot (lights needed to be replaced), this was such a lovely way to get in a late breakfast at 11am.I'll definitely be back to try their other items on the menu - it all looks so wonderful.
Wow! This place is amazing! I was visiting Phoenix, and drove to Chandler just to check this place out. I'm glad I did! I went here specially for their jerky. There were three flavors: Turkey, Cajun, and Regular. I asked Ralph which flavor does he recommend, and he gave me huge samples to try! They were all delicious, but I chose the Turkey and the Regular flavors. The turkey jerky was so tender and very lean. The regular jerky was smoky, just the way I like it! I wanted to try their steaks, but since I live in California, I obviously couldn't buy any to bring back home! Next time Von Hanson's, I will be prepared for you and bring ice packs and a cooler! No, I'm not joking.
4 stars because they carry Blue Bell Ice Cream (which is odd for a place trying to mimic a real NY deli). I had the Brox Bomber (corned beef, pastrami, provalone, mayo and mustard) with a side of mayonaise potatoe salad. It was good and quick.Downtown Chandler has really won me over.
I generally keep my positive reviews in the four-star range, mostly because I hate setting people's expectations too high. It's a defensive mechanism I truly really believe in.Unfortunately, I can't give Vitamin T anything less than a five-star review. My lunch experience today was so over-the-top wonderful and the food was so freaking perfect not even cynical (and possibly silly) personal philosophies can make scale down my praise. I mowed 3 carne asada tacos and walked away very full and beyond happy. The beef and vegetables were freshly prepared and the flour tortillas were big enough to act as sufficient vessels without overpowering my meat with their carbiness (it's a real word, look it up). The salsa bar (including sour cream) was stocked and kept clean. Special props for the pickled red peppers. So freaking great.Great job by Aaron May and Co. in capturing the spirit of street food without making the customer feel like they are eating food off the street.
Inside tip- ask for a "Claire Enchilada"- beans and avocado for a refreshing and one-of-a kind flavor.  The crumbled cheese is a fresher, healthier, and more flavor full way to prepare Mexican food- I will forever prefer this cheese over the gooey, slimy, fatty stuff used by other Mexican places.  For desert, be sure to request them to set aside a flan for you (otherwise they tend to run out on busier nights).  It is a secret family recipe that the woman who makes it for them refuses to ever divulge.  Again, this is unlike any flan you've ever experienced before.  Happy eating!Warmly,Kirin :)
I have found myself here a few times.  Mostly on Saturdays around 9 for thier Comedy Shows (and Reverse Happy Hour).  I have a thing for local comedy.  Yea, sometimes the comedians are a little rough around the edges but they all have to get their practice, test out their style and get their starts somewhere.   A few times I stick around later for the DJ.  They usually spin some great mixes and vary their DJs now and again.  When it gets packed the flow is a bit difficult and it can be tough to get a drink at the bar at that point.  When that happens I usually find my way back to a bar closer to home.
Chanpen is another one that I have avoided reviewing because I am not sure exactly how to convey how awesome it is. (disclaimer: I have only been once, so there is still room for error, but it was really good that one time!)My work-friend brought myself and a third lady from work to Chanpen. I had been looking for good thai on the west side. She said it was a hole in the wall.... she wasn't joking. But often those are the best places.We walked in (a little early for the dinner crowd) and the employees were sprawled out across the couch, watching thai soaps. I found this to be more humorous than irritating, after all it is a family place. We ordered SO.MUCH.FOOD. I thought i was going to die of overindulgence. Between the three of us, we had an appetizer sampler, 4 entree's, and rice. I can't remember all the entree's, but I know the pad thai was amazing. What's funny about me is that I don't like curry, I don't like coconut, and I'm not huge on peanut sauce. Well, that's like 90% of thai food. This place met and exceeded my picky-thai expectations. Oh, and I drank an entire pot of jasmine tea to myself. Needless to say, I went home that night and cleaned my entire apartment from top to bottom. Maybe it wasnt the caffeine.... maybe it was just a high from damn good thai!
I love Trader Vics!!!  We used to go to Trader Vics in Los Angeles and were so very excited to discover that they were opening a Scottsdale location.  My first experience was entirely forgettable....because I had two Tiki Puka Pukas.  Watch out!!  Make white girl go freaky freaky!!!  My husband enjoyed that one.I would recommend anything on the menu without reservation.  The fried rice is out of this world.  It's the one thing I will mention in particular.This location at the Valley Ho has a great outdoor seating area.  Go early though as it tends to get packed!  And I'd be surprised if you snagged a table without a reservation and without waiting for a long time.
Was in a rush to get to my gate, then discovered my flight was delayed a 1/2 hour.  Since I was starving, I decided to grab a quick bite at Nathans before my flight.I decided to get 2 Hot Dogs, $5.98.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cQMhOnD_92IUwu9QaGIbrQ?select=_JjLNM3ygygx7PeI83b74ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cQMhOnD_92IUwu9QaGIbrQ?select=SCB50-WT-wbnEbUppmr1oQThey had a nice *snap* to them....just the way I like it.  It's Nathan's, which is normally very good....but for some reason, the airport locations aren't as good.  This one was just average....but it did the job and I was no longer hungry.Return Factor - 60%
The BLD Iced Coffee is to die for! The sweetener they put in the coffee is just enough to give it something special. It is quite addicting. I was getting it daily on my way to work but since they changed their drive-thru hours to open an hour later (was 6am, now 7am), I can no longer brighten my morning with their coffee. Starbucks will have to do.
Pretty nice place to share a meal with someone you love. Even in my long sleeve button down and nice jeans I felt overdressed. My ribeye was cooked perfectly, but seemed to lack something that I just couldn't place. Pepper jack mac and cheese was delicious, probably the best mac and cheese I've ever had. My date's trio of meat was, um, interesting...the elk was a little gamey for me but the buffalo was awesome. Service here is incredible...we were the last table to leave and instead of ushering us out, we had a nice 20 minute conversation with our waiter (who shares a very rare last name with my date).
My friend who lives in Phoenix told me that finding really good asian food is a difficult task.  While I was visiting she told me she finally found a great Japanese restaurant. We went over the weekend and I must agree that it was up to par and I grew up eating authentic Japanese food at home.The have a very good happy hour Monday thru Friday from 3 to 6pm. The rolls and a few dishes along with alcohol are priced anywhere from $2-$5. I suggest you get there early. We got there around 5:15 and had an hour wait. We didn't make it for happy hour so we ordered off the regular menu.  I had hot Soba (buckwheat noodle) soup and Tofu Salad. The Soba soup was very good, I would skip the tofu salad next time, there wasn't anything special about it.   We also shared the Alaskan roll which comprised of cooked salmon, crab, cucumber and avocado. It was really good. For those of you who have never had Japanese style Italian food, it's quite a treat. If you can imagine Italian pasta with a twist such as soy sauce flavor, etc., it's something everyone who enjoy Japanese flavors should check out.We also noticed the dessert counter and decided to order a few things to go.  I got the strawberry shortcake - which is a very popular dessert in Japan and they made it perfectly.  Pound cake type sponge, fresh strawberry, light cream and overall not too sweet. My friend tried the chocolate tart and it was soooooooooooooooo good!Check it out if you live in the area!
You would think Jesus was making your pizza from all the other reviews.My guess is, you will absolutely love it there.  I don't like it it.  The pizzas are incredibly small for the price and there are better pizzas to be found right here in Phoenix that are less expensive and you won't have to wait a few hours to eat.The pizza itself is fine, it's not horrible or anything but it most certainly doesn't live up to the hype. The small space and huge demand means the tables are very close to each other.  If you are looking to a semi-private conversation over dinner, this isn't the place.  I suspect that to a lot of people there is a charm with the social interactions between the tables, just know that going in.
"The Vatican" skillet is yummy.  But the pancakes are to die for...something about 'em, whether it is because they are buttermilk, or whether it is because the syrup is served warm...I dunno.Other than that, this restaurant is pretty similar to a Cracker Barrel and the like.  Good, but I wouldn't go too far out of my way.
Just scroll down and read Jackie S.'s review.  I experienced the same service.  There's just better places to go for sushi; don't waste your time with this one.It's on a lame and fast street corner, too, and the view / activity is non-existent.You've got better things to do than sushi @ Pearl...Seriously.
Glad to have this yumminess somewhat close to my work.  I asked if it was hommemade and the answer was no but whatever, it tasted really good!  Really Really good!  I can't give more than 3 stars though b/c I have had better and a couple other places and I gave them 4 and 5 stars.Chill Out is a small little shop that we stopped in after lunch next door at The Nile Cafe.  I tried to go another time but it was closed so I was happy that I got to try it out this time!  The whole little shopping/dining strip is a pleasant suprise and really cute. I tried a few of the flavors, cookies and cream and bananas foster-- both were really yum.
My visit to Gingerroot was alright. Food was okay, we ordered some decent Lechon Kawaii, extremely chewy Calamari (do not order!), and some pretty delicious Sinigang soup! I guess everything can't be perfect, but it was satisfying :) I guess my biggest complaint would have to be the people eating here. Me and my hubby, and our 7-month old son decided to pop in here after hearing about it on yelp. As soon as I walked in, I kind of knew right away this wasn't a good place for families to eat, especially if you have children, (the place is extremely small, and set up a tad too fancy). More of a place for a small adult party.. anyway..   I left Gingerroot feeling pretty annoyed, and a little hurt.  Me and my fiance had been eating for about 10 min, we were the only ones in the restaurant. Around 7pm two men came in and sat by the TV.  Our son kept squealing and giggling, and they literally just looked disgusted and annoyed. One went as far as releasing a huge sigh and rolled his eyes after my baby shrieked pretty loudly. And kept talking about how loud and annoying babies are in english! At this point I felt really uncomfortable, these men had some serious attitude over nothing! I guess what they were looking for was a quiet, intimate dinner.. but with a large, loud, TV playing two and a half men, i dont understand why they were there anyway. I think they just wanted to huff and puff and stick their nose in the air to make themselves feel good for no reason at all.. Even though I prefer the food here at Gingerroot, i'd much rather go to Geepney Bistro where the people serving and eating there are much more humble. And I leave enjoying the experience.
Eggcited about their Buttermilk Pancakes!!The only thing I remember was their pancakes! They're butterlicous good!! The buttermilk pancakes are so rich in flavor, the whole thing's practically butter, but its just so darn goooooood! Eggs and bacon were standard -- tastes like you can make 'em @ home.Great Customer service!
Now, I'm not much of a meat-eater.  But I wanted to try this new spot in my neighborhood. Originally, i had though that the mushroom burger was a portobello mushroom burger, which is a bit more my speed, but after a quick explanation: a steak burger, made of ground steak, not like a steak sandwich.  This was enticing, especially since it was only 5 bucks for a meal.The burger and fries were served in a brown sack, and piping hot.  The burger was messy, greasy, and just plain DELICIOUS.  I like that I received hearty portions of WELL SEASONED food, and that the guy behind the counter was extra nice and answered all my questions.I give this place a thumbs up.  Although I have to join in on the french fry poll.. I wasn't too happy with the fries.  Had they fried them another 5 minutes, they would have been perfect.
A swanky, cozy place to land right in the heart of Old Town. Yes, Mabel's is the place to be seen.  It's an establishment striving to exude class and wealth. It's old fashioned done well. I don't have much to say about the cocktails since I don't drink anymore, but the bartenders were attentive nonetheless.  It's an ideal place to cozy up to your honey or eye that sexy someone across the room.
***After going to the NW corner (where I thought I was supposed to go, so much for relying on my memory...) Lulu's cupcakes pink lettered sign was a welcome beacon to the land of the delicious. On the inside was the counter with glass covered (cupcake stands. After much deliberation I settled on the Mood Elevator (a chocolate cupcake with a mocha-chocolate frosting and chocolate covered espresso bean, a Lemon cupcake (I'm sure it had a snazzy name, but I totally forgot to write it down), a Pumpkin cupcake, and D-cupcake, a vanilla cupcake with raspberry filling and a chocolate ganache frosting.Although smaller than the normal high-end bakery cupcakes (think normal made-at-home sizing) they are delicious. I often find with the bigger cakes its a struggle to finish them, and when I do I am so full I can't eat for hours...these cakes were perfect size for me. The cakes are moist and melt in your mouth with each bite. They have just enough frosting, you don't feel the need to knock off half a pound - it compliments the cake flavor well. I especially enjoyed my Mood Elevator, the chocolate was not too rich, making it difficult to finish, but instead was balanced well with the espresso icing. Overall, they were tasty, and I would go back again.This joint has a lot of repeat business, but it did seem like they make limited quantities of some cakes (Our party wiped out quite a few in stock) so, it may be best to call ahead and make sure they have what you want.
This is the very first time I have ever been here. I had never even heard of it before.  Nestled in a little shopping center that is half empty is Lobby's.I Ordered a regular Cheese burger with fries, Mario got a double.Less than $20.00 for both of us including the tip.What amazed me at first as we waited for our food, was how very sparkling clean the place was, Here they are cooking grease all day and the stainless steel was shiny like The Top of the Chrysler Building!Which means they fully scrub it down every night. When we did get our food it was amazing!!! Yes it was hot, fresh, and oh so good. You could see the meat had no fillers ,the tomato's were a bit unripe but other than that, it was fantastic. I wanted to save a little for the dog (to take home). But, I ate it all.Fries were also really good.  While we were there they had their meat delivery , and guess what ! It is fresh meat that will do home delivery from grain feed cattle. This place is the bomb of the Burger World. It is just as you made it at home. The staff was super good as well, very friendly and always busy.
Definitely the best Thai food restaurant in Chandler. Way better than Thai Rama or Latitude 8.The chicken larb is awesome and so flavorful. My usual is the pad thai, which is excellent here. I always have to ask for extra lime at other places but their pad Thai already has tons of lime flavor. Check it out! I don't want this place to go out of business!
I used to live right around the corner from this little treat, luckily it is close to work so we can still conveniently enjoy it! The ironic part of Moto for me, I absolutely LOVE sushi but I order other items on the menu here because they are so freakin' tasty. Two of my favorites include the Moto Chicken Salad (cabbage, chicken, peanuts, celery, green onion tossed in a light sesame vinagrette) and comes in 2 sizes - regular and large. The large is huge - fyi!The chicken teriyaki bowl is so "clean" - excellent pieces of all-white meat, no chewy surprises... with your choice of white or brown rice. I like the brown rice. The sauce is a sweeter version of teriyaki, but great consistency. Avoid the miso soup - just one salty mess. Randomly tried their dessert, called "Mojos" - and they really brought out the "fat kid" in me!!! These rolls consist of Nutella, brownie and ice-cream rolled out with a layer of rice krispie treat and then sliced. Gotta atleast try them once! Great little neighborhood joint. Spent many a night drinking wine on the adorable little patio area.
I liked this place. I picked up the stuff they had on the front page of the grand opening ad (coupons) It was all stuff we use or will be using. I spent 35 and saved 15.. The place is huge, seems to stock a crap load of everything. Prices seem good. Staff was helpful, bagging myself was not a problem.
Great place to start the night out!  It has a South Pacific theme.  Again lots of really sexy people....but where in Scottsdale are there not?   .  More girls than boys!  Right in the middle of everything! They do serve food but I've never ordered it here!
This review is on the store side, not the restaurant side, of chakra four. I love coming here for their loose leaf teas because they have so many, probably over 100 and you can smell all the jars and open them all up to your hearts content. Every one of them which I have smelled and then purchsed, tasted exactly as it smelled when I got home and brewed it. They are not cheap, but what you get is a high quality product and the people who work here are very nice. They also offer many medicinal herbs and suppliments with creative and sometimes humorus names.
OK, I will try to be nice here. But I will warn you, the two worst things that can happen to a customer in a restaurant happened to our party. :-( Sorry Lolo's but you fell a bit short. I was looking forward to the Lolo's Chicken and Waffles experience for quite some time now, and the 'rents invited the starving college student, Me, to breakfast. The wait was a bit out of control, however I had an open mind, apparently this place is kind of a big deal and I should be patient. So I was. When we finally got a table, perfectly set aside from everyone else so it would be easy to wrangle the toddler that was with us, good job Lolo's on this one!, we immediately ordered drinks, that all but two out of eight were wrong. No big deal though, it was fixed pretty fast, as there are a million employees there. I am pretty sure we never saw the same person more than once. One to take our drink order, a different to deliver our drinks, a different person to take our food order, you get the picture. Anyway, we are having a great time socializing then the food starts to take a little bit of time, but they are busy so we don't bitch about it. When the food finally came, that is when all hell essentially broke loose. The sever first dumped an entire cup of syrup down my dad back, on the chair and all over the floor. Dad was not happy needless to say, but didn't freak out. The poor kid apologized but no other employee, i.e. Manager, came by to help or apologize. THEN, right after the spillage, he handed me my food, which was totally wrong first of all, and there was a gigantic moth sitting a top my mac and cheese. That was par for the coarse folks. I mean look at the plate before leaving the kitchen people, hello! I am sure I will go back at some point in my life. However, with all that happened, and the lack of anyone in the joint giving two sh***s about our happiness, I wont be going out of my way.
So I finally got to check out Carly's last night for a life coaching session and some dinner with the lovely Georgie S. The restaurant is small and has few large tables so if you are bringing a small nation you may need reservations. It is a quaint dining area with a small bar at the back. Parking is easy enough with its own lot behind the building. The food was good, wouldn't say great. We had the Mediterranean Bruschetta, which had sun dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts. It was tasty. The bread has a nice crust, but was still soft. The roof of my mouth says thanks for that. I had the Ruben with a side of orzo salad. It was good as well, but could have used more pastrami. It was very thin and was not what I was expecting for the price. The orzo salad was also tiny. Maybe like an ice cream scoop size. Again, tasty, but left me wanting more. The beer prices are awesome though! They had Kronnenborg for $2 and Spaten lager for $4. This really seems to be the hook that gets you in. There was a delightful dessert that passed by the table. It was a Nutella Croissant. This would definitely be a nice little date place. I am sure it gets busy on Friday and Saturdays, especially 1st Fridays!
The menu only exists in order to know what the restaurant doesn't have.  I understand it's only been open a little over a month, but running out of just about everything means they are very poorly managed and have a very poor business model.I was here twice in April, "New England" month.  Unfortunately for them, I lived in Boston for 5 years.  Let's hope they don't try to do New England ever again in the future.  The chowder was terrible.  The RI style calamari was a joke.  There were literally 5 pieces of squid on the plate (and no lemon).  After those, I was too scared to order any of the other regional dishes.On my first visit, very shortly after they had opened, a friend ordered a Mai Tai right off the specialty drink menu.  It was served to her and she immediately noticed it was the wrong color.  "Where's the dark rum?"  "Oh we ran out of dark rum so I just put some more light rum in it."  Note to bartender - if someone orders a drink and you don't have the right ingredients, ask if they would mind a substitution.  My bet is that they might order something different.Later in the month on the second trip, we tried to order the crab mac and cheese.  Nope, sorry, out of crab mac and cheese.  So instead I ordered the Chop Salad.  Amazingly, it didn't have pine nuts and the smoked salmon somehow turned into grilled salmon.  By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.  Rather than attempt to fix the situation, the bartenders and servers all started to ignore us.  Finally the manager came over and I explained to him that what I had received in the Chop Salad wasn't anywhere close to what was described on the menu.  He literally asked me, "Oh, are you in the business?"  No, I just happen to be able to read, and I just happen to know what I'm eating.  He explained that they've been very busy and therefore had run out of lots of things.  Note to manager - smoked salmon, pine nuts, crab mac and cheese, and dark rum are not rare, exotic ingredients.  You run out of something, you go buy more.  Or you explain to customers that what they ordered isn't what they will get.  Apparently he didn't like hearing that there are some people that know the difference, and he started to treat us in a very condescending manner.  I'm not the douchebag here, buddy.  Clearly, YOU are the douchebag.  If you don't know how to run a restaurant, don't become a restaurant manager.  Simple.Oh, lest I forget.  We had actually ordered 2 chop salads after being told that they counted under the 2-for-1 entrees grand opening special.  When we got the check, we had to have the bartender remove one of the salads as we were charged for both.  Almost got us, Regions.  Almost got us.Since my group was in a small rush to get to the La Bocca Yelp event, the manager - Keith? Kyle? Kevin? - offered to buy us a round if we came back later.  Not ones to ever refuse free alcohol, we did return later in the night after the yelp event.  And we brought lots of friends - our group of 5 turned into 11, all ready and willing to give Regions our business.  Lo and behold, the manager didn't comp us a round of drinks, even though we made it clear that's why we had returned and we were wiling to stay there if shown some love.  All he had to do was take the 5 kamikaze shots off the bill and it might have made up for the rest of the night.  Guess not.  Well done.  Love the honesty.In conclusion:  food sucks, service sucks, management SUCKS.  But it benefits from a great location, so I'll probably wind up giving it another chance when in Tempe/Mill Ave.
Prettyyyyyy prettyyyyyy prettyyyyyy good! Everything that's been said about the chicken and waffles is pretty much on point.  Went here for breakfast and in addition to the chicken and waffles, I had the breakfast fries (chili cheese fries topped with an egg and green onions) which were fraggin' awesome.  Opted for the sweet tea this time, and wasn't as sweet as I had expected but still good.
This review is only for eating lunch at the in store restaurant.  I got back from my rounds just in time for a customer from out of town to suggest we go to lunch.  He had been here several times and suggested it.  We placed our orders, he had the half chicken combo and I ordered the chicken fajita combo, then went and got our drinks.  I couldn't pass up the horchata which I think is one of the better ones around.  We selected a table and waited, and waited.  After what seemed like quite a while we went back to the counter and were told they were out of chicken fajitas for the day so they had just held up both our meals and not called out to us.  What???  Anyway I changed my order to enchiladas and we got our food fairly quickly after that.  My lunch ended up not coming with the tortillas or the salad that is supposed to come with the combos but I had plenty to eat as it was.  The enchiladas were filled with crema fresca and topped with green sauce and were ok and the beans were topped with cotija cheese.  At $4.99 each the meals were a good value, too bad about the service as I took off a star for it.
What a freakin' huge organ!  That's what she said.Anyway, If I lived here, I probably wouldn't come to the Organ Stop on a regular basis since it really is more for tourists, children, or geriatrics.  However, as someone visiting the area, this was definitely worth checking out!  When the organ plays, it's too loud to have a conversation, but this was fine for me as the people in our group were mostly boring anyway.The pizza isn't great, but it's relatively inoffensive and cheap, if anything.  All you need to know is that this is an incredibly unique place to bring a group of out-of-towners (or maybe people on ecstasy).
Let's be honest, there is hardly any meat I won't eat. Ok, liver sucks. Anyway, just because I love meat doesn't mean I am not evolved enough to eat at a vegetarian restaurant. I'd heard great things about Green & went there with my vegetarian friend.The food was great. I even loved the mock chicken. Do I know what the mock chicken is made of? No, and I don't care. It was good.They have these shakes that are made without milk which is awesome, because I'm allergic to cow's milk. It was huge, delicious, & there was no way I could finish it. Am I going to turn vegetarian after eating there? Not a chance, but I will for sure go back & eat some more fake meat. Told you I loved meat...even fake meat. ;O
This smoothie queen really enjoys her Smoothie King. In fact, at one time, we were quite the couple. I lived around the corner from this one, and you couldn't keep me away from his royal juices. So sweet. So ripe. So. So. Well, um....so blended. Yea, blended. Add a shot of wheat grass? Sure, why not. It will only make me friskier Smoothie King. What? A shot of triple Vitamin C. Bring it your majesty. I shall have increased stamina. And while your at it, throw in a bag of those all natural peanut butter filled pretzels. And while I'm waiting I'll peruse your homeopathic book, the size of an armchair, and get the latest on colon cleansing, liver detox and why your poop should be in the shape of an "s". Thank you Smoothie King. For making this smoothie queen feel like a young, healthy princess once again!
Morning Glory (along with the Farm Kitchen, the other more casual dining spot at the Farm at South Mountain) re-opened on September 9th after being closed for the summer. We missed being able to go there for breakfast, but on the other hand, would not have been happy or comfortable sitting outside with a hot breakfast in the broiling Phoenix sun and my thighs sticking to the plastic chair. Right. So, it's a good idea that they close for the summer. But I digress. I have three reasons for my update: 1. The Monte Cristo sandwich was still delicious (those farm-fresh eggs and cheese are so good!), but the bread that was so crispy and artisan last time was soggy and too syrupy this time. Note to chefs: the bread is what makes the sandwich complete, so get it right. 2. The chicken fried steak (served with creamy gravy and rosemary potatoes and topped with one of their delicious, farm-raised eggs) was ridiculously good. The batter was light and crispy and the gravy was the perfect creamy and pepper complement. Try it. You won't regret it. 3. When the server offers you a muffin or pastry after taking your order, don't accept unless you want to pay $2.50 for it. We fell for that trick and ended up paying for an orange muffin that was ok but kind of filled us up before we got to the good stuff. Definitely still amazing, and definitely still worth checking out. I don't think the lunch spot (Farm Kitchen) is as delicious, so if you're only going to pick one of the two, definitely try Morning Glory. Of course, you could also opt for Quiessence, the formal restaurant at the Farm, which I still haven't tried but hear is awesome. A sign at the Farm said they are now open for lunch and afternoon snacks. But, again, I digress.
I'M SO HAPPY FOOTBALL SEASON IS HERE!and i practically live here... at native ny'er.no, i'm not a regular here because this is the best sports bar in town... and no, it's not because they have amazing food or anything.it just happens to be located across the street from where i live, and tragically (yes, tragically) arizona NEVER televises my NINERS or GIANTS games, so i'm forced to set up camp here like some deranged sports lunatic. i can only imagine what the staff thinks of me. i've shown up with my 2 yr old nephew in tow, with out of town friends, my brother, a gaggle of girlfriends, a rowdy group of guy friends, even a date or two. i even stopped in once by myself because i HAD to see the NY jets/eagles preseason game on my lap top. (yes, i bought the Preseason Pass on NFL.com, soooo worth it) i probably could have watched the game on my lap top at home, but didn't want to.so here's my take on their food. it's bar food. it does the job. the wings are too bready, but the beer is always cold. the bartenders are the best of the best. i forget his name, but one of the bartenders is really hilarious. he tells the funniest stories and always remembers exactly what i drink. bonus points for a heavy pour.and the best part... besides that it's cave-like dark and has about a million massive TV's? the arctic-blasting air conditioning! is always turned WAY UP. seriously, on a 112 degree day, it feels like heaven. they do have a nice patio area with misters, but it's still been way too hot to sit out there. perhaps now with the temps dropping and fall approaching, the patio will be a great place to watch games. we'll see.yeah so, if you're ever looking for me and can't seem to find me, odds are i'll be here. at the bar. like some crazed sports chick, clutching my beer and yelling at the TV.ok this review must come to an abrupt end. the patriots/bengals game is starting, i gotta go. GO PATS!
So just in case this is the first review you've read about this place, let me be the one to tell you - it's vegan. Not vegetarian (no meat, but eggs and dairy), but vegan. And several of their dishes are mock - made to resemble normal meat dishes (hot dogs, burgers, chicken, etc.). I know that right there either turns people on or off. Me, I dig it. My freezer's stocked with Boca, Morning Star, Quorn and Gardenburger products. That said, not all of their mock products work. While I love heir Spicy Buffalo Wings, Crab Puffs, Vegan Chili Fries and Mum's Meatball Po-boy, I was disappointed with the No Harm Chicken Parm Sandwich and the Vegan Hot Dogs. Haven't built up the courage to try their pizzas just yet - my previous experience with vegan cheese hasn't been all that great. But I'm sure I'll get around to it eventually, I stop by for lunch with my meat-eating friends at least once a month. But don't worry, mock isn't all they have to offer. They've also got tofu - a Spicy Peanut Tofu appetizer as well as a good variety of noodle and rice bowls.And it's a pretty cool place - I really dig the decor, from the Volkswagen doors along an entire wall to the local art work.
Lovely, lovely, lovely. Set in a pretty little old house just two blocks off Mill Avenue, House of Tricks has that sunny garden vibe that's all too rare here in Tempe.When I want to ditch the office for a leisurely lunch (all too rare these days), House of Tricks is my hands-down favorite spot. A glass of wine, a shady spot in the garden, a gourmet sandwich or salad and some gossip with a friend. Perfect. Lunch at Tricks gets five stars, easy. But Tricks has two downsides:- Closed on Sundays, when I most want to pair my pedicure afternoon with a fancy lunch and pretend I'm a lady.- Dinner is only good, not great -- and it's very pricey (entrees alone range from around $20 to $35).Go for the atmosphere. Go for the sun-filled patio. But if you ask me, just go for lunch.
I went to Fresh Mint tonight for dinner with meetup.com's Vegetarian Society of Phoenix.  It was my first time, and I will definitely be going back.Our party was over 20 people and the owners were very gracious.  Everyone seemed to like what they ordered.  I heard the Sweet and Sour soup was good.  Other favorites were the Kung Pao Soy "Chicken", Curry Apple Tofu, Vegetarian Black Pepper "Steak", Lemongrass Tofu, and the Golden Curry Vegetables with Tofu.I had the Golden Curry with brown rice, and it was wonderful.  The sweet potatoes in it were a treat.  I thought the portions were good sized.  I have leftovers for tomorrow.I was too full for dessert, but when I go back I will try something.  I'm already planning my next trip to Scottsdale!Do not accept American Express.  Not a big deal for me, just wanted to mention it.
Used my @BoldBajaFresh @Groupon for lunch today.I've always been a fan a Baja Fresh, and ate there quite often in CA.The distance to the closest one here in AZ is excessive for regular visits.I don't really know that they are worth reviewing, per se, but I wanted to relate my experience today at this particular location.The chips we were given seemed stale to both my g/f and I. The manager took my old chips, and grabbed a new bag to hand me.Rather than proceed with that action, he also discarded them, and informed me he would make up a new batch, and deliver a double order to our table.They came out hot and fresh, and delicious!It was a nice display of customer service, an increasingly rare trait these days.Thanks!
Food is average, not at all a value for the price. My steak had almost no flavor. Service was average. The waitress wasn't as friendly as her cowboy hat and boots led me to believe she'd be, nor was she very attentive.They were mostly able to accommodate my food allergies.  The rice has butter, the corn is pre-buttered and for whatever reason I wasn't able to sub fries for my rice, but whatever.  The steamed veggies I had were good, and obviously way healthier than fries anyway.But this place earns its two stars based on the fun "extras": a slide that our kids loved, a kids menu that doubles as a hat that looks like bull horns, a guy that makes balloon animals, a band (that happened to play some of my fave Willie Nelson & Johnny Cash songs), and a spectacular view (really, all of this is where the money goes when you buy that $15 cheeseburger).A few final words about the bull at the entrance: Really, the last thing I want to see before I eat a meal of beef is a sad, lonely bull lying in a little pen that stanks of bullshit.
Rocks, paper, scissors...choose rocks..cuz thier jynormous tortillas rock! Not to mention their machaca...plus every other thing I have ever had there...I like the South location the best, but Cactus will do when heading North.
I had coupons from the Entertainment Book, so thought, what the heck I'm always down for a deal. However, I don't think I'll be returning to this location. The high school age girls working here had serious attitude both times I went. My fiance asked if the peanut butter sauce was good and she just stared at him and said, "I guess". For the price, the two sundaes we got were so small. There was no outside seating. There are so many local ice cream shops around town, like Udder Delights, that are so much better (service, value, taste) that we have no need to go here again.
"Have you ever had the chile relleno at Tee Pee?" Our server crouched down by our table to get eye level with the friend who'd ordered it. She had not. None of us had. "So it's a bit different," he explained. Something about 6 egg whites and an egg yolk. Something about half a basketball. She went ahead and ordered it anyway. Only our server and the pictures (I'll post one) can decently describe it. But he had it right on the nose.Around the table, we had enchiladas (the Presidential Special that George W. Bush ate when he visited - holla!), some (very good) pepper beef thing recommended by the server, and the chile relleno. Everyone left stuffed, well-treated (Portland, Oregon has NOTHING on Arizona for polite and attentive service), and generally entertained. Mostly on account of the basketball dish, and the signed celebrity photos everywhere.Tee Pee is what our Phoenix hostess calls a hole-in-the-wall, but it's the kind of hole that leaves you filled to the brim. So there's that.
I am from Wisconsin.  Every steakhouse in Northern Wisconsin looks, feels, and acts just like this one.  So I apologize if my review is tainted.  In summary, great meat, with little else.The service was average, the food (in this case, the sides): average, the atmosphere...ugh.I'll just wait to experience this...at half the price...next time I am visiting Wisconsin.
Imagine a Filliberto's sized menu selection, even larger, without the searing stomach pains post-meal. Throw in authentic southwestern Mexican dishes served quickly and a great bakery with a huge variety of fresh Mexican sweets and this place deserved five stars hands down. The menu selection is huge and won't break the bank.My favorite items are the tamales (pork)with the green sauce, gorditas (gf's favorite), nopales (that's cactus and any self respecting southwestern Mexican restaurant will serve these) and the Mexican sweet breads (not brains, yuck). The food comes fast and my orders have always been right. There is a salsa bar that's always stocked. It's a dine in or take out establishment with no servers. There is also a small butcher, or carneceria, inside for finding cuts of meat for making fajitas or other tastey things at home.Not a date place but perfect if you're looking for something with a couple of friends that will fill you up and not break the bank. It's on 12th Street and Van Buren so be aware of the area. I've lived in Central or South Phoenix my whole life so I'm used to it (aka my hood). It's open for bf, lunch & dinner. I've only had the latter two but they were muy yummy. Oh and also I've seen that Super Burrito and it would feed a small village ... seriously. Also, even if you're taking it to go, wander over to the dining side while you're waiting the murals on the wall are funny.
I love hooters for the fresh chickens.The wings aren't bad, either!I order mine bone-in, naked, and hot. The wings, that is. If the waitresses didn't have to wear those creepy nylons as part of the uniform, and had bare legs instead, I'd give Hooters 5 stars.
Went here for dinner with the hubby on a Friday night - it was really empty which is a bummer because the hotel this is located in as well as this restaurant space have changed owners/names/styles/etc... like 4 times in the 5 years I have lived in AZ. Sadly, this may be the destiny of Saguaro and Distrito as well.  The hotel is weird . This isn't a review of the hotel, but since you walk through it to get to the restaurant I thought I would mention how it really distracts from the fun decor and vibe of Distrito. The color scheme is just cheap looking, like they are trying too hard to be funky.  There is no comparison to Valley Ho so why bother trying. Distrito - really what what a fun design. Very Nacho Libre without being to cheesy and/or featuring wrestling masks on the wall.  I liked the vibe it has the right noise level for a chill happy hour or dinner.I want to address a few things I read in somewhat negative reviews here on Yelp.  Most of the negative remarks seem to stem from a complete misunderstanding of what small plates means.  Tapas/small plates are just that. Small plates of food. Our server was very clear on this, so I'm not getting why someone would complain about the portion size.  Our server recommended 2-3 dishes per person.  We ordered 7 items and ended up taking at least 2 home, so he was pretty dead on.  I get that its a little pricey, but its a restaurant in a hotel in Scottsdale, so if you didn't expect that you probably shouldn't be eating here. The quality was A++ and worth the price. Also, lots of moaning about slow service.  Tapas/small plates meals are meant to be savored, and such a great chance to try a varierty of flavors. The dishes were nicely spaced out, and all in all I think we spent about 1 hr 45 minutes there.  My only feedback as far as service is that the drinks came out super slow, but other then that our server was very attentive.The drinks are bomb. I had a pineapple margarita that is probably top 3 margaritas I have ever had, and trust me this girl likes her tequila. $13 was a little steep, but again for a hotel restaurant not much of a surprise.  If they have a special on these for happy hour I could definitely toss more then a few back. The food was delicious and flavorful.  We started with guac and the Octopus ceviche. Both were fresh and tasy, and the guac had just the right amount of heat. The ceviche was the only dish that I felt was shockingly small. Maybe 6-7 pieces the size of a large paperclip. I wanted more!   I ordered the mahi mahi tacos, which we street taco sized ( again, server descibed the size well as we ordered). The mahi was lightly fried and the baja sauce was so yummy. Since America is totally disenchanted about the size of an adequate meal, I can see why people complain the size, but after the guac, ceviche, and marg I was stuffed but the time I put away the last taco. If you want a huge taco go to Filabertos. Tell them Hi for me and thanks for the raging case of food poisoning I got from my last visit there.  Hubs had carnitas tacos, duck queso fundido (yes - duck meat in queso - genius!looked so good) and a half roast chicken. They all looked amazing ( no meat for this girl so looky no touchy) and he ended up taking the chicken home.  We shared the ejotes (green beans) and they were flavorful and fresh.We ended the night with the churros with crema and spicy choc sauce. I was stuffed but I have a minor obsession with cinnamon/sugar desserts so had to try them. I brought a few home and they were tasty reheated in the oven. I wanted to pour the vanilla crema all over my husband (hey, we're newlyweds ok?) and do very bad things with it but I resigned myself to dipping the churros in it. I am a chocolate lover so for me to ignore the mexican choc sauce in favor of vanilla, trust me its good.Can't wait to go back here - granted at $130 for a Friday night dinner it was pricey, but we totally overordered and indulged. Will be back for happy hour and special occaisions as long as this gem is able to stick around.
This location has the WORST service I have ever seen. I mean, I know people make mistakes once or twice, but EVERY time I eat here something goes wrong. I've had food not given to me that I paid for, really terribly cooked food, and order mess-ups all at this location in just the past few times I've been here. Come on, really, you work at a FAST FOOD place. How hard can your job be? The only reason I keep returning here is because its right near my apartments but it looks like from now on I'll be going out of my way to go to the location on University.
Giddy up boys and girls!This is a fun, casual evening spot to grab drinks (& food) with your friends. From hanging out at the bar, the spacious patio with stone fire pit, or at any of the oversized wooden tables... you will recieve prompt and friendly service.  Drinks are well poured. Had a few too many drinks and want to ride the bull? It makes for great entertainment for those like me who love people watching anyways.This place is definitely a 'high energy, rock-western experience'.*please note, this is a review of Saddle Ranch as a spot to hang out, the food has not been tested by yours truley*
I have to give these guys the highest marks. I have been eating a no sugar, no flour diet for a while now (eating like a caveman!), so I am used to getting the weird and annoyed looks when I ask what is in the food or salad dressing. But I have to say these guys at Smashburger must have a corporate culture that teaches... "make the customer happy" and do it in a "happy way". Everyone from top to bottom went out of there way to get my questions answered and give me sugestions on how to order to accommodate my eating style.  The food was good and fresh, and since they moved in right across the parking lot from my office, I will be eating there a lot. They gave me a hint that you might want to try, if you want to avoid the salad dressing ask for the Smash Sauce (olive oil they use for the fries) that has some herbs already in it, then use the fresh lemon slices and make your own dressing. Way to go Smashburger!
Very Americanized restaurant! Service was fine, but I didn't feel comfortable enjoying food. The spring rolls came out as a big disappointment to me, it was even smaller than my 2 fingers! I didn't order the Pho, but I came up with Papaya salad which was also a waste: too sour (too much lime juice) and not even tasty!I'd prefer more authentic Vietnamese restaurant with decent prices! This probably is a suitable place for Americans, but I'm sorry, not for me! I'd prefer Pho All Seasons or Pho Ao Sen - much better!Well, gotta try it at least once anyway!
We had a groupon for Taberna and decided on a whim to use it last night. I was really craving a good margarita. I didn't know what to expect since the reviews were mixed but I was pleased for the most part.When we got there on a busy Friday night, there was a 15 minute wait. So we got a couple drinks at the bar. The female bartender wasn't the warm and fuzzy type, but she did make some killer margaritas. My husband had their specialty margarita, served up. It was sooo smooth and delicious and definitely tasted premium. I had a cilantro/jalapeno margarita. It was very good but didn't have as much of the cilantro and  jalapeno flavor that I was expecting. Both margaritas packed a good punch. We were pleasantly buzzed by the time our table was ready. Although they were a bit pricy I would much rather spend $9 on an excellent margarita then $5 on a watered down, crappy one.Our service started out good. The chips and salsa were very good. The plantains and yucca chips were a unique and tasty touch. After taking our order, our server asked if we want some guacomole along with our chips. We politely declined and I detected a bit of an eyebrow raise from our server. After returning to bring us straws for our water, I placed an order for a glass of sangria and also let her know that we had a groupon. Although the change in her behavior wasn't drastic it was definitely there. We were then often forgotten the rest of the night. We waited about a full 10 minutes for water refills. And my sangria took about 20 minutes. She apologized to me saying that my order was placed last in the big drink order. Whatever. The food was very good. Portion sizes much smaller than what I'm used too with Mexican food. However, if you imagine most of the entrees as small plates and order a few sides or appetizers, it will be more than enough. I ordered the chili relleno with a side of the poblano potatoes. (Most entrees don't come with sides of anything- another downside.) The chili relleno was stuffed with veggies and cheese. It was much lighter than the cheesy battered rellenos I'm used to. But it was very good. The poblano potatoes were SUBLIME. Everyone must try them! My husband ordered the scallop and pork belly tacos. He was a little thrown off by the size (four bite size tacos) but luckily tacos come with rice and beans. He thought they were very good. Overall we thought the food was very good. A modern twist on Mexican. However we were disappointed by the service. This has happened before to us with Groupons. I think servers feel that just because we have a Groupon we will be cheap, when we actually tip 25% on average. In fact, when the server brought us our bill she said "Congratulations!" because it was under $1 with our Groupon. Maybe she was just trying to be funny but I wasn't amused. But we still gave her a damn good tip on the original bill, well over 20%.
I finally talked my husband, the picky eater, into going to Palatte for breakfast.  I was pleased to discover that they now have a wait staff to come to your table and take your order.  Well, I was pleased until I got my food.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anywhere near as good as I remembered from my first visit.  My husband's scrambled eggs were slimy and my potato mish mash had a puddle of uncooked egg slime underneath.  The side of potatoes was barely browned, if at all, and my bread seemed a bit dried out and not toasted.I'm wondering if the owner's had to forego quality in the kitchen to appease the whiners who didn't want to stand in line.  If so, I say get rid of the waiters, I'd gladly stand in line for better quality food.At least the prices are still decent.
So, the Vig and I are unlikely friends ... but we get along real nicely despite our glaring differences.It has the facade of an old Motor Inn Lodge, found somewhere deep in the Midwest, complimented by a spacious sun patio and a bocce court.  Yet it has the modern opulence you would expect in Arcadia.  When the Vig combines the two, you get dap cocktails and wine in the most comfortable and inviting surroundings. In my opinion, the Vig is the best place in the Valley to day drink, especially on a lazy Sunday when you can sit up on the bar, feast on their Posole, drink Mechiladas (which they will make upon request), and venture out into the warm sun after working up a chill in their cavernous interior.  They also have half-price wine on Sundays.I also must mention that their staff is probably the most friendly group of people out of any bar I've been in around the valley.
This is my favorite deli in Phoenix. Two words: Vermont Treat. (Made with Maple Glazed Ham, Pinenuts, Spinach, Sliced Apples, Duck and Decanter's Famous Cheddar Cheese Spread on Multigrain.)I like this place because I always know what I want (see above), and anyone I bring with me can always find something that fits their tastes, too. For the indecisive bunch, Duck & Decanter offers a list of signature sandwiches with the ingredients already listed. And for the pickier, er, more decided folks, D&D can make custom sandwiches, too -- you can choose your bread, meat, and toppings.The ready-made pastas and other sides here are delicious, too, but I rarely get them, because their sandwiches are already so filling!**Helpful Hint: You must, must, must either beat the lunch crowd or postpone your visit until after the lunch hour, otherwise you'll be at the end of a very long line.**
Best of the BEST in food, ambiance, wait staff, drinks, and entertaiment and MORE! With out any doubt~my all time favorite! Thanks to Dennis Mastro and Scotty the owners, this city has gained it's class back once again.LOVE! LOVE! Now go there and see for yourselves!Debra Savittieri
I had craved for some greasy and fried foods.  I figured since I have a coupon and it was near my work; let's give SteakenBurger/Long Wongs a try. The joint is simple with two TV's on the wall and good amount of tables for the lunch crowd.  It wasn't crowded at 1PM.  It's probably never crowded.  I had ordered a combo regular original philly steak + mushrooms with Cheez Whiz ($7.24) with sub for mushroom ($1.75 extra) instead of fries, and small drink ($1.75).  I didn't get my mushroom, but got zucchini instead.  I didn't realize that they gave me zucchini until I took a bite.  As for the sandwich, no flavor at all, just the Cheez Whiz dripping all over.  I do give them having good ice teas.  The total of my combo was little over $11.00 with tax.  Ouch!  I am glad that I had a coupon to use.  I certainly had better philly steak sandwiches for that price.
Yes, it's true - their ice cream is amazing. They've been an award winning gelato store for 4 years in a row (02-06) for a reason.The only negative thing is that the smell of chlorine in this store is overwhelming :( Get your gelato fast and run!Update 09/08/2007 I haven't noticed any smell of chlorine lately. Hopefully, most of the germs were killed during previous disinfection raids ;)
This place is as exciting as going to Disneyland if you're not used to Hispanic markets! The sights, the smells, the lights, the colors, and the chaos had my head whipping back and forth all evening. We started off with dinner in the cafe inside the market - just $5.99 for 3 street tacos, beans, and rice - and it totally filled me up. I washed it down with a Mexican coke in a glass bottle and it took me back to my childhood to the days before corn syrup became the norm. After eating, we took our time perusing the aisles and examining the foods foreign to us. They have a beautiful produce department and the prices were great on both the more exotic items like fresh papaya's to the staples like tomatoes and lettuce. The meat department is a carnivore's dream come true. Loads of fresh ground beef, pork, and poultry at very fair prices. I had to laugh at the ground pork in the glass case and wish I'd brought my camera. The butcher shaped it into a pig head - complete with a snout - and put cucumber slices for eyes. Not something I'd expect to see at my local gringo Fry's.Shopping here was a real cultural experience tonight and I can't wait to tuck into the treats we brought home!
I have been to this location a few times.  When you have a child it's almost unavoidable.  I must say that this location is nice, clean and the employees are friendly and helpful.  My sister and I took my daughter here for lunch as a birthday treat and she had a great time playing the games.  The employee who was working at the prize counter was very patient with the kids even when it got busy.  The food is average but they have a great lunch buffet.  Pizza and salad, all you can eat.  Adults are just $4.99 and kids are $3.99.  Good deal!
I go to this AJ's on occasion for a coffee and a muffin, and sometimes I'll do a little grocery shopping too.  But one thing I don't miss at this AJ's location and the others is the cookies.I just cannot resist taking a perfectly baked oatmeal raisin cookie from the self-serve case and munching on every last scrumptious morsel as I do my grocery shopping.  I try to remember to pay for it when I cash out, but I can't promise I do it every time.  Please, don't report me to the cookie police!AJ's carries beautiful fresh produce, flowers, meat, seafood, and gourmet items too. Yes - the prices at AJ's can be pretty high, but treat yourself every now and then like I do... and don't miss those oatmeal raisin cookies when you go!
My wife goes here ever chance she get, but I refuse to go with her. Coffee deserves 5 stars but the chick behind the counter is so rude. I refuse to spend money at a place that lets it indie hipster staff treat regular Joe's like my self rudely.
Ok so, I'm not a crazy dessert person, but I love food. However when approached with tasty treats only to find out that they were Vegan, lets just say I was a bit skeptical. I mean I'm not Vegan, I'm not going to pretend that I understand Vegans either, I like meat and stuff that taste good. This of course is all coming from the random thought that everything Vegan is yuck. Trying Treehouse was like getting slapped in the face as a kid, being told not to make fun of the ginger, because well.. he can't help it. In other words all of my misconception of Vegans eating this gross alien food went straight out of the window. I mean damn you people actually do have taste buds. I've actually come to the conclusion that I like Treehouse's vegan peanut butter cookies better than regular ones. Not to mention the non-cheesecake, this one was a mountain for me let me tell you. Thinking gross gross gross, how can you have no dairy in CHEESECAKE!? Well as my other eye opening taste-bud-tacular experience, the non-cheesecake hit a home run by the first bite, second, third.... damn it I ate the whole thing. Anywho you get my point. As a non Vegan, meat eating, cheese loving, son of a bitch, I fully recommend you try Treehouse bakery, because damn that shit is good!
well by now you probably read Rand H. rant about the way this place is laid out. Well i feel all the ranting should have been aimed at how great the food was.I would have been happy sitting out on the curb with a plate of this food.Everything i tried was good even the cream of wheat soup.There BBQ pork and creamy chicken dish left you wanting more. the only thing missing from this buffet was a seafood entree.no shrimp, fish, crab balls nothing!!! and a limited selection of sweets which i love. They had small chinese donuts, some fruit salad and these candied noodles that looked like shreaded carrots they were real crispy but not bad.Anyway if you ever pop in the Pink Pepper for a buffet i am sure you will leave happy and full.
I eat here at least once a week due to convenience and time, it's near my office. The service is uniformly excellent, the menu is basic but changes slightly almost daily and the prices are reasonable most of the time. They often have surprises at lunch on the specials menu and are very accommodating with changes, dietary restrictions and general fussiness that sometimes happens when everyone is on a diet. The GM Robin and Asst. Lise are a pleasure to deal with as well. Yes, it's a chain, and sometimes feels like it, but the beauty of chains is a dependable level or service and consistent value and food quality, they deliver on all three.
Woah...I had no idea this restaurant was even in existence until a few days ago. I am a big fan of Thai food and I have to say this place is amazing. I have high standards for Thai food, so for me to give this place 5 stars says something. My boyfriend and I ordered the veggie fried eggrolls, the vegetarian pad thai, and the vegetarian red curry. All dishes were excellent. In fact, I had wished we had ordered even more food because it was all so good and we quickly ate up every last morsel of it. No leftovers is a good sign of a great restaurant! I will definitely be going back to this place and am so excited to find it close to my home in Verrado. We got take-away so I cannot review the service, although the cashier who took care of us was very friendly and nice. Highly recommend this place. Making my mouth water just writing this review. :)
Don't even bother. This place is a ghost town with less than bright servers.
I LOVE Sierra Bonita! Here is my list of reasons to love this place: 1. Happy Hour- 1/2 off apps and awesome drink specials 2.  Mini Quesadillas. I am addicted to these things!! I had never had huitlacoche (a fungus that grows on ears of corn) until now. Try them, you will not be disappointed! The bacon wrapped shrimp are awesome as well. Honestly, there is nothing that I have had here that I did not like. 3. Great drinks! The sangria is very tasty and Kenny's margaritas are the among the best I've ever had. 4. Fabulous patio complete with cozy fireplace. I wish I could open my slider door and walk out to this everyday. The inside is dimly lit and intimate; great for a date night or an evening with friends. 5. The hottest server in the Valley works there- Kelton!  If you show up and Kelton is not working, leave immediately!!  I say this with a disclaimer- the absolute hottest server, my Nico, did work there, but sadly for many Valley women, quit some time ago.  So Kelton, the title now belongs to you my friend.6.  The service is supreme!  When we aren't honored with Kelton's presence, we are treated to great service by Julie, Kenny, Nate and all the other great  peeps at SB.We frequent Sierra Bonita almost weekly and for good reasons.  If you have wanted to try it and haven't, I encourage you to go this weekend!  This place will soon be your home away from home...it's certainly ours!
This place has great food and great prices.A nice change from the typical Scottsdale fair and not your typical "hole in the wall" restaurant. It is clean, the staff is friendly, always the same guys there.The menu is large, serving both traditional Mexican food as well as Burgers and fries and combinations of both.The portions are big and the prices are small.Everything tastes fresh and great.FYI- The place is packed at lunch time with high school kids. There is usually a place to sit, but for whatever reason (the food, perhaps?), it seems to be the new daytime hangout.
Skip this place http://www.redmountainteaparty.com/actionitems/517meeting.htmlDisgusting
First of all, take away the Scottsdale from this place. Please! Take away the snobbery, the over-priced designer schwag, the rippling muscles reeking with insecurity and the overly obnoxious chicks with Daddy issues... and well, you have a Lyte Lounge I'd be happy to frequent. First off, I'm not a drinker of cocktails. But, Lyte does offer some tasty beers - like Peroni, Pilsner Urquell, Newscastle, Stella... so, there are definitely options! I like the decor - the art on the walls, the invitation for the resident artist to paint during the night. I like the high-back horse-shoe white booths. I like the open floor. I like the bar area, which warps back to the private lounge. I like the patio, which has an outdoor bar and fireplace. I even like the bathrooms - clean! Most of all, I like the "Wii Lounge" there - available in a sort of "private" lounge area, elevated and tucked in the corner, overlooking the rest of the patrons. Yes, I could easily like this place. I mean, the music offers a wide variety. When I was there, I heard a singer/songwriter, a band playing "big band" style tunes and a DJ throwing down some serious dance tracks. I liked the music very much so! (Some would say it has an identity crisis, but I prefer to look at is as VARIETY!)But, let's face it, this is still a Scottsdale lounge. And for that reason alone (because we all know what a Scottsdale lounge is and what kind of people it attracts), I HIGHLY doubt I'll ever go back. Too bad... because I could see myself really, really liking this place. I think the ONE AND ONLY TIME I'd come here is earlier in the evening (around 8:30) before heading to my final destination, whatever they may be. But, let's be real. Am I really going to go out to Lyte Lounge before heading someplace else? That's doubtful.But, for all those in favor of a night out in Scottsdale, this is a good place to stop. It's right next to Crown Room and lends itself to a short walk to other places, like Drift or Myst. Not a bad place to be, if you're a bar/lounge trying to make it in the Snottsdale Circuit.
Watched the clip on triple D and REALLY wanted to like it, but I have to agree with another re viewer's assessment that this place should be called over-rated.   Checked it out last weekend with the BF.  Half order of Banana-Pecan french toast, side of hash.  My French toast was completely deflated in the center by the time it got to me.  The tiny bits of banana  were not sufficient for the portion of toast. The sauce, eh...nothing special.   Hash was under seasoned and my BF reported the CF steak could use some help as well.   Maybe we just ordered their 2 worst dishes, but I'm not willing to go back and try anything else.  Positives were the service was fast and friendly and the wait really wasn't that long, even for the weekend.
I have spent many a lovely evening at The Parlor. There is no better way to describe the vibe of the place than "cool". The servers are so trendy that it makes me want to ask them to be my friends. The atmosphere is funky and perfect for a date or time out with friends. I've been for lunch and dinner and both were fabulous. I especially love their herb garden outside the restaurant! The Parlor's menu is not my favorite (not their fault at all...I'm way too picky), but the food that I do order is always fresh and delicious. They switch it up on a regular basis, but some of their risotto is amazing. I also LOVE their Hibiscus Lemonade! I went in recently and ordered a margherita pizza minus the tomatoes (yes, I order margherita pizzas wherever I can). The server brought me my pizza with tomatoes all over it. I was not too thrilled, but didn't want to complain. She immediately noticed the disappointment on my face and realized she had made a mistake. I wouldn't let her make me a new one because it really wasn't that big of a deal. Nonetheless, at the end of the meal my server brought me a certificate for a free pizza during my next visit. When I thanked her I believe her exact words were, "I've seen you guys in here before, I know you're here a lot...I want to make sure you're happy. We definitely want you back." How sweet was that?! Her attitude and attentiveness made me want to come back even sooner.See you there!
I've been a fan of Restaurant Mexico since I first tried it in 1997.  This is no Chevy's (gasp), Arriba's (no thank you) or Macayo's (hey, they have good... margaritas).  AND THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT.This is REAL Mexican food  (Mexico City style) served with a smile.  If you have a bad attitude, don't come here.  If your idea of a burrito is melted cheddar and refried beans in a flour tortilla, stay away.  If you're a snob... well... maybe you should do some introspection.Restaurant Mexico serves authentic food which is not too heavy, not too spicy and not too pricy.  My recommendations?  Get the chicken enchiladas with green sauce and a side of whole beans.  This is my go-to dish.  If you're not concerned about lard, go ahead and get the refried beans.  DH SWEARS by them and has cravings for them... often!Go to Restaurant Mexico for an authentic experience.  You won't be wowed by the decor.  You won't be stuffed beyond belief from American-sized portions.  You will not find the more familiar Sonoran style Mexican food here.  But you WILL have a good meal.  BONUS: If you have small kids, they even have an assortment of little toys/figurines your child can play with while you eat.
Walking distance to Chase Field makes this a popular destination. The Mexican food is very good, the drinks are cheap, they have a huge outdoor patio, a large bar area, and you can wobble over to the ballgame when you're finished.If you get here early enough you can park in their own private lot for free.
If you truly appreciate the purity and Zen-line qualities of sushi, then you're in for the best upscale ethnic experience the Valley has to offer.  I'm by no means a foodie or culinary expert.  Take me to a fancy French restaurant and I'm lost.  Bring me to Sea Saw and everything just makes perfect sense.  One gets the impression that painstaking care went into each dish that comes out.  It's hard to take a bite that doesn't leave you pondering the reasoning that went into the ingredients chosen... the multi-layered sensory overload that comes from the layers of taste... the absolute artistic genius that brings the flavor together to create a near Japanese masterpiece.This Old Town space is small so make sure to reserve at least a week or two in advance.  Be prepared to spend some money -- tasting w/ wine is $125 (yet very highly recommended!).  For the past 3 years the tasting has been my birthday dinner.  This year I'm headed to The French Laundry and until then (and maybe after), this restaurant ranks as my world favorite.
We were excited to see a Chinese place close to our house since we love Chinese food.  When we walked in it looked like a nice place and very open.  The service was fine, but when we got our food that was another story.  I ordered the Chow Mien and my wife got the Orange Chicken.  The chow mien was pretty bad it was very greasy and just didn't  seem right.  My wife said her Orange Chicken was alright but she said she wouldn't order again.  We didn't think too bad of the place when we left, but that night we were both sick to our stomaches.  We have no desire to go back.
I love the ambiance in this place.  It is great for a group of friends or for a quiet date night.  Their wine selection is wonderful and the staff is extremely knowledgeable.  I don't go there to really eat all that often only because I am a vegetarian and their vegetarian selection is just OK.  Not that what I have had wasn't fantastic but there are better places to go for vegetarian dining.  Their brunch is fairly decent but a tad expensive.  What I enjoy most is the wine tastings (they have them every month).  Each time I go I learn something new about wine and have had the pleasure of tasting some unique and flavorful vino's.  I highly recommend Cheuvront!
I was trying to figure out why there are such different reviews for this place.  I was thinking that the bad reviews were from people who were used to corporate chains and processed foods.  I really got that wrong.If you are expecting Italy or Naples style food, you too will be greatly let down as I was.  I had several texts to warn me when I checked in here for dinner.  I should have listened.Pasta was overcooked.  Floating in a butter sauce, literally.  So much poor quality cheese on everything.  Pizza was like frozen style maybe before it was frozen.  Smothered in greasy cheese on a boring crust.We had 2 dinners and 2 pizzas.  We ate about 1/3 and felt sick from the heavy, cheesy, oily, buttery and greasy food.  I may have to have a cholesterol medication after this.  Even my dinner salad had about a cup of cheese pellets on top of it.  I've not seen mozzarella in this form before.  What is going on here?  Maybe I would have thought this was good when I was in my teens.  I think that this place has a lot going for it, but not it's food.
I teetered between 1 and 2 stars...I'm not sure what turned me off more: the guy (the cook, the owner? one in the same) who greeted me at the door in a white tee-shirt and sprouting chest hair (ala Simon Cowell, but decidedly NOT the pec-proud Idol Judge), the wobbly chair I was worried might break at any second, or the fact that it took more than 10 minutes to receive our drinks!Not a good start, to say the least.The pizza my friend ordered (the "Greek") was cold and "uninspired" and my calzone's crust was equally cold and bland--absolutely NO FLAVOR to the crust that supposedly cooks in a wood-fired oven, No burn marks, no crispness, nothing even approaching my favorite calzone from Cibo or Bianco in Downtown Phoenix.Unfortunately, the prices were as high as those other establishments, which seals the coffin on this place for me. Put it in the ground and bury it!
It seems like a cool idea, and as you park and see this unassuming building and begin the trek down the stairs it seems like it might be a cool night after all. Unfortunately, after that it is just ok. The service was ok, the food, some good, some not so great. I guess it is hard to expect great seafood this far from the ocean, but I have had better here in the valley.On top of that it is underground, so if you are unfortunate enough to go on a day Sally and Bob decide to bring their rug rats, (think acoustics and screaming children) the whole thing just sucks. It is also quite expensive for my taste. $100 for 2 people and no cocktails.
When I visit a place for a week I generally only eat at any given restaurant once so I can be sure to try as many places as possible.For Lo-Lo's, though, I had to make an exception; their soul food is too damn delicious for only one serving.I'm a big fan of the chicken and waffle combo, and was a regular at Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles former Oakland location. I hate to denigrate the original, but Lo-Lo's takes Roscoe's formula and runs away with it.First, their chicken is very, very good. Crispy skin, moist interior, just the right amount of spices. My only beef is I wish the pieces were slightly larger.Second, the waffles are excellent and topped with an enormous round of butter. Just they way they should be. Crisp, dripping with butter, delightful.Third, the sides... oh, lord, the sides. The collard greens are the best greens I've ever eaten, and I've had my fair share of good ones. Cooked perfectly, no bitterness. They make the south proud. The cheese grits are a bowl of cheesy, well cooked goodness and are not to be missed. The mac 'n' cheese was smooth, and bathing in cheese sauce (and did I detect some velveeta in the mix? oh, I believe I did! And this, my friends, is a very good thing), and the cheese eggs were fluffy and perfectly proportioned between eggs, cheese and onions.Finally, the red velvet cake is an absolute must-- no matter how stuffed you may be. If I could be encased in the frosting I would die a happy young lady.My only regret in going to Lo-Lo's was my lack of stomach capacity. Now I'll have to wait a year before I try their fish, peas, and other sumptuous looking offerings.Word to the wise-- as other reviewers have said, get there early. The folks who run Lo-Lo's are nice as can be and get your food to you in a hurry, but the place is small and it fills up quick. We were in by 10:30 on two separate weekdays and got the last available table both times. Otherwise, you're setting up outside in line. And while Lo-Lo's makes the waiting as nice as possible, with a shade tent and water, who wants to stand around drooling over the smells coming out of that kitchen?
I've never had a bad experience at this location until now. We walked in, waited with 2 other families for too long while all the employees ignored us. And when the hostess finally showed up, she looked like she'd rather have bamboo sticks stuck under her fingernails than seat us. Forget it! I had a bad feeling about how our meal would turn out, so we left.
Dolce Vita Coffee has grande caffe.  Also molto piacevole people who make your coffee with care.  Orgoglio=pride according to freetranslation.com.  You'll find it here.Even though this is a newer establishment I felt like the gentlemen preparing my espresso drink was old school.  Care was obviously taken with the preparation of the drink.  Ah, coffee as art form...fantastico!The atmosphere is neat and casual with outside seating.  They also have a small selection of gelato.  I'm not sure if the owners are from Italy but I would not be surprised to find out they are.Free wifi doesn't hurt either.Dolce Vita is located in the same shopping center as Sprouts, in the corner.
HIT AND MISS. MOSTLY MISS. GO FOR THE TUNA STARTER AND ORDER A DOUBLE PORTION; REAL HIT!THE FOOD-- tuna sashimi dish is great value, great flavors. order it.-- coconut rum with watermelon liqueur a winner, if only the bartender would remember to add the fruit. do you need a recipe book?-- hash with eggs arrives eggs-over-hard despite my instructions for easy-- toasted english muffin slathered with butter, but not toasted.-- chicken salad's chicken was bland except for the rub on the edge. boo.-- taco plate features raw, unprepared corn tortillas. yeah, i can pull one from the bag and dump something in it too! why would i pay for that?-- salsa too salty-- cole slaw just not interesting, ends up a plate filler. blech.THE DECOR-- hip sealed concrete, bulk tiki statues everywhere, and faux Eames chairs complete the hip look, framed by Green-Apple table shades and roll-up garage-door walls.-- designers kept the awesome hexagon street-facing window and high ceilings in the bar area. kudos.THE REST-- starting to develop a pet peeve for "sauces" delivered via ketchup squirter bottle atop my item or side dish. IT GOES UNDERNEATH THE ITEM OR NEXT TO IT! OR IMAGINE.... IN IT.-- no reservation taken unless you've got six in your party. BOO. be ready for 30-minute wait in summer when no one's sitting outside.
Where to go on a Saturday night, when you are craving some good steak, but Outback is played out, wallet's too thin for Morton's or Ruth's Chris, and the line at Texas Roadhouse is out the door?Logan's Steakhouse at the Chandler Fashion Center. I'd never been here before, though it's just a few minutes from my house, but I'm glad we gave it a shot, after driving all the way to Texas Roadhouse (TR) in Gilbert only to learn we'd have to wait at least 50 minutes to be seated. Very similar to TR (or exactly like it), the place is covered in peanut shells, and there are buckets of peanuts at every table. However, unlike TR, the place was slow, and we were seated immediately. First the service... The wait staff was very friendly and attentive, our glasses were always full, and our server came by to check on us regularly. I don't think I can say the same about the kitchen staff. Not sure where the communication or the process might have broken down, but it took ridiculously long for us to get our meals, though our salads came out immediately. As for the food... The salads were alright. nothing to write home about. We just got the side salad (house salad comprised of iceberg and romaine, tomatoes, cheddar cheese, shredded carrots, and some onions). Italian dressing for me, Balsamic Vinaigrette for the boyfriend.When we finally got our food, it was darn good though! I ordered the 6 oz. filet mignon, medium well, with a grilled vegetable skewer. The  boyfriend ordered the sirloin with the veggie and shrimp skewers, and a baked sweet potato. We both really enjoyed the meals. The steaks were perfection. The vegetables could have used a tad LESS seasoning/salt, but still tasty.We wrestled with the impulse to order their little Nutter Butter dessert -a mini version of their peanut bucket, full of chocolate mousse, fudge and nutter butter filling topped with whipped cream. It's only $1.99 and TINY. But we didn't order it... ya know, we're watching our figures.The manager and our server seemed to have noticed that our order took abnormally long to come out of the kitchen, and we were comped 50% off our entire bill. We still tipped our server on the full price of the meal, as it was certainly no fault of hers, and her service was great!The food was great, the service was great, and I honestly think the issue with the delay in getting our food was an isolated incident, not the norm. We'll definitely eat there again.
How can I politely say that all this place has is "chick food." I have been here several times, and tried their limited vegetarian options. I found that the one with the mos flavor was the grilled feta. The feta gave it a nice flavor however the basil was lacking as were the tomatoes. It was original to use a fresh cheese like feta for a grilled cheese.The meal includes chips and a side. I usually go for th pasta salad as it is the most filling. The flavor of the salad is bland and I usually empty half of a pepper shaker into it. I have tried to spice up my food with the Italian dressing that is found on each table. I found it best to turn the bottle upside down and let the oil separate out, this way you can get just spices and vinegar, it goes well on the chips. Overall the meals here are a bit pricey for the lack of flavor and portions.
It took me a while to bring myself to stop by this place.  From the outside it looks questionable.  I finally went for a splurge on my bday this year and dove into their huge apple fritter.  I go into a sugar coma afterwards but I don't care, it's way too good - so soft and crunchy and appley all at the same time.  I stop by every once in a while when I'm feeling naughty.  The only other thing I've tried was the croissant ham & egg bfast sandwich... it makes a great hangover bfast.I'd recommend bringing cash though, they charge for using cc.  About $10 bucks covers everything the hubs and I want including drinks.
I've found myself at Luci's several times in the last few weeks as it on the way home from my doctor's office.  I am glad to see that is pretty busy every time I stop in because it is a great little market.  I do find the selection a bit odd, but I always find a few things to take home with me.  I haven't found anything specifically earth shattering, but some unique and solid stuff.  I've enjoyed the super friendly service that I encounter every time I'm in and that they have an eclectic and fun menu.  I've tried the pumpkin spice latte, as well as the veggiesaurus melt.  The melt was just okay- I loved the mozzarella but the artichokes and peppers seemed a bit overwhelming.  Maybe throw in another veggie?  I also requested fruit instead of the potato salad and my strawberries were in pretty bad shape- they needed to be thrown out rather than served to me.  I'm sure that Luci's will be in my regular rotation since I drive by it so often.  I'm looking forward to trying out their themed dinners soon.
I really hate to be the person writing this... I've been here a few times and realize it's very over priced. I've always considered it 2 1/2 stars at the best. Most of the posts are VERY over rated. I've been to this facility at least 6 times because bevmo is right next door. I bought a "coupon" from them that is 1/2 off their price but realized that it was expired as of the 1st of the year. I asked them on their FB page if they would still honor it (as they posted a LS and Groupon deal around the same time) and they told me that would be fine. Then they deleted the post and told me that I it would not be accepted. I told them that I would no longer be a customer and they deleted that post as well. Happy deleting. I will NO LONGER GO TO INDULGE ever.
You know those places that refer to themselves as Chicago or New York "favorites", but people from those cities have never actually heard of them?Well , being a Chicago native, I can tell you that Rosati's was not necessarily one of my "favorites", but it IS a place at which real Chicagoans eat, and it's pretty good!Not great, and frankly not even as good as the Rosati's in Chicago, but it's still a cheap and easy way to beam yourself out to the midwest for an hour or so.Stick with the thin crust pizza. Although Chicago is mostly known for it's deep dish, thin crust pizza cut in squares like ths one is actually what most Chicagoans eat on an every day basis.When people argue about "Chicago pizza" vs. "New York pizza" I always think they should use the thin crust pizza rather than the eep dish. It's much more easily comparable. Don't get me wrong, Chicago deep dish pizza is one of the country's greatest delicacies, but it's moe than just pizza, and for that reason it really can't be considered in the same conversation ith other pizza from around the country, or even around the world. Why did I just go off on that tangent? No idea...has very little to do with Rosati's.
Last Saturday my boyfriend and I discovered the Noodles Ranch (that's what she said!) The Noodles Ranch is located on the Southeast corner of Thomas and Scottsdale Road in the Albertson's shopping center. From the outside it looks much like any other strip mall - hole - in -the -wall restaurant but from he inside it's quite apparent that this restaurant has a lot more character than most. The decor is what you would expect from a Vietnamese restaurant but with a more modern and upscale twist. The music that was playing while we dined was extremely relaxing and made the experience that much more pleasant. I was even really impressed with the presentation of the food and the dishware. I love the dishes that look (even if they aren't) hand glazed with deep rich blue hues (with all their bubbly imperfections). The food itself was extremely satisfying as well. Both my boyfriend and I shared an egg roll appetizer (we debated between this and the spring rolls which also sounded quite tempting). The egg rolls came with fresh lettuce (to wrap them in) along with freshly chopped carrots, cucumbers, sprouts, a special sauce with a bit of a tang to it. For the main course we both ordered a bowl of the chicken Pho with broccoli and bok choy. Pure deliciousness. I'm a huge fan of Pho and often go to Saigon Nites up in Scottsdale with my coworkers every couple weeks but I thought Noodles Ranch offered a product that was far superior (especially with the slight twist to such a traditional plate with the addition of bok choy and broccoli). The appetizer wasn't much more than $5.95 and the bowls of soup themselves were about $7-8. An overall very good value for all the food you get. The bowls of Pho were HUGE but I did notice on the menu that you can add more noodles (the restaurant namesake) for $1.00. I was also feeling a bit under the weather that day and I think Pho was just what I needed to clear out the sinuses. Nothing a bit of chili paste, hoisin sauce, and some steeping jalapeno peppers can't cure! I will definitely be keeping this place in mind next time I'm in the mood for a quick bite of asian cuisine, and it's so close to my house!
Best "street style" carne asada taco I've ever had.  The Vampiro is basically the same think but it comes on a tostada so you have to pick it up and eat it like a vampire, thus the name Vampiro.The salsa is great, I don't know what "style" it is because every now and again I've had it other places but it's my favorite. It's a cross between a pico and a red sauce, blended but not runny at all.Yes they make you pay for chips and salsa, and I've seen the tiny tablespoon size take out container for salsa so beware.Cute restored house.   I'll be back soon, if not everyday from now on.
I would like to tell you a story about the worst day of my life.  It was when I came to your worthless"bar"  Your overpriced cocktails have the alcohol content of a handi-wipe at best.  I can also conclude that you do not have any sort of benefits offered to your employees because they walk by customers several times and cannot seem to recognize what a customer holding cash looks like.  Send them to an eye doctor.  They are too busy checking their cell phones and showing each other their awful, awful tattoos.  The prisoners in a concentration camps received better service from the Nazis then I got from the employees at your bar.  I had such a bad experience that I feel I will never be able to get an erection ever again, until I hear that your place has gone out of business (I'm sure it will very soon)  The only compliment I have is that I am glad you allow dogs on your patio.  I plan to bring them mine over soon after eating five cans of Hormel chili in the hopes they will piss and s*** all over the place and hopefully maul a member of your useless staff.  If a member of the police force shows up and have been to your dump bar, they will understand and let me go.  I predict your hellhole will soon be turning into a gay bar.P.S. - The food you offer..... wow.  I can't believe you try to pass that kibble off as food.  The health department will be by soon and will close your virtual food "house of horrors" ASAP.  Great food if you are constipated and need to do a little spring cleaning.  If you are bulimic, come eat here.  Guaranteed to make you puke.Looking forward to the day you go out of business.
No Pop! Champagne, but we did put down a bottle of a very tasty Zinfandel from Lodi, CA. Cheese plate... Yum.I had the goat cheese salad. It was superb.She had some kind of crepe. It was very yummy.I didn't go inside once. I have too much testosterone. We sat out on the patio and it was very nice, even in the heat, due to the misters. That's kind of funny. The matrons of Scottsdale sit inside, away from the misters. Everything was fresh, tasty, well prepared, artfully plated, and the service was very good. Hard to go wrong! It's a great place for exquisite food and stimulating conversation, lubricated by a bottle of wine.
My daughter and I enjoy trying out different frozen yogurt places during our jaunts about town. While we were in Scottsdale, we did a little Yelp search, and up popped Yogurt Builderz!This place, like many of the others around town, is a self-serve operation. Pick your cup, fill it with whatever makes you happy, top it, and then pay for it based on weight. As usual, my daughter and I opted to share a small cup, and we each topped our own half.For this adventure, I think we choose a peanut butter favor. (Originally, I thought we picked cake batter, but I was mistaken...thank you for the update from the owner.) It was a low sugar option, which works in both mine and my daughter's favor...after all, sugar will keep her awake for hours, and at my age, my metabolism is ever waning...so, every chance we get, we go for low cal. Granted, peanut but wasn't the only low cal option Yogurt Builderz boasted, it's just the one that sounded the most appealing to my daughter. Although the selection for the various yogurt flavors wasn't as extensive as some of the establishments we've frequented, the toppings certainly didn't disappoint.  As she often does, my daughter found the gummy section of toppings, and threw some on her half. Being that it was peanut butter, I wanted to add something to go with it.. Being a peanut butter lover, I threw in some tiny peanut butter cups....like adding bacon to bacon!!!While we were eating, I noticed that this place has a lot of customer (children's) artwork strewn about the walls. I like that they have such a dedicated following. It certainly speaks to their local feel.The cost was comparable to many of the other froyo places scattered about town. Still, the place was rather small, and the selection wasn't as vast as I've grown accustomed to from some other places. Granted, I like that they rotate in new flavors, though so does everybody else. Overall, this place, to me, is pretty decent. Not my favorite, but I certainly wouldn't turn down an invitation to go should one arise.
Agua Frescas...the term always eluded me. I knew it was some sort of Mexican drink, but I never really took the time to give it a shot, I guess my disdain for Horchata scared me off from other ethnic drinks, well...Los Reyes de la Torta made me regret my shortsightedness. After trying the Agua Frescas here, I went home and all but prayed for forgiveness from the Agua Fresca God for doubting him...this is one seriously good drink...at least at Los Reyes de la Torta it is. This place was our back up plan for dinner last Saturday...and quickly became our first choice because our other front runner (Sonora Mesquite Grill) seemed to be inexplicably closed on Saturday evening. This ended up being a blessing though, because I can't imagine having a better Mexican meal than we did at Los Reyes de la Torta. Right when you walk in, you know this place means business. Open kitchen, great smelling food being cooked up, 'best of' signs posted everywhere, and a packed house with people smiling and enjoying themselves wherever you look. Upon first opening the menu, we noticed the prices...dirt cheap. Because of this we decided to get three menu items to try, along with a couple of agua frescas. Here's a breakdown of what we tried: -Pineapple Agua Fresca - Delicious...frothy and natural tasting with each sip filled with a mouth full of mini pineapple bits. -Lime Agua Fresca - Like a fresh squeezed lime...unbelievable refreshing. -Asada Quesadilla - We both liked this the most out of anything we got. Fresh and tasty cheese, awesome tortilla, great tasting carne asada, and a mixture tomatoes/beans/cilantro/avacodo...melt in your mouth good. -Cubana Torta - We are big torta fans, but had to try one here. It was good, but we weren't blown away...again, we aren't big torta fans...so take this with a grain of salt. -Carne Asada Tacos - Okay, I know we already got a carne asada quesadilla...but we really like carne asada...so we just had to do it. The tacos were pretty good, but I wouldn't say they were spectacular. Everything in the taco tasted great but the mini tortillas they use for the tacos wasn't quite as tasty as the flour tortilla they used for the quesadilla. ...we left stuffed and satisfied with our meal. The only possible negative thing about this place is that they don't serve chips and salsa, which is a shame. The hot sauce they bring out to your table to go with your meal would go great with some warm crunchy chips. All in all...this place is excellent. Authentic quality Mexican food for dirt cheap, anyone in the area should definitely check it out. I can't wait to go back and try more stuff. This is a possible 5 star place, just need to go a few more times before it gets 'bumped up'. 4.25/5.
One of my very favorite places in The Valley, hands down. This neighborhood gem is brought to us by the awesome people who gave us Postino so you have to know it is done right!This retro chic quintessential neighborhood place gives us comfort food meets pub food with a unique twist and flavor to keep you coming back. I love, LOVE, L O V E coming to Windsor. The food is the main reason why...and the service and atmosphere are can't miss, too.Atmosphere: cool dark pub-like atmosphere that would be a good date spot and equally as good to kick back with friends. There is a bar if you're into counter seating, a handful of comfy booths, and table seating inside, which outside there is a very cool open patio area. I've sat in both places and generally prefer outside if it's cool enough because it isn't as loud, but also love the booths inside.Food: stuff I LOVE includes the Vegetable Chop Salad (maybe one of my top salads anyplace) that's big enough fir an entree, loaded with good stuff including fried okra and eggs, and hard to pass up. Also. the RIBS..So good! A very satisfying not overly sweet BBQ makes this half rack perfect. All of the entrees come with a side - and there are some killer ones! The market veggie can be very good, the Mac and cheese or the fries are excellent, etc. The burger is also as good any other I've had in PHX (with only the exception of Zinburger). Also noteworthy is the veggie stack - vegetarian or not, this is an amazingly fresh stack of grain and veggies on pita bread that tempts everyone. And for appetizers...the cheese fondue is bog enough for the table to share and includes pretzel, apples, sausage, pulled pork and the cheese of course. We always start with it! Service: always attentive and quick. They usually have someone just filling drinks and running refills, beer orders, etc. That's a big plus for me. Tips: SIGN UP for the email list and get a free appetizer, a free dessert for your birthday at Postino, and specials. For example, it is two for one on Monday and Tuesday nights for all entrees! WOW. You have to do the complimentary valet park in their lot. Kind of annoying, but fast and simple. Or you can snag a spot on the street if you're earlyish. And you could walk it from the light rail stop if it isn't too hot.Dessert: The Postino/Windsor posse also owns CHURN adjacent to Windsor. This is the reason there is  no dessert menu at Windsor. You just walk across the hall and get the best handmade ice cream, cookies, and dime store candy ever! Get yourself an ice cream sandwich with your choice of ice cream and cookies. STUFF IS GOOD. Anyway, can you tell I love this place? One of my Phoenix go-to spots that puts even my Seattle neighborhood joints to shame. If you're in town and want to kick back with some good food, drink, and ice cream make it a Windsor/Churn night!
Airport concession stands are notorious for taking advantage of their clients.  They know they have a captive market and the people being held prisoner by TSA cannot leave the terminal easily to get real food.   So they serve the cheapest, highest profit margin food that is barely edible but good enough so the health department isn't called in daily. However a new trend has developed because of this....main stream restaurants are now opening up storefronts at the terminal serving excellent food and catering to the demand of the passengers because the airlines have stopped serving food in coach.ASAP California Pizza Kitchen is one of these new storefronts and is EXCELLENT.I had the grilled BBQ chicken salad.   On a bed of lettuce were chuncks of BBQ chicken, diced tomatoes, corn, black beans, onion, lots of thin tortilla strip chips.     Overall a very tasty meal.I also noticed the sandwiches which were served on focaccia type of bread.   People around me eating them were very pleased with the quality.In addition, the flight attendants on board the plane highly recommended ASAP.    They especially liked the Oriental Chicken Salad.Overall 4 solid stars for a great airline meal to go place.
I *heart* the Tofu Soups here just as much as I do the Galbi and other fantastic meat from this Korean heaven.More and more seem to be flocking here on weeknights and weekends, which is always good.  As much as I despise over crowd-ness at any place, I don't mind it sometimes as I like social energy built up around my table while sharing the same passion of enjoying great Asian food.I would say the best trait about Chuhgajib is their consistency in service and quality in their food.I had called in and placed a pick-up order one time for some Tofu Soups and they were really pleasant and professional over the phone and upon arrival.  The soups and sides were packed nicely into foam containers and boxed up for easy carry-out! When I was ready to unpack and serve, soup was still warm and delicious!  The amigos were quite satisfied.If you never had Tofu Soup before, I highly recommend trying them here! They are very tasty and have a variety of choices such as Pork, Beef, and Dumplings.  Cooked perfectly!  The flavor of the soup itself with the bits of veggies is just superb.  They come in different levels of spicy: Mild, Medium, Hot.  If you love eggs, they come inside the soup with the yolk intact and white still soft.This KBBQ is probably my favorite on this side of town.
I meant go be going to the other Pho place on Southern but I overshot and missed it and found myself here instead, so I figured, what the heck.  It looks like maybe a former Taco Bell building.  As soon as I walked in I was enveloped by wonderful aromas of pho broth but in the AZ hot weather I opted for a cooler dish, the #45, Vermicelli with Charbroiled Shrimp and BBQ Pork.  It wasn't a large amount of food but it was delicious.  I ate it all, no leftovers.Just about everything on the menu was between $6.25 to $6.75.  Can't get much more reasonably priced than that.There are mostly Asian people in here, always a good sign the food is authentic.  The servers were very nice.I hope I get back here to try another meal before I have to leave town.
Went today on a cold and rainy afternoon. I could've stayed much longer just hanging out people watching! Tried the commuter with bacon and pulled pork bbq sandwich. Commuter was awesome as always.. Bacon was nice and crispy! Had to have that with a Havana latte! The BBQ sandwich was just ok, nothing special IMO. Will have to get a pizza next time and hang out longer! Parking and finding a table wasnt too bad today. Maybe cuz of the weather..Quick tip: sign up for their email club and you can get $5 off your visit to both LGO or nearby Chelseas kitchen. They even send you $10 off for your birthday!!
Agree with Daren, 4.5-5.0 stars!The facts, and nothing but the facts:1) It's close to home!   2) They have only been in business 10 weeks.3) They are really nice, the two guys that own and work there.4) Its cute in there, with the rocket on the wall.5) People that live around here, need a cool place like this.6) The food is pretty good, hot, and fresh.7) The cool bottle soda selection.  My first Jolt in years!8) Seriously, we need more little places like this around here.9) The onion rings and fries are crisp and home made.10) Oh, the price, $13 bucks for our dinner, 100% HN Hot dogs.More:1) They are just starting out.2) Pretty much anyone can afford to eat there.3) Great place to take the family for a cheap meal.4) For 10 weeks into it, I have high hopes for Rocket Burger.5) I bet it keeps getting better...Please stop by and support this really friendly little neighborhood hamburger/hot dog spot.  A couple more places like this, in an area begging for new young upstart restaurants, and this side of town could be a bit cooler and hipper area.  Chili dog for me next time, for sure!
I love this place. You can't get any better than a place that offers really good Italian food at great prices. I always have the pepperoni calzone that always leaves me feeling like I'm going to pop.This place doesn't try to be anything other than a great family run business. When you get there you can hear one of the owners in a heavy Italian accent yelling in the kitchen...it doesn't get any better. If you are near central and Thomas you have to try this place.  You won't leave disappointed!
By far my favorite meal in Scottsdale/Phoenix this past weekend.If you don't want the back-story just skip to the bottom paragraph for how the food is...My hockey team had a tourney this past weekend in Scottsdale/Phoenix area and my girlfriend and I are referred to as "Yelp snobs" by family and friends.  After an extremely long night of drinking, dancing and hot tubs, I woke up with a huge appetite.  My girlfriend and I had been eating healthy-ish all weekend and I wanted a ton of carbs.  I read the reviews about this place and decided we needed to go.We drove about 10 miles to get here, which seemed far at the time but really wasn't. ha  When we arrived the first thing we noticed was that the only sign they have is a sign that basically states unattended children shouldn't be here. AWESOME!  We walk in and there is a little bit of a line, so I assume there will be a wait.  Nope the busser/host immediately started sitting everyone in line.  He took us to a large table in a room filled with wine shelves all over.  It was a family style table that seats 8 with about 3 people sitting down.  We took a seat next to a regular who gave us great incite on this place as well as some of the inside jokes that are on the menu... Mary Patty's Special.  Just saying sometimes the people you meet can make the experience a thousand times better.  If we hadn't meet James we still would have truly enjoyed Dick's.Service - I hardly ever saw my waiter.  He came every now and then but didn't seem to interested in our table... however the busser is another story.  He honestly kept me full of coffee and water the entire time.  He was such a mover I honestly want him to work at my restaurant if I owned one.  This guy definitely made me think about my waiter in a bad way because of how good he was... I really really hope that they tip the busser out well because he is the one I wish I handed my bill to after the meal was over.  Just stellar service. Now on to the food.  My girlfriend ordered huevos rancheros with over easy eggs and green sauce and I ordered breakfast enchiladas, over easy eggs and green sauce.  Both of these meals came with a LARGE side of beans (spicy and tasty) and a good breakfast potato.  When I saw the size of my plate my eyes lit up.  My girlfriend and I spent about an hour and a half eating our brunch.  When we both decided we were done we still had about a 1/3 of the plate leftover.  Since we didn't have a fridge at the hotel we decided we shouldn't take home the leftovers... It was the hardest decision I have ever made.  When I come back next year to Scottsdale for the hockey tourney I will be coming back to Dick's Hideaway and ordering some thing else on the menu.  I really hope the busser is there and he has been promoted to server.  Great place and highly recommend this restaurant.
This is probably my new favorite spot, as I just moved into the neighborhood. I've been here twice. Once for drinks on a date, and once for brunch. Each time the service was stellar. They have an accommodating, kind, and thoughtful staff!The drinks... Oh, the drinks. I'm not usually a cocktail person, but I ordered the Strawberry Basil Caiparinha and the Cucumber Cooler. They're made with actual fruit and were a delight. Not terribly sweet, so perfect for my taste buds. But the crowning glory was the cucumber cooler. Hendrick's Gin, Lemonade... To. Die. For. I HIGHLY recommend this cocktail!For a date night, it was perfect, and relatively dead late at night. The ambiance of the patio was wonderful for the feel of the evening, and was a perfect treat to round out my night.And for brunch? My tongue was titillated with the delight of an appetizer of a baguette with pear-ginger jam & butter, the "Smoked Salmon" and a mimosa. The smoked salmon was served like a Benedict, hollandaise and all, along with fried fingerling potatoes that still make me drool, even still! I dipped the 'taters into remaining hollandaise and ate until I couldn't anymore! It was simply too good, and I would love to enjoy it again - I can't wait to!I was also impressed with them locally-sourcing goods, such as their tea from Maya in Tucson. It was high-quality, and tasty. I'm a total beverage snob, so I appreciate quality coffee and tea!If you like fine tasting food and beverage, this place is great. Brunch also features a jazz group playing, that fits perfectly with the atmosphere provided. I highly recommend this for a date, or a special treat!
This is a New York style deli with meats sliced to order with a wide variety of hero options and daily specials.  Hours are 6am to 5pm M-FIf you work or live in the downtown area near 1st Ave & Adams, you've gotta try the Hero Factory. I'm making my way through the menu one hero at a time with a visit at least once a week and enjoying every bite of it too.  These are honestly the best hero subs I have ever had in my life. The portions are huge, enough to share with a friend.  Not only is the food awesome but the people who run this shop are very cool. They put a lot of heart into every meal they serve with great appreciation.Need a recommendation? Try the Godfather- Italian meats on toasted garlic bread...It's to live for!
Not too bad. It's a upscale sports bar.  Food is pretty good and they always have wine/drink specials.  Usually not many people in there.  I need to put this in rotation more often, maybe a lunch or pregame stop before going out one night.
This is my new favorite place! Cheaper and better than Paradise Bakery! Bread is really soft, every meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry, and you can make your own Italian sodas! The service is also friendly and fast!
There are two listings here on Yelp.  However, if you check Winco's website the address they show is THIS one (Power Rd), not the Hampton address.  So I'm putting my review here.This building used to be Costco.  Costco moved about a mile down the road, and Winco moved in.  Winco reminds me of Food4Less.  Same basic layout, and I don't think Food4Less took credit cards either.  Plus you bagged yourself, just like Winco.The prices here are mostly reasonable.  You can do better in a regular grocery if you shop the sales, however.  For everyday prices these guys are a little lower, and I think at least some of that is the 5% (approximately) that they save by not accepting credit cards (VISA and those all charge a percentage of every transaction, which stores pass on to us).  Factor that in and this place probably isn't any better than Basha's or Fry's, and not as good as Costco.Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad store.  But I wouldn't make a special trip here unless they had some great sale or coupon (which they did for their grand opening).  They are more hype than anything really special.And, just to emphasize, they DON'T take credit cards.  Be aware of this, because they don't have it posted anywhere except at the registers.  By then you've already finished your shopping.  If it weren't for this I'd probably have granted three stars.
Even though I've already professed the fact that I don't mind waiting awhile in order to consume the delicious breakfast foods at Matt's, I certainly don't mind a little diversion from the usual stand around, chit chat, look at other customer's yummy food, wish I had some, get some water instead, sigh. The Downtown Phoenix Public Market is the perfect diversion from this routine! There are a wide variety of stands, especially considering it's such a small market, and there aren't that many tchotchke arts and craft offerings to be had. Just a couple candles and soap stands that are dominated by a lot of fresh and organic edibles. Some of the stands offer little samples of their wares, which of course I had to take advantage of. I had a sip of Hansen's orange creme soda, some iced tea, organic hummus with a pita chip and some interesting roasted Mexican seeds that the Aztecs used to cultivate. Those salty, crisp treats made a satisfying pop when I bit 'em, tasting nutty and delicious. Almost bought a bag. Thought better of it when I saw the guy selling baklava.A small portion of baklava and kataifi was my only purchase, both of which were decadent sweet treats later on after lunch. The layered phyllo dough, the piles of nuts, the honey slathered on thick! It was divine. At 4 bucks for these two tiny squares, it wasn't the best bang for my buck, but the taste totally made up for the size, and when it's that orgasmicly good, size doesn't matter, go ahead and ask anyone. I was also tempted to pick up some pickled asparagus and some jalapeno jelly. Just for kicks.There was a pretty good live folksy musical act when I was there too, so check out the entertainment if you happen to be in the area. And if you're stuck on a Saturday behind ten other groups vying for the butter soaked goodness of Matt's Big Breakfast, this little market is small enough that you can walk the entire extent of the lot, try all the samples they offer, and make it back to the corner of 1st and McKinley before your party is called.
Suki suki nowwww... Time for some Pho!Can you say delicious in Vietnamese?  WHO CARES?!  This place has got the best soup in town and unlike its neighbor, LoLo's Chicken and Waffles, this is healthy stuff!  I have ordered the Chicken, Broccoli, and Bok Choy Pho twice now and have no complaints.  They bring out all the fixins too... Bean sprouts, basil leaves, cilantro and lime mmm.  Rice noodles, chicken, broccoli, and Bok Choy are simmered in a mouthwatering broth sprinkled with herbs to boot!  If you haven't gone yet, you better put that fried chicken down and check yourself!
Was shopping with my son, daughter and her fiancé Sat afternoon and I said I was hungry and daughter said she wanted tamales and I was like no, I'm not getting tamales, I want a burger, so we kept shopping and then I said are you guys up to trying something new, and they said yea, so I said let's try Abuelos, and man are we glad we did! When we got their we 1st ordered the Abuelos dip sampler, which had a cheese dip, a bean dip and their avocado cream, which was like a guacamole whipped with air, not my fav, but everyone loved the bean & cheese dip. Also ordered a pineapple infused maragarita, man that was delish!!I ordered the Nogales, which was beef & chicken rolled into a flour tortilla enchilada style, that my friend was a perfect dish!! Others ordered the Sonora, Tilapia Veracruz, beef and cheese enchilada combo! All the dishes were perfect and delish!! The heat was there I was a happy camper!! Love the spicy food!!! Look forward to coming back and trying other items on the menu! Oh by the way the daughter that wanted tamales, never ordered them, she went with the enchiladas LOL
Ugh I can't stand this place. The only reason it gets two stars is because I can walk there and it's an okay place to day drink and eat some chips and salsa.  On Cinco de Mayo, they block of the parking lot and fill it with sand and then you have to wait 30 minutes to get in.  And then pay.  Friday and Saturday nights are lame-o.  Guys have to pay $5.00.  If you're in heels, forget walking in the sand.  The dance floor fills with a bunch of drunks around midnight.  The crowd is definitely not "Scottsdale", but it's something.....more like skater boy meets Affliction meets arm band tattoos.  And that's just the guys.  I've just spend a few too many nights here either with friends that actually like it or as a last resort so we can stumble home....and haven't had a good time, EVER.
This place has been on my bookmark list for a while.  I wanted comfort food last night and Wednesdays the dinner special is liver and onions.  I can make liver and onions just fine at home but then the apartment smells like liver for a week.  Got there about 6:30 and the place was packed.  I had a choice of waiting at the bar or just eating there anyway.  I chose to eat there and I had a good view of the basketball game on the TV so all was good.  For $9.00 I got 3 good sized slices of liver, a bunch of bacon, a mound of onions, mashed potatoes and gravy and a small salad.  For what I paid the food was quite good and plentiful.  The service was excellent.  I still don't care for skins in my potatoes but the option was wedge fries with skins on.  At some point I will come back to try the chicken fried steak.After several decades of street widening on Bethany Home and 16th st the parking lot is not big vehicle friendly.  The bartender said after the bank closes to the North most folks with trucks park there, including her.
Yet another great experience.......though all credit must be given to Yelp....otherwise would never find some of these places.Can recommend the following:Warm Sonoma Goat Cheese Salad with fresh Raspberries - organically grown baby lettuce , goat cheese medallions, jicama, carrots, fresh raspberries and candied pecans with their home made raspberry vinaigrette....the pecans are truly delicious!Short Rib Quesadilla - A special of the day.....very delicious.Home made lemonade - very refreshingOn the way out the smell of coffee and the view of the double chocolate cookies was too much so ordered to go......very, very good coffee and the cookie tasted like a chocolate brownie.....very moist and absolutely mouth watering......There are many choices for seating....front patio, side patio, back patio and of course inside...all seating options have a great cozy feel....doubt you could pick a bad spot.Staff are also awesome.
I have been going to the Paisley Violin for years, since it was on Roosevelt. It has always been a neighborhood favorite.Everything is fresh, homemade and delicious. From the daily soups to the sandwiches, the coffee and espresso, you can't go wrong.The service is always great, everyone is warm and wonderful.Don't be shy about the area, despite what you may think or hear, it is a nice neighborhood (I live blocks away) and things are changing fast. And it is always great to patronize a wonderful, independent neighborhood business.
Sigh.  The taco plate was skimpy and bland.  I don't mind getting a small portion, but don't charge me $8.21 for it.Get ready to drench your flavor-challenged tacos in hot sauce.  Maybe try a burrito instead?One word: disappointing.
Okay, I'm going to try and redeem this place.I'll start by saying the reason people come here, or bring out of town visitors (should be on your list for that) is Nicole.  I've been to many a piano bar and I don't think I've ever seen anything like her.  You try and text message your friend while playing Clocks by Coldplay!They serve sandwiches and salads.  The most expensive thing on the menu is $13.  They're not serving foi gras or a 5 course tasting menu.  If you're looking for that, head to Scottsdale.The purpose of ordering the food here is to be able to soak up the half-priced bottle of wine you'll inevitably be ordering.  Or, maybe the monster-sized martinis.  Much like the size of the drinks, the food portions are also quite big.  I very rarely leave without a box.If you have room, the desserts are YUMMY.  The Tuxedo, Chocolate Lava Cake, and the "Tira Tini" are all great.  I suspect the others  are too.So, ignore the naysayers and check it out after 7pm Wed-Sun so you can hear the pianist.  If you can get a table up close, go for it.  (no it's not too loud).  You can't leave before Nicole plays her version of Flight of the Bumble Bee, so drink slowly or get your $10 out to request it.  Phenomenal.
Another Indian reviewer here. This place is a complete disappointment and I *never* eat there. A friend and I went for lunch once and became so aggravated at sitting and waiting at our table with no service that we were cussing under our breath by the time the waiter came, giving new meaning to the word "waiter". The food is mediocre. I didn't like (or trust) the quality of the chicken in my chicken tikka masala. There is far better Indian food to be had throughout the Valley.
I give Bonnie G full credit for me reviewing this place, for there'd be no way in hell I'd have seen it or known about it otherwise. I'm trying to remember why we went. Somehow I was in Tempe. Bonnie was in Tempe. Why were we both in Tempe? Who knows. You don't care either way.The point is, walking into Boulders was a little bizarre. It's completely out of place for the area. More like an old college institution you'd find in Chico or Corvallis. Or maybe even Flag. Big, huge, bike-friendly wooden ski lodge. Upstairs loft with pool-table overlooking the bar/restaurant below. It is pretty much the quintessential neighborhood hangout. No scene. No pretense. No slathering your fake-n-bake and hair gel to mack on Landon and Tiffany. Extremely casual and everyone's friendly - from the owner to all the other patrons. And did I mention the beer? An impressive selection of microbrews on tap, many of which I'd never heard of. But the owner took the time to describe each one, and I ended up with a few pints of a really great stout (Bonnie was quite taken with her brew as well). The beers regularly rotate, so there's always something new to try.And sure, there is mostly noise coming out of the jukebox, but I didn't really care. It's not like I was expecting to hear some European DJ who has at least one umlaut in his name and wears wraparound shades even while he's spinning in a pitch black nightclub. You're here for the conversation (unless you're a Woo Girl).So all in all, I really dug this Boulders, in all its sheer normalness. We all need a place like this: a super-casual neighborhood bar which requires the least amount of effort from you. Sitting on your living room couch and feel like having a beer with a friend without needing to put on "going out" attire and "going out" attitude? This is it. Your shoulders are down. You're chilled out. And you're probably discovering a new favorite beer in the process.4 stars.
If it wasn't for the high prices, I'd probably give this place 2 stars.  I went with 2 other people, and we did not order liquor, just an appetizer, and 3 dishes, and we walked out of there disappointed, and spent $140.NOTE: I was facing the kitchen and could see the chef.  For a place that charges $20-35 per plate, you'd expect the pasta to be cooked to order (only takes 10-11 minutes!).  However, the pasta was precooked, but heated up in a pan with the sauces to order.  Any pasta dish from Cheese Cake factory is way better than anything on this menu -- and half price. For the appetizer, we got 4 scallops. Scallops were smaller than we expected on a bed of pesto.  They were alright, nothing special.We then ordered 3 dishes, Osso Buco (special), Linguine with sea food combo, and chicken marsala with linguine.Osso Buco - this was a $35 item, so we had high expectations.  It came on a bed of risotto.  I could see the chef cook from where I was sitting.  The risotto had to be scrapped off the pan, and it was noticeably dry.  The beef was not tender, and clearly needed to be cooked more.  If you've had osso buco anywhere decent, you know it's supposed to almost fall off the bone.Chicken Marsala had no flavor.  I thought there wasn't enough sauce, so I asked for more sauce, but the sauce was very thin and watery, and just lacked flavor.  The 3rd dish was also OK -- probably the better out of the three.We won't be back.
Khai Hoan is another jewel amongst the various Vietnamese eateries we have around the valley, but in my honest opinion it's in the big three.who are the big three, well lets call them the giants of Vietnamese cuisine in the phoenix metro area; they are (in my humble opinion) ~Pho Thahn~Pho Avina~Khai HoanWhy does Khai Hoan make it in the Big3? well, for a number of reasons (most of which have already been rattled off by yelpers far more credible than I)Character:like a Faulkner novel! this little hole in the wall has the heart of a lion, but the trappings of a lamb. It is a tiny joint, cramped and chock full of the knick knacks and bric-a-brac that you could find in any pho shoppe, but, the owner really makes this place his own, and I'm almost sure that anytime I think of Khai Hoan I will picture him, when you've made yourself synonomous with a building, then you've given that place some character.Value:the value here is demonstrated continuously, from their dirt cheap price range, to the heaping portions, to the fresh flavourful ingredients. You can come here with $10 in your pocket and eat like a king.Location:Khai Hoan also slides into the Big3 i.m.h.o. because of the conveniet locale. situated along the light rail corridor, in the same strip mall as the venerable Haji Baba, in lovely Tempe. This couldnt be a more convenient easy place to get to, for me at least.All in all Khai Hoan is simple, tasty, cheap, and easily accesible Vietnamese & Chinese food lovingly made.an interesting foot note:avoid the "salted plum drink" probably the worst thing I have ever drank.
I know a lot of my friends really like this place, but I just can't get over the bad service and the food really isn't that great. It's really close to my house, so I go a lot to hang out and listen to the music that they have come through. Seriously though, I have stopped eating there because I realized after the 4th time that I have had "digestive issues" EVERY time I eat there. No joke. When I did eat there, the food really wasn't that great. Usually a bite or two is good, then it just gets really gross. I've tried about every side item that they offer with there entree's and they are all pretty gross to me as well. The potato salad was the only thing that I actually thought was okay. And one time I went there and she listed off my choices for sides, I said "chips" her: "oh, we're actually out of chips" me: "soup" her: "we're out of that too now" me: "so really, what are my actual choices?" her: "salad". Sorry to all my friends who like it, but it's really not that great. I think people come in and are charmed by the homey, inner-city art dive feel it has.
Mama Mia! Fast food Italian. Who woulda thunk it? Well. Somebody incompetent and passionless. I would rename this place Yuckoli's. Fits better. I knew I was treading on dicey turf going to this joint. But it was in Rickie's old hood and the culinary establishments were limited to fast food and chain restaurants. So I went basic with spaghetti and meatballs (oh God, really, for the love of balls, these circular beef objects were filled with some sawdust like material and blander than Jennifer Aniston's movie career). Not good. We also tried a chicken Alfredo like dish that apparently was made with Elmer's glue. Pasty. Bland. And, yes, it does stick to construction paper. I wasn't expecting much. But I wasn't expecting to be grossed out. All I can say is "Mama Mia, papsa a pee'ah, daddy's got the diarrhea". There. That's classy. And Elite of me. Don't ya think?
I passed by it for almost a year thinking, man that place looks wacky but if it stays in business it must be good.  So I finally made it in and boy am I glad!  Their food is very good.  Meat is very smoky without feeling too dry or tasting burnt - well, it is a little dry but with a little extra sauce its perfect.  Their greens are the best I've ever had.  Its salty, but I think that's part of the appeal of soul food isn't it?  I dunno, this place is pretty tasty.  I hope they don't raise the prices though!
I can't believe it took me so long to try this wonderful little gem tucked away in a strip mall across the street from Desert Ridge! It was the perfect afternoon for dining al fresco. My dining companion had been there before so she knew what she wanted right away. I had a hard time deciding between breakfast and lunch (they serve breakfast until 2:30). Everything on the menu is organic, and they have gluten free options as well. All I knew was that whatever I chose for an entree, I had to get the sweet potato tots on the side. My co-Yelpers . . . you are so right! The tots arrived fresh and hot . . . I was so excited to try one, I burnt my mouth on the first. OMG, they were so divine . . . sweet, crispy on the outside, perfectly cooked on the inside. You could easily order these for dessert!For an entree I had the veggie omelet. I didn't even have to tell them I liked my omelet on the light side, not overcooked. It was splendid! I also loved the fact they the didn't butter my rye toast! My girlfriend ordered the summer rolls which she loved, and the hummus. The hummus came with a huge plate of pita, not the typical little serving you get at some restaurants. I tentatively tasted the cilantro hummus (I sometimes like cilantro and sometimes don't), and I was pleasantly surprised at how the flavors worked so well together. Who would have thunK? As I watched other orders being delivered to tables, I couldn't help but notice the gigantic hamburger and the huge salads. I will definitely be suggesting Tryst as a regular meeting place for lunch, as there are so many items on the menu I still want to try.Service was very good. Our server was actually quite unobtrusive, but still expedient. Unlike some reviewers, I didn't find Tryst to be overpriced at all.
It seems this Roberto's made it to Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive Ins and Dives!Pity they neglected to tell you the same recipes can be found in the Roberto's that are scattered throughout Las Vegas. I'm not shooting it down, but the food is consistently good throughout all of the Vegas locations.I have sent several friends and old co-workers here. They've all said it's worth the drive - too bad they don't yelp! They love the super nachos and for some reason, the bean and cheese burrito were huge hits for them. I've had the bean and cheese burrito and it's pretty darn big and delivers on flavor, too. I never thought I'd get overwhelmed by flavor and size in a bean and cheese burrito. It's amazing what you learn about yourself! Haha.What a pity there isn't a location in Mesa...wait, or maybe that's a good thing for me. :D
OOO & V opened about fifteen months ago, right after Thanksgiving and we've been coming here about once a month ever since.  Their olive oils and balsamic vinegars are great!If you are a foodie, like many of us on Yelp, then this is a must stop.  OOO & V carries flavor infused oils and vinegars.  On most days they have several oils open with pieces of bread to use for tastings  Great idea!Our favorites at this point would be the Garlic and also their Basil, but recently we have been enjoying their Italian Seasoning .  We use the oils almost every day mostly for cooking, but we also love it plain with bread at dinner or on a sandwich.Prices are $15.00 for a 375ml bottle and OOO & V often seems to be running a special on line mostly with Groupon (2 for 1).  I would highly recommend getting on their email distribution list so you can be alerted to their upcoming sales and specials.  Enjoy!
Look, let's face it, Maggie Moo. You never even stood a chance.Your flavors are pedantic and unimaginative, your service is lackluster and disheartening, and your prices defy logic.It's fucking ice cream, and not even good ice cream. I wouldn't know. Maybe if you took better care maintaining your merchandise, it wouldn't taste so terrible.Whether the flavor's "too soft" or "too hard" it requires you take the reserve tray out of the freezer and serve some of that to me instead. So apparently your display case is just that. Display.Your mix-ins are lame and stale. M&M's and sprinkles? Gee, don't give yourself a fucking aneurysm with all this creativity. So you really didn't have much going for you already by the time your cashier called me "sir". TWICE. The second time was my fault though. I tried to intervene and correct her."is that all for you, sir?""Um...it's ma'am, actually. I'm a girl.""Oh. I'm sorry, sir!"If I hadn't said anything I would've only been offended the one time. Mea culpa.It's not entirely that girl's fault I'm giving you one star, but it certainly helped convince.You'd be well informed to know I'm writing a letter. Not to your manager or anything. But to Coldstone Creamery. Begging them back.I figure why be with a knock-off of a piece of garbage when I can just be with the real deal, you know.Ha ha! Who am I kidding. This one event will probably deter me from ice cream all together. I'll need to set "Gelato & Frozen Custard" on the "Ice Cream Orientation" box on all my social profiles.
i really wanted to like this place, i really did. Its a Friday and we expected it to be busy, but aside from one large party, there were many empty tables. We sat down and were more than a little surprised when we had to wait for the waitress to walk by us four times and start setting the empty tables before the bar tender came over to give us menus. We went simple: beef tacos and enchiladas. Honest to goodness, taco bell beat these tacos. They had hardly anything in them. I'm sorry, but if I wanted to eat an empty taco shell I could have done that at home. The enchilada sauce was unimpressive at best.What really got the raised eyebrow was the $26.00 check. No drinks, no appetizers. Just one terrible taco plate and one mediocre enchilada plate. We won't be going back.
I had the pleasure of experiencing Off Da Hook during its first week of business at the new Glendale Avenue location. Without a doubt this is THE BEST soul food restaurant in Phoenix!  You first notice the cleanliness of the establishment upon entering. Not your typical hole in the wall joint that you expect. Nice large booths, tile floor, bright colors, and that oh so sweet aroma of soul food ! I experienced soul food at its best. I concur with another reviewer that Off Da Hook by far exceeds Lolo's Chicken and Waffles.The serving sizes are HUGE so go with appetites ready to be satisfied with all the traditional eats we are familiar with.  Prices are extremely reasonable, service was fast, and staff was very friendly.Glad to finally have a place to call home for good soul food in the valley.
Awesome tasting burgers and sandwiches, a huge selection of boutique sodas and great service every time.4-27-11 I have had their Rocket-Burger, California Club (as a sandwich and the large sub) and the New Yorker too. The burger was taller than my mouth! I love the fries because they are always hot and not underdone. Both the subs I tried were huge, chock full of good stuff. For like $7-$8 and some change in the tip jar you can get a big sub, fries and a drink either regular fountain or pick from 100+ different flavored sodas from out of the 6 coolers they have. I've been out of town..I need my Rocket Sub Fix. ;-)
The Sunday brunch here is excellent (the Beignets au Chocolate stand out in my mind), and the courtyard setting is beautiful. There's an emphasis on local and organic food, which we really appreciate. This will definitely be one of our regular restaurant stops in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.
Asian buffets scare me... I usually don't know what half the stuff is, and if I do know what it is, it's a microwaved crazy sauced version of what I'm used to. Granted, I came here with a hungry hoard of UCSD dragon boaters, so we were all starved from a long day of paddling. Yes, I ate, but I was terrified that everyone would be sitting on a toilet for the rest of the night and that we would be totally unable to paddle our races the next day.Microwavable edamame was my friend since I saw the costco sized bags sitting on the side (I figured I'd be safe with these), and I attempted to try everything else like the random seafoods, mushy sushi, and fatty meats. Their desserts were weird generic cakes that seemed to be salvaged from the sale section of the local grocery bakery, so I stuck with the frozen yogurt.Lots of better options out there, but I guess since there were about 50 of us, we were limited.
My favorite Restaurant in Phoenix by far, I keep searching for better, but who knows why!Dishes that separate Tarbell's from others: Soups to die for Caesar the way it was meant to taste Pommes Frites as heavenly as any in Paris or                                      Brussels Sliders to crave many days after Scotch Beef I continue to dream about Pan Roasted chicken - I NEVER order chicken in a                                      Restaurant, except here Mac & Cheese good enough for dessertIf this isn't FIVE STAR in Phoenix, I can't imagine what is, but I want to go there!
Went there yesterday to watch a postseason game with other Yelpers.  As far as watching TVs went, there wasn't a bad seat in the house.  For those that hate smoke there is a non smoking entrance in the back to the bar side but if you want to play pool or use the Men's room you still have to run the gauntlet of the smoking patio.  Speaking of the Men's room, I have seen worse but this one wasn't really kept up that well and it could use a mopping as my feet stuck to the floor by the urinal. They had plenty of good choices for beer on tap.  I was intending on a burger but table quantities of other stuff arrived.  The nachos were ok.  I don't normally care for hot wings because they are, well, hot.  These were grilled and while they left a slight after burn for me were really quite good.  I also had an onion ring, a potato skin and a cheese stick.  Good solid bar food without being Wow.  Service bounced between really good and "where did she go?".  They were out of stuff like iced tea, some brownies and some of the beers.  As a table we were buying enough drinks that those that mixed in glasses of water were not questioned.All in all a good solid neighborhood bar.
Ahhh almost forgot bout this place. We went there for lunch from work when it first opened up. My friend could not shut it about Philly steak and CheezeWiz (Or whatever its called.)So, they dragged me in there. I could not bring myself to order fat dripping and CheezeWiz smothered real Cheese Steak so i ordered chicken one instead. It was BORING, dry and uninteresting. My granny (One from mom's side who can not cook) could make it way better.So, while i honestly can not evaluate their main product - Cheese Steak,  whatever i got kinda suxed! They do draw big crowds now and sometime there is no place to seat, or at least that is what guys from work telling me. But whataver..."I no like"
I started on yelp after looking for a place to vent about the sad excuse for a short-rib I experienced at The Estate House....I may have found it at the "other" waterfront location - Chelsea's by the... canal.I found my short rib. It's not that short. There aren't any ribs in it. It's juicy, it melts in your mouth, and it's found only at Chelsea's Kitchen!...then there's that thing about putting a fried egg on top of it. Although some swear by it, I just cant understand why you would mess with perfection.BOTTOM LINE: Great patio. Wholesome & simple food. Yumm!
Alrighty, folks. We got donuts.Seriously, I hate writing reviews for chains. But there's a few things about Dunkin Donuts I've recently discovered...even though they're all over back in New York (where I'm from).- Skip the latte. Seriously. It sucks here.- If you don't like black coffee, just get a regular coffee w/sugar and cream. They add it for you, and you'll like it.- The donuts were hard to see on my first visit, right after they remodeled. No problems seeing now. However, I do not think they have as much variety these days as they used to.- Bagels, donuts, muffins: all good. Sandwiches, not so much.Hope this helps.
Pizza A Metro is the ultimate hole in the wall! (I love hole in the walls!)  Located in a smaller shopping strip marked with a vintage style pizza street sign you can expect to find an Italian oasis.  This adorable little restaurant features only four tables inside and two tables outside. (Packed and no time to wait?  Don't worry you can take out as well.)  Adding to the ambiance was the owner who greeted us upon arrival with a heavy Italian accent and loads of charm.  I was impressed with the bread plate that we received shortly after ordering.  It was a little preview of the fabulousness that is Pizza A Metro's Pizza Crust. Yum!  While everything we ate (salad, veggie pizza, and spaghetti) was divine, I am quite sure their was some kind of addictive substance in Pizza A Metro's spaghetti.  I don't usually find restaurant spaghetti intoxicating but this is an exception!Go to Pizza A Metro, take a friend, share lots of food, you won't be sorry!
Although I have eaten here twice and absolutely loved it, I have been afraid to write a review of it because I'm afraid people won't take it seriously. Because they shouldn't. I gave a four-star review to Pizza Patron. Because I for one love traditionally awful pizza. The sketchier the better. I like it greasy (like my hair) and cheap (like my thrills). I love it when the pepperoni gets those little pools of oil in them and when there's so much topping that it falls off the pie while you're cutting it and you have to pick it out of the box...you know, I think I'm going to stop here before I lose my Elite Status on principle.There's a reason you don't see me waiting in line for Pizzeria Bianco. Because I would just embarrass myself by asking the waitier if my Wise Guy could come with a side of ranch or brown sauce (you call it A-1, like that makes it classier...stfu).The first time Misty and I went to Pizza A Metro, we took my mother. After having just learned that all that underwear in the laundry was actually mine and not my girlfriends, she really needed the cheering up. So we decided to bring her into a sweaty pizzeria and tell her we were engaged.I say sweaty because at the time the air conditioner was broken. They did have some fans up. A whole lot of good a couple of fans did when we were sitting like five paces away from the fucking oven.We ordered a metro-size margherita pizza, which really hampered our yelping because we spent THREE DAYS eating the damn thing. But fuck was it delicious. Here I was trying to find the craziest, fattiest meats to stack onto my pizza and all it takes is some basil and tomatoes to sate my taste buds. The manager was really nice with a dash of eccentric charm. Which is good, because he spent our WHOLE meal standing over us, striking up small talk and asking us our opinions of the food. Yeah man, the food's great. Now if you'll excuse us, I need to call work and tell them I need to take the week off so I can digest your fucking franken-monstrosity of a pizza.Mom enjoyed it too, I think. With all this life-changing news happening around her, I think I could've said to her "I just saved money on my car insurance by switching to Geico" and her eyes would have filled with tears of relief and joy.The second time we went, we brought my brother, the pickiest, most pretentious eater I have ever known.  This is a guy who defends his refusal to try sushi by saying "there are some things I just know I won't like. Like [insert homoerotic sex maneuver]." Yes, I said maneuvers. No go [synonym for "copulate"] yourself.He actually lives down the street from a Pizza Patron and eats it 2x a week. And even HE admitted the pizza was amazing. He didn't care much for the carpaccio, but I did. And this is my review. So whatever.I personally like the intimate space, claustrophobia aside. I'm tired of these reasonably sized restaurants that cater to normal crowds of people. I want massive kitchens that leave little to no room for diners. The smaller the dining area, the higher the likelihood you get to sit by the window. Sit by the window and watch all those other fools, I dunno, do what fools do, like watch MTV and vote against gay rights, I guess. Yeah, phobe, I can see you trampling my rights. You have just been taken off the list for my next party, jerkface.I'm so confident in Pizza A Metro's potential for awesomeness that I'm even going to try something not pizza next time. Gasp. Am I going to violate my "no eating anything not stated in the sign" policy? Yes. This weekend (or January 18, if this ever gets to be ROTD), when I meet with some other yelper(s) for lunch, I will probably order a pasta dish. And maybe a salad. Oh god am I about go through my  "salads only" phase? I am NOT looking forward to this.
I am giving Gallo Blanco two stars because I have eaten here a few times, and the food IS good.  However, I had a negative experience last night, and I will NOT be returning.I called before I left work to place an order for carry out and was told it would take 20-25 minutes.  I made my call at 7:04 and arrived at Gallo Blanco around 7:30.  Upon arrival, I was told it would be a little longer, which was fine.  What was NOT fine, was that I did not leave Gallo Blanco until 7:55 (I have the calls I made saved on my phone).  I should have been told I would need to wait another half hour if that was going to be the case.  I could have decided whether it was worth the wait.  I am very busy, and have better things to do than sit around waiting for food that I pre-ordered.  Further, I ordered the 1/2 pollo asado, and when I got home, there was no aioli or corn tortillas.  Also, the chicken was completely undercooked (I took a picture).  It makes me think that my order was not placed until I ARRIVED to pick it up, and then, in the rush to fix the mistake, I was given undercooked chicken that was incomplete, without aioli or tortillas.  I understand that Gallo Blanco is always very busy, I just wish I had been told that my order had not been placed, or that I had been given an accurate estimate of how long the food would take.  In the end, I paid and waited an hour for an order that was undercooked and incomplete.  It will be a very long time before I choose to return to Gallo Blanco.0 stars for service and consideration, three stars for the food.EDITED TO ADD:I received a very nice and apologetic email from the manager about the incident.  I'm adding a star due to their excellent redress of the issues.  Everyone makes mistakes :)
Macayo's - another gringo-fied Mexican chain which quadruples the price for a quarter of the flavor. We knew better, but Mexi restaurants are mostly shuttered tight on Easter, so our choices were limited when hunger struck in the middle of that neon stretch between Phoenix and Tucson. The service earned the third star as all were friendly and fast. But $8 for a teeny, bland scoop of guac? My lonely $13 Baja burro was as bland as a sensitivity meeting at Lego Land, and the food was Mexican in shape only. The salsa tasted like ketchup compote. The lack of flavor was compounded because I'd just eaten tacos el sabor in southern Nogales at La Salida and was nearly transported to heaven. I'd trade fear for flavor any time. Macayo's takes bland to new averages.
Delux is anything but. They really should have called it, "Sometimes Good, Sometimes Bad but Mostly Just OK" There are definately some rules you have to follow here:  1) Always get an order of sweet potato fries. 2) Never do the mixed cart of fries as the cart always comes less than full 3) Never go during the day (you can see how dirty/not well maintained the place is)   4) Always order beer as their stock is great and it helps you forget about what you may have seen if you didn't follow rule 3 and looked at the floor or under your table.
I must say that this is a 5 star combination of those things that make an establishment deserve the coveted 5th star~Excellent, Friendly Customer Service Fresh, High Quality Ingredientsand Superb Quality ControlThe Pastrami is DELICIOUS here!The fresh $2.99 loaves are huge!  Crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.  Mmm, Bread.  }^ )
a girl can't ever forget thee wine whenever she goes outside of her comfort zone...after dinner @ roaring fork (http://www.yelp.com/biz/roaring-fork-scottsdale#hrid:h9_ykP1BKwT5SZbMYFmGrA/src:self), we decided to take it another step further and get our drink on....it took us 15 minutes to find this place, only to find that it's SO hidden! you're literally in for a real trap/tweet because the entrance is behind some alley back door, which i did kind of find it pretty neat to find this rare gem of scottsdale.it's a great place, homey decor, friendly, folks, but what can i say? we ARE in scottsdale, and now, i know, when people say that scottsdale is equivalent to newport or malibu or any pretentious place to be ... was it just me or what? lots of kens and barbies within... i believe i was the ONLY asian person there... WACK!prices were fairly appropriate, a place i would totally get my guilty pleasure on... from egyptian flatbreads to finger lickings and more...caprese salad = yay! soo yummy! wine = damn! you call yourself a wine bar but the wine i ordered definitely had a sour touch...
Well hello, Yelp, long time no see.  I'm back now but in a different city and I'll try to get back in the swing of things. So here goes...first review in Phoenix: The Breadfruit.- - - The owner of the Breadfruit can tell you where the strawberries they use in their fresh made strawberry lemonade come from. And the answer isn't Costco.  I went in at kind of an odd time, 4:30 on a Saturday, after a day of apartment hunting downtown.  There was a duo and another solo diner both sitting inside. The server was friendly and offered great suggestions. The weather was perfect so I sat outside at one of the handful of tables on the sidewalk.  The curried chicken and dumpling were fantastic: served with grilled plantains that tastes more like a potato than fruit,  and fresh bell peppers. The dumpling was dense and went great with the curry sauce. Although the rice and peas that the server suggested were delicious, I think the entrée could have stood on its own.The server picked up on the fact that I was in no rush and she was friendly and attentive while not rushing me. A while later a guy who worked there came outside to eat his meal before the dinner crowd arrived.  We started talking about the book I was reading, Food Inc, and he told me about the restaurant's goals to provide thoughtful, local food. Turns out I was talking to Duane, the owner, and I was pleasantly surprised to hear him tell me the strawberries in my strawberry lemonade come from the farmer's market around the corner and were grown in Yuma. There aren't nearly enough business owners who care enough to invest the time and energy into such pursuits. We talked a little more about our common love for conscious eating and how meals should be experiences, not quick fixes to fill you up.  He explained that this is why his restaurant does not package anything to go. I can respect that. If you want their food you're going to eat it fresh and you're sure as hell not taking it home to microwave leftovers.A chef/businessman with values who eats his own meals, talks passionately about being involved in the growth of downtown and can tell you where his food comes from...I'm a fan.Did I mention the Sweet Potato Pudd'n and vanilla ice cream? Uh.Maze.Ing.
The parking situation here sucks; if you can't find anything on the street (you won't) you'll have to park in the garage across the street.  Good luck with that if you don't own a Vespa or a Smart car.  The interior is always crowded and you'll be lucky to find a table during the lunch rush.That said, I don't care because the Traffic Jam sandwich is to DIE for.  Meat overload w/ delicious hot peppers - so, so good!   Yeah, the crusty bread may "Cap'n Crunch" the top of your mouth a little bit but it's totally worth it. They had another location in North Phoenix closer to my house and sadly, it seems to have closed.  I may or may not have shed an actual tear.
Some of the last negative reviews are just plain whining. I've been eating here for years and the food has NEVER disappointed. The service is always consistent and friendly. The owners Tony and his wife, along with their son - treat you like family. Many of the servers here have been here for years.The restaurant is located in an old vintage house - so those complaining about the atmosphere or grounds are way off the mark as the antique and rustic feeling is part of the vibe.Is the Pizza as good as Bianco? No.Is the pizza outstanding? Yes - no question.Those comparing this to Bianco again again ad nauseum are missing the point. The pizza here has an extremely flavorful thin crust, and the pies are made by a real pizzailo chef straight from Italy. The pizza is generally perfectly charred, with a nice depth of flavors. This pizza is very similar to the pizza you might get in any good restaurant in Italy. So stop the whining and comparison to Bianco... sheesh! These are yummy pies any way you slice them, with some interesting twists like sweet aged Balsamic onions that my kids especially love. The salads here also rock - especially the Pesto salad with small crispy potato bits. Yum!When you come to Cibo you will be treated like family. Sitting outside among the beautiful mature trees and the cool lights at night makes for a wonderful evening out, and few restaurants in Phoenix can match the consistently great food and ambiance. Desserts are outstanding, and the Nutella Crepe with vanilla ice cream is simply delicate and melts in your mouth - I like this one better than the Fresca (fresh fruit) crepe as it has a direct route to my sweet tooth.So for the last few whiner Yelp reviwers...I say go get yourself a pizza "to go" at Panne Bianco and pick up a Red Box movie... and just stay home!They do not put Arugula on everything btw - goofy comments, what can you do lol.
Brew and View!!!!! Such an awesome concept. There is not much better on a hot summer's day than an ice cold movie theatre and a frosty beer. Now that the Esplanade has both you can be sure to find me here on a weekly basis. I got a 23oz stella for $7 bucks so I was quite impressed that they did not jack up the prices. They also sell all sorts of burgers, sandwiches, wraps ect.. I haven't actually tried the food so updates to follow.Insider Tip - Theatres 1-5 are the ones with the reclining chairs, the rest only rock... But rocking with a frosty beverage is A-OK. Bring a sweater, it gets really cold inside!
We like Buca for informal family gatherings.  Going to Buca means everyone will find SOMETHING they like.  It means we will have leftovers.  It means we won't have to clean up after ourselves.  The quality of Buca noticeably deteriorated after Planet Hollywood took over.  We'd been going to Buca for years in various states and things we loved started to disappear.  For example, Buca used to give you really good complimentary rosemary focaccia when you sat down.  Now they give you a semi-crusty white bread with zero flavor.  What do you want to bet they started selling more garlic bread and bruschetta when they stopped giving you the good free stuff?!  The portion sizes also changed noticeably. Still, you always have enough to eat (or more than enough).You always also have a good time.  How can you not?  We always look forward to seeing the old pictures... especially of old Italian movie stars, The Pope and various mischievous children.  Is this the best, most authentic Italian food around?  No.But they do have a lot of Italian-American classics that your family will surely enjoy.I can't give it a 4 stars due to commonly having received extra slow service (due to the kitchen) on busy nights and usually having a wait even with a reservation.  But the food is definitely better than, say, Chili's or other like-priced places.It's served family style for the most part, but you CAN get individual portions of most things at lunch.  Want a tip?  If you're craving spaghetti but you don't want to order a full portion, you can order the SIDE of spaghetti for only $5.99!  It is about 1/2 to 2/3 the size of the small spaghetti at a fraction of the price.
i'm not often overly impressed by vegan food - it's healthy so no need to be tasty - but this place is amazing.  almond milk shakes, homemade lemon and lime-aid.  spicy po boy sandwiches along with the spicy faux chicken wing sandwiches are huge stand outs but everything i've had seems to be incredibly good and , i assume, very healthy.  not sure how they pull it off but very impressed.  never had a bad dish and i make it a point to come here 2 or 3 times every time i'm in town on business. which is often.  the cutey college girls trying to look casual while wearing low cut t-shirts are kinda funny too.  "like, yeah, i just threw this loose fitting , low cut tshirt on without thinking. i had no idea that it exposes me so much! oopsy." getting back to the subject though - the food is good.
I worked at the Salt Cellar for over 11 years and I recently started a new restaurant job in Sacramento, CA. Just the other day a table of mine caught wind of the fact that I just moved here from Scottsdale and immediately said, "My favorite restaurant is in Scottsdale, It's called The Salt Cellar!" Needless to say I was extremely proud to inform her that I had spent the last 11 years of my life working at her favorite restaurant. Now with that being said I feel like I need to make a couple comments about a few of the reviews I just read...When you go to dine at The Cellar you need to know that it is more than a restaurant, it is an experience. Most people choose to come for special occasions like birthdays or Anniversaries. By the way, they offer a complimentary dessert for those occasions. Most people can not afford the luxury of dining at a pricey restaurant regularly although there are plenty of regular customers that dine there. In my opinion you get what you pay for and if you want to eat FRESH seafood in the middle of the desert, you are going to pay a pretty penny for it. Go to the coast if you don't like the gas prices it takes to ship fresh fish in on a daily basis. The food there is pure. By that I mean it is not spruced up with glazes and sauces to mask the true flavor of the fish you ordered. Some people may think that is bland. But I think if the chef masked the fish with other flavors, he might as well buy it frozen. My last point about the price is, there is no a la carte. When you order an entree there it comes complete with a salad, bread and two sides. I have seen people leave the place leaning forward because their full bellies wouldn't allow them to stand up straight. There is a review stating that the place is not kid friendly because they don't carry high chairs. Well, personally that is an incentive for me since I don't have kids and would rather not listen to them scream while I'm enjoying my dinner. However, they are very kid friendly. The owner has two beautiful granddaughters who have been dining there since birth. And if you happen to get Cara as a waitress she will probably take your child on a tour of the restaurant to give you a break while you enjoy your meal. It doesn't get much more kid friendly than that!It may seem like my opinion is a little biased, but I have nothing to gain from this review other than spreading the word that this unique little gem of a restaurant needs to be experienced by you. If you are questioning whether or not to dine there based on the past reviews then please take this one into account. It's a unique and unforgettable place. It's privately owned by a couple that care about every guest that walks in the door. If you don't like your dinner, do yourself and the restaurant a favor and say something. Your server will get you a new one or something different. No questions asked. They want you to walk out the door happy as much as you do. One last thing, in my opinion the best item on the menu is the Alaskan King Crab. Not only is it mouthwatering delicious. Your server will crack it table side for you!
This is the finest dessertery & cafe to satisfy your favorite sweet tooth cravings. They serve world famous exotic Belgian chocolates- Leonidas, along with various types of coffees and chocolate drinks made with fresh molten chocolates. They also have sinful tasting pastries and do not forget to try their Gelato, Italian Icecream.I even got some of these gourmet chocolates packed for friends and family back home.It's conveniently located within the new Westcor shopping center at SanTan Village.
We arrived at the Superstition Farm for our field trip.  Casey, the owner, motioned for my son to take a closer look at the free range animals taking their siesta around noon.  The goose, almost as big as my son, was staring him down.  I warned him that geese can be mean.  I shared a story  when I was once chased by an African goose while jogging.  He then focused on the ducklings and chicks instead, smart boy.Our group of mommies and kiddos were finally complete to take the farm hay ride tour.  Then, car loads of Red Hat Women started pouring into the little farm store.  We all looked at each other and wondered if they were part of our tour, too.  My cutie pie overheard our conversation and yelled out "the Red 'Hot' Women"!   I'm sure the old ladies must have been "hot" at one time, but they sure were cute!  Casey talked about the multi-generational farm and how they still run it as a family.  We now know more about dairy cows than we know what to do with.  There is also a petting zoo.  The crazy ass donkey startled us with its braying.  I want one of those little angora sweater bunny.  I don't know what you call it, but it's soft and furry just like my angora sweater. Finally, it was fun to shop for farm honey butter, herbed ricotta cheese and  a couple of cups of home made ice cream!  Little cutie pie went nuts over the novelty items inside the farm store.  We love this kinda stuff!
I love pho, ramen, basically any kind of noodle soup.  I have had my fair share of pho and I can honestly say that this is some of the best pho I've ever had!This is my go to place for a down home, no frills, cheap meal.Stick with the pho soups here, but some of the vietnamese rice dishes are scrumptious too.  Get #37 (Pork Chop Rice), it comes with pickled vegetables, shredded pork, something like a sausage patty, an egg cake, a pork chop and a side of fish sauce.  Here's a tip ask for a fried egg also which just goes great with the pork and rice. -(so delicious) I have been known to eat two meals a day here.Also, the staff is very friendly and it's family owned, so an extra + in my book.
stopped in here after having a horrible experience at a deplorable chop suey house...ugh.stepped foot in here and said...keep it kinda warm in here. then i noticed two guys hanging from the ceiling...OHH..the A/C is broken. explains why i'm sweating inside..but not outside. i grabbed a couple slices of...paper towels...and dabbed my head. ordered a slice of pizza and side salad.food was ok, atmosphere was ok, A/C was fixed before we left..but i almost witnessed one of the A/C techs fall from the ceiling onto the flattop grill and potentially hurt himself. i did't catch their license number to notify OSHA. but i'm sure they will not be acting like monkeys on the next job site. not too safe.not sure when i'll be back. i usually have place in mind before i'm in the area..so if plan B is in order..i'll grab a slice here. it's not that bad.
I would say this is definitely the best seafood I have had in AZ so far.  Really great food and great decor as well.  You pull up and wonder if you are in the right place but then you enter and go downstairs and see that the entire place is underground.  It all looks and feels like the inside of a ship and its surprisingly a very nice feeling.We had the crab cakes for an appetizer and then the stuffed lobster and the king crab legs.  Everything was very good.  Crab Cakes -They were great.  Not huge but great.  Almost no breading so tons of crab and a very nice dipping sauce that I can't recall.Stuffed Lobster -Nicely sized lobster with all of the meat intact (sometimes I feel that places replace some of the meat with the stuffing to use the meat elsewhere).  The stuffing was very good but seemed like a lot of breading.  Very nice dish though.King Crab Legs -These were great.  Very fresh.  No saltiness, fishiness, or hint of freezer burn that you get many times with king crab legs.  Quite a nice touch that the waitress cracks all of the shells for you tableside and even leaves all the kunckle meat easily accessible.  All the legs were an ok size but not huge.  They were cooked perfectly though.Overall I would say great seafood and a menu with tons of variety and fresh items.  It was a little over priced though.  Pretty much every dish was at least $30 and most were high $30s.  Not obnoxiously expensive but a little much.
Z Pizza I love you.  Screw Bianco's.  You are the best pizza joint in my book.  Every time I go, I get something fresh and delicious.  I used to always make custom calzones which were always to die for, but I mysteriously switched to pizza one day, and I haven't looked back.  After a bark at the park day I decided to try some of their pepperoni pizza that they had out and it was sooooo good.  That's all I get now.  The pepperoni is just perfectly spicy and the cheese is delicious and gooey.  Isn't that what pizza should be like?  Oh yeah, the crust.  I don't really like pizza crust unless I can cover it in ranch, but there is something about the crust here that is so good.  It's light and kind of fluffy.  It's substantial but not too thick.  Yum.  Plus, I can walk to this place from my house in like 5 minutes.  Score.  Thank you ZPizza for opening downtown, you made my dreams come true.
After so many review updates, I usually cease to write more unless I have something really noteworthy to add (a new menu addition or fave dish, or great customer service rendered, etc).  Unfortunately, I will have to say that this morning's breakfast of biscuits and gravy and a platter of peach creme brulee pancakes didn't have us leaving w/ happy stomachs :(  There were a couple of hitches, but these were easily amended.  (I think my love affair of DD's biscuit and gravy has ended.)  My major gripe was that our gingerbread pancakes did not contain candied ginger pieces-- did Daily Dose switch to a new mix/formulation?  If yes, please switch back!  The pancakes we had today were too dense and not at all the flavorful-spicy and texturally-exciting cakes we've had in the past :(  The peach creme brulee sauce also didn't arrive warmed, and instead was squeezed unappetizingly onto a sauce dish.  The leftovers that I usually get to enjoy again on one of my work breaks ended up in the trash.I'm going to go back again soon to give DD another try... I'd like to keep it on my list of fave brekky places!
I'm officially in my happy place! Yummy homemade Cuban food one mile from my house!!!My BFF, a co-worker, and I headed over here for lunch. As the name would indicate, it's a buffet, but you can order anything off the buffet as a main dish and a few other standard items are available daily (Cuban sandwiches - didn't try these today, but they looked just like the ones that I sucked down in Miami, Plantainos Maduros - yummy caramelized plantains, Tostones - smashed plantains fried in to little fritters, and OMG good Flan).We got there a little before noon and the place was full. The crowd was a mix of families and suit types. We were greeted by the friendliest of staff and headed off to the one free table. The menu and prices for the buffet vary by day and they are closed on Mondays. Take out is sold by the pound, so eating in is definitely the best bargain. As this was our first visit, we each decided to have the buffet to ensure we got to sample as much as possible.The main buffet has around 14 items. We tried the following:*Pollo Frita (Fried Chicken) and Fricasé de Pollo (Sauce Chicken) - both were juicy and tender.*Estofado de Res Al La Jaudinera (Pulled Pork with Vegetables in a Tomato Sauce)*Puerco Asado (Unbelievably good roasted Pork - tender and juicy with just the right amount of fat for flavor)*Yuca Root (served in large slices - tender and yummo)*Con Gris (Black Beans and Rice)*Frijol Colorado (Red Beans)In addition they had two additional rices, menudo, pan (little rolls - these were the only things that were somewhat generic), and a soup (but we all thought it was way too hot out to try this one).There are two smaller buffets - one with fresh fruits and a tossed salad, and one with deserts (which we didn't even get to because we were so full).We added the Tostones (4 smashed plantains - fried in to little pancake like fritters) and Plantainos Maduros (caramelized plantains that we dusted with sugar - sending them right over the edge of gastric heaven). I think these were each $1.50 extra.Ended the meal with cubano coffee (mine con leché) and flan (really some of the best that I have had - dense and creamy with just the perfect amount of caramel sauce). I think the coffees were $1.50 each and the flans were $3.00 (well worth the investment and the perfect ending to a wonderful meal).Lunch ran about $16.00 for each of us, but we could have gotten out for under ten each if we had just stuck to the buffet. They have a decent selection of Cuban / Latin drinks, and coke products. And I'm pretty sure I saw someone with a Corona, so they must serve beer as well.This place used to be a Pizza Hut and doesn't appear to have gone through much updating, so don't expect much in the form of atmosphere, but the food is really good - not fancy (more like you would get at someone's home), and is very clean. The wait staff is extraordinarily nice and as they knew we hadn't been there before, kept asking if everything was ok and if we had any questions.One and a half hours after entering the place, we rolled ourselves back out in to the heat and vowed to be back soon! We were all so full that we would have been more comfortable if they had a wheel barrow service that could have ported us to the cars, but c'est la vie...So if anyone out there is looking for a good alternative to Havana Café, please check this place out. The food isn't fancy schmancy, but it is all very good and authentic (Mama does the cooking!) and the Latin music in the background will have your toes tapping throughout your meal.
The Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated and I went here for lunch today, and as we'd experienced separately in the past - the food was great!Based on the foods he's disgusted by, I didn't order what I was in the mood for - had he seen it, he may not have been able to eat at all. So I went with the New Yorker (corned beef, pastrami, slaw and Russian dressing) on rye with the slaw on the side. He had the Black Forest (turkey, corned beef, grilled onions and Swiss.)Both are served with pickles (I believe house-made) and fries. The bread is great, the meat quality is great - and as we both packed half a sandwich and most of the fries into boxes for another meal, we were reminded that maybe next time we should just share a sandwich.Like all good delis - the portions are HUGE. And like all good Jewish delis - the service is subpar, the decor is hopelessly dated, the prices are definitely fair for the quality and quantity, and something about it just feels like "home."I made a mistake though. I ordered coffee instead of a chocolate egg cream. Too few places make a decent egg cream  - and I missed my opportunity. Then again, that's a good excuse to have to go back soon! (As if I needed one!)
Yumyumyum!  And good looking, too!  This place is hot!  It is surrounded by good shopping, has a nice outdoor area for people watching or kids playing, has a coffee bar for those who haven't kicked the java habit yet :).  It basically has it all!  I had a chicken panini on focaccia bread with pesto mayonnaise.  It was delicious but I'll warn you it was very large.  Don't feel like you need to get a side salad to come up with a filling lunch.  That said...the salads looked great, as well.The food service and cashier staff were very helpful.  They knew about the ingredients.  They knew what sold the best.  They were willing to tell you how they liked certain things prepared.  The place was so easy to find, park at and figure out, too.  Everything was clear in terms of where the bathrooms could be found, where the condiments and paper products were and where to start in line to do your ordering.The best part of the experience was the design, though.  This place is very modern/industrial with fun little touches like brushed steel purse hooks at the end of each table.  The bathrooms were separate stalls for the sexes, but had a terrifically outfitted co-ed sink/vanity area.  In addition, if you want to sit inside or outside they've got you covered...and I mean covered.  It felt cool inside and outside and it was kind of hot the day we went.I'm excited to bring the kids by...there are lots of places for them to play and the kids menu looked good and was very reasonably priced ($3 for a PBJ).Keep up the good work!
Love the Hut. Most sub shops have one token veggie sub, but not the Hut. They've got at least 7 different options for non-meat eaters, and they are all original and incredibly delicious. Best veggie subs: Humbolt, Griefo, Silver Haze, and my personal favorite, the Magic Mushroom: portabella mushrooms marinated in teriyaki sauce, topped with green peppers, pineapple & pepper jack cheese... Yum!Yeah, it's got the whole doobie-licious theme going, and yeah, it's pretty hilarious, but it's the sandwiches that keep me coming back. And the rice krispie treats. Oh, and the hemp brownies. Can't forget about the brownies.Service can be a little slow when they're busy, but it's so worth the wait.
I hate chains for the most part, and yet I admit that we went here...and that sometimes I just really like The Cheesecake Factory. Granted, we did have a big fat gift certificate to use...But you know what? Cheesecake is 100% solid. I've tried hating this chain like i hate so many other but I can't do it. Years go by, and I can't hate it.Four of us ate...a lot was ordered. Everything from the California omelette  to salads, the sweet corn tamale cakes, sliders, etc. Oh, and of course we shared two slices of cheesecake - Oreo and the low carb one for me. The low carb one isn't half bad! Is the menu ridiculously excessive here? YES. But does that mean there is something for everyone? YES. This is a good place for a group, a family, etc. Over the years I usually gravitate toward the shrimp scampi, the omelette, the angel hair pasta, or just the sweet corn cakes.The service is solid at pretty much any Cheesecake Factory. And the brown bread they bring is good. Over all, I feel like a chain loving whore coming here...but once in awhile that's okay.
I finally made it down here with the family and was pleasantly surprised at how quickly we were seated on a Friday night. Between four of us (2 adults and 2 children), we split a salad and two pizzas. The salad was the pesto dressing house salad which had mixed greens, shaved parmesan cheese, nuts, and lord if I can't remember the rest. It was very good though. It was too bland for my husband but I thoroughly enjoyed it. The pizza was Di Napoli and the Crudo. The white pizza was super greasy and too heavy for me. The crudo was good but be warned that the salami was very spicy. I had a glass of rose which was okay. I tried to get the Cioccolotini but they were out so we split a Limoncello instead. I loved the location and that it was a historic home. That adds such character.
After reading all of the 5 star Yelp reviews that came before mine, I knew I would like this place!  I was looking for the best place to get my boba fix, and I think I found it!  This was only my 2nd boba experience ever... I went with the green tea + soymilk boba; it was really good - not too sweet and just enough of the "chewies" as Amy D calls them or "gummy bear consistency balls" as several others referred to them!Eba has a welcoming atmosphere and Susie (the owner) was sweet as can be... with free wireless and plenty of other snacks to choose from, you cannot go wrong.I'll be back for sure to try some of the other chewable additions and flavored drinks.  For the health conscious, I noticed you can add protein to your smoothies and order your boba sugarless too!  Gotta love Eba Cafe!  FYI - Eba is located in a strip mall, I never would've noticed it if I didn't know about it from Yelp!
Best place for beer in the Phoenix area, hands down!  Great craft beers on tap and amazing selection of bottles for breweries around the US.  Make your own 6 pack and bring it home if you want.The buffalo chicken pizza is also really good.
My boyfriend and I made a deliberate trip to Phoenix just to eat Chris Bianco's pizza. It was one of the worse restaurant experiences I have ever had, and I never ate the food. The snarky hostess is most unwelcoming. She informs us it will be a 3 hour wait and that I must call every hour to check in, or she will take my name off the list. As a guest, I was treated like they were doing me a favor. This chick must be bangin' somebody to keep the hostess job. When we spoke with Chris, he shrugged his shoulders, like ...."I know I've heard it before."  There was more back and forth nonsense that I will spare you from reading.  We went to the bar next door and had some wine and talked to folks. The bartender had the audacity to tell me they don't need to be nice, look how busy they are?I Um, are you in a service business or what? Does "hospitality industry" mean anything to you?!  I'll take Nancy Silverton's Pizzeria Mozza in L.A. any day; where the menu is varied, the food exceptional, and you are welcomed and treated like a guest. Even if there is a wait, it's never a ridiculous 3 hours. It's only Phoenix for Pete's sake. Spare the attitude.
Rude customer service on telephone and not very helpful. The lady didnt even know what kind of salad dressing was on a greek salad and still messed it up! Hells Kitchen wings were dry and barely even mild. We live 0.8 miles away and delivery was between 1 hour and an hour and a half at 8:00. Then they were rude again upon delivery. One bright side was the calzone was good despite lacking ingredients ordered. Also a delivery fee is bogus after they made us add to our order to even get it delivered. Save yourself and go to Streets of New York very close by instead!
I'm not a huge tea person, although I try to be. The caffeine fiend in my needs some sort of boost, but typically it results in Diet Coke or coffee, but I occasionally also go the tea route. So while on a walk to lunch the other day, I stopped into Tea Time and now I'm a much bigger fan of tea! This place is as fresh as it sounds. Fresh loose tea lines the walls and they have every different kind imaginable. The tea smelled delectable and could almost be used as potpourri. They also carry several local products such as local honey, local olive oils and local chocolate. Way to support living and loving local, Tea Time!I originally stopped in while looking for a Mother's Day gift for my tea-loving Mom. They had great and reasonably priced options, such as an individual loose leaf tea maker that separates the tea from the loose leaves as you pour it out. They had a variety of tea cups and other tid bits that are useful for the tea drinker. In addition, they had some tea lying around to sample while I browsed. The entire store was fresh and airy, just like the tea! I think this is a perfect store for tea drinkers and those on the hunt for a unique gift for tea-drinkers. They also offer classes for those who know a lot about tea and those who don't know anything! I think that it would be a great touch if they added a sitting area and offered a place for visitors to sit down and enjoy tea and possibly even host "high tea" or "tea hour" for those who wanted to get together and have a pot of tea during the day. Maybe they could partner with 5th and Wine next door! Other than that, Tea Time is a great addition to the Valley!
McGurkee's, Im going to make this short my new found friend....Mad deliciousness is over-come at an even more delicious price. It's got this weird Irish Pub thing going on, yet it's an Italian Sub Shop. I got the Super Sicilian  - $6.50/ whole or $3.45/ half. The toasted Kaiser sub roll is pretty full of goodness on its own. And have fun flagging down a parking place because if its full and Im pretty sure it's full of "local flavor" inside too. The place only seats 12.
Woah!  I was in the mood for Boba (which tends to happen whenever I'm awake) and spotted Tea Infusion.  "I wonder if they have Boba?", I asked my partner in crime.  "Doubt it", she said, which instantly became a challenge.... As I walked in I noticed the place was very well decorated... nice, modern,. well lit... classy space, oh and smelled great!  Yes, they had Boba, but it was night time and I wanted something decaf.  The very friendly and helpful staff recommended I try the decaf, iced, soy, chai tea with boba.  haha.  Holy crap was it good!!  They brew the tea right there, to order, then ice it down, add soy, boba, boom, a dreamy combination of chai, soy, and boba.  It was phenomenal.  I wish it wasn't smack in the middle of the Tempe Marketplace, i.e. easier to get to, but rest assure every time I go to Dave and Buster's I will be hitting this place up for a "decaf, soy, iced chai tea with boba".
It's been years since I've been to Grazie, but I was pleasantly surprised that this place is still hopping! The service can be slow at times, but it's a great spot for a leisurely date night or dinner with friends. I absolutely love the twinkle lights romantically lighting the courtyard and the cozy and quaint vibe inside. The brick oven keeps the restaurant warm and smelling delicious. The customers are typically vibrant which makes this a lively spot but in a way that allows you to carry on a conversation without your neighbors listening in. For the food, I enjoy one of the bruschettas or bread dishes to start and for pizza, I love the Toscana which is mushroom and sausage. The pizza is thin crust and delicious. This is by far one of my favorite pizza spots and date night destinations in Old Town.
Yum. Seriously yum. I still kind of feel guilty about this massive breakfast I ate, but... I'll get over it. The pancakes are the star. As many people have pointed out. They're fluffy and have great flavor, and they're dripping with butter. Heaven. I had a plate with two pancakes, two sausage patties, two strips of thick and delicious bacon and two eggs over easy. Ridiculous. Joe himself even came around to see how things were. One star off for the kind of runny, undercooked eggs. Here's a solution to that problem, skip the stupid eggs next time and stick to what's good... Pancakes.
Juan's is so-so, acceptable but the guacamole, salsa, and chips are not homemade. I have been coming here for about 10 years, although not frequently. We know the family that runs the place and everyone gives great service except for the owner who is unfriendly. Lunch hour is always packed, be prepared to wait and no matter what, the wait to get your food is always slow no matter how empty or packed. On our recent visit, our chips were cold and stale, you could taste the lard and the salsa is a runny type most likely from a bottle. At least that's what is tastes like. Nothing about the beans and rice stands out. The burritos are well made and are pretty much the highlight of the menu. The prices are cheap $7-8 combos. Good if you are in the area but given the choice of having to take a drive, you can find better Mexican elsewhere.
My absolute favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley!I just happened upon this place over 4 years ago.  Though the decor was a bit cheesy, it has improved over the years.The service can't be beat!  As soon as my drink is almost empty enough to flag someone down, someone comes by and takes it for a refill.  I've never even had to remind them of what I'm drinking.What to get?The Thai beef sticks with peanut sauce to start.  (By the way, I never know the real names of stuff, so bear with me) They have green, red and yellow curry.  My favorite:  The red curry with shrimp and pineapple.  Ohhhhhhhhhhh my mouth starts watering as soon as I place my order.I always get two entrees, so I can take home the leftovers. MY FAVORITE DISH HERE:  The catfish.  I order "Thai hot" and as soon as it hits the table, my head clears up and I dig in with such zest, it's like I haven't eaten for days.I love the rice, too!  Sticky and it holds the sauces well.Finish up with the coconut ice cream.  GREAT palate-cleanser!Prices are great, or I wouldn't get the extra food to take home!
I swear to Buddah they spike their water with alcohol of some form, because no matter how much I drank to sober up last night, it never happened. Nice bartenders, comfy seating, all around chill. No complaints from me. Will def have to try something other than the water next visit.
2 people $70+ for $12.00 worth of food given the quality.  (and $12 is pushing it)The patio is very nice and I think would be both fun and fine for drinks, chips, guacamole, and salsa.  The Salsa is quite good.  If your planning to eat, go elsewhere!However, that's about where it ends from our experience.  Tortilla factory's food didn't rate on par with even some of the taco carts around town (some of which are actually quite good, so it's probably in insult to the carts to compare them with this place).  We ordered the mole ribs.  The mole was not traditional and was very bad; ribs were dried out and cold.  I think maybe they made the mole early in the day, and then held it around.  The taste was sour, burnt, and harsh.  Not the subtle spice and flavor of a good mole.We then went on to have several main dishes.. one of which was the green pork Chile Verde.  The presentation was awful and the dish looked washed out and very bad.   Think Alpo.   The flavors of the sauce as good but, the meat was dry and tough.The other dish we had was a sweet honey steak dish.  The flavor was fair, presentation was decent however.Overall, I'd have to say I felt sorry for the servers and anyone going here thinking that they are getting a taste of local fare.   Sadly, the food is a very poor representation of the city and its diverse southwestern/Mexican culture.This restaurant has such potential due to its location, but, it's time to change out the chef or get a restaurant consultant in and refresh the menu for it ever to be taken seriously for anything but drinks on the patio.   If you want good southwestern fusion fair in old town Scottsdale, try "The Mission" on the other side of Scottsdale road and just a couple blocks south or Barrio Cafe in central Phoenix.
For my 100th Yelp Review I wanted to write about someplace that I adore. It was a twist of fate that I ended up here in the first place, and while I'd heard how great it was I wasn't prepared for the sheer magnitude or the selection they offered. When the doors opened to reveal a warehouse devoted solely to wine, spirits, and crafted beer, I think my heart skipped a beat for a moment. Aisles and aisles of gorgeous bottles of wine from vineyards in every corner of the globe was a bit overwhelming at first, but after getting lost in them for a while became more of an adventure looking at grape variety, origin, and labels.Next, on to the crafted beers. Now, for those of you that read my reviews, you know I can't have gluten. I haven't had "real" beer in almost 10 years now but was almost brought to tears when I realized that Total Wine carried not one, not 2, but FOUR types of gluten free beer plus a fine selection of hard ciders! OMG OMG OMG! I gladly paid $10 for a 6 pack of Bard's Sorgum beer and will be back to buy another 6 pack with my nifty $1.00 off coupon I got by email. My husband tasted a sip of my Bard's and had to look at the label twice to make sure that it was actually gluten free because he couldn't tell the difference. Gluten free or not, it's a mighty tasty beer.Finally, the perfect finish to my visit that day was the nice young man at checkout who asked me for ID. His button read "We card if you look younger than 30" and I nearly kissed the kid when he wouldn't even ring up my purchase until I could prove to him that I was of age. Thank you Mr. Check Out Guy, for making this 30-something's day with your simple request. 5 stars all around.
Pizza just doesn't get any better than this. Though we have traded in the 120 degree heat and urban sprawl of Phoenix for the green and walkable goodness of Portland, I will always look back fondly on Grimaldi's as one of the brightest stars in the dark void representing palatable food to be found in Phoenix. To be sure, there are better restaurants in Phoenix -- but there are no better pizzas. The topping choices are simple and down-to-earth (no pineapple here!), the way a pizza should be: oven roasted sweet red peppers, ricotta cheese (to die for), sun dried or fresh sliced tomatoes, pepperoni, onions, fresh garlic, Italian sausage, meatballs, pesto, mushrooms, and extras of their base ingredients: mozzarella cheese, basil, and "Grimaldi's Famous Sauce." With these kinds of ingredients, you really cannot go wrong, so have fun picking and choosing!While we like the "white" pizzas with garlic the best, it's not the sauce that makes the difference -- it's the deep, smoky taste of the coal brick oven baked into the thin crust and substantially portioned ingredients. Individual flavors bursting forth from a common shroud of fire.Grimaldi's also offers a selection of starters, including antipasto and a variety of reasonably priced salads; some hot and cold beverages, including beer; and a few East Coast style desserts like "New York Style" cheesecake, cannoli, oreo cookie (invented in NYC in 1912), and tiramisu.  Of course, all the East Coast style pizza and desserts in the world won't change Scottsdale, AZ, into New York City. Indeed, Patsy Grimaldi's exceeds its New York counterparts by catering to the Scottsdale public and providing finer and more spacious dining areas, both inside and out. Service is prompt and always agreeable, even when things get busy. Speaking of which, be sure to make a reservation for larger dinner parties, especially on the weekend.Though we've left the desert for greener lands, I'm not sure we'll find a local pizza joint that will compare. Goodbye Grimaldi's, we'll miss you.
Switch was pretty good. Nothing negative during my experience but nothing super amazing, either.  Everything was good, the patio was cute, our waiter was nice. Really A-OK! :) but not somewhere i would say "LETS GO TO SWITCH!!!! IM CRAVING IT!" Here are my likes (i have no dislikes)- the specials, can't beat the price. - the mac & cheese- our waiter (dusty)- patio- heaterall in all, i dig it. if someone wanted to go here i'd be up for it. also, i would recommend it as a place to go if you're wanting to eat a bit later since their kitchen is open til midnightish.
My friends love Four Peaks for the beer, especially Kilt Lifter.  I hate Four Peaks because everyone loves it.Well, hate is a strong word.  I don't really hate it.  The food is great, especially when you're comparing it to other bars.  The food is prepared like the food is Four Peaks' specialty, which is impressive for a brewery.  The beer is good for a local brewery. I hate that every time I've gone to Four Peaks, I've had to wait, wait, wait for a table.  Four Peaks doesn't have a host or hostess who is handling seating so you're completely on your own.  I suppose if you go at at time that the place isn't completely packed, it's a decent system.  Every evening I've gone, I've found myself frustrated that I couldn't get a seat or practically had to start a fist-fight to get one.  I'm not even 5' tall so fighting isn't usually a good idea for me.  The reality is that my friends and I find ourselves standing, typically in a walkway where we have to dodge the waitstaff, watching for a table to open up.  On a Friday night after a long day at work, it's simply too much work to try and get a table.  I'd rather visit a hole in the wall bar where I can find a seat without work or a restaurant with an actual seating system.
Oh, how I LOVE the donuts here!  Seriously, the most amazingly fresh donuts you will ever eat.  I have probably had every single variety offered, and still haven't found one that doesn't meet my donut-snob standard.  My favorites are the pink-frosted sprinkle cake donut, cinnamon crumb in cake and raised form, and the maple bars.  We have called ahead for large orders, which were always perfectly executed.  I only wish that this spot was on my way to work... although I'm gaining weight just thinking about it.  I'm ONLY taking off a star because their bathroom is seriously disgusting.  Really.  Don't go in there. EVER. But, ignoring that downside... this is the BEST donut shop in all of AZ!
Good, not great, but I can feed myself for two days with one stir fry.. can't beat that!
I'm a vegetarian, but even I still can't decide when I come to Lo-Lo's.  The food is just a big juicy heart attack waiting to happen, but by God, if you're gonna go, go out in style.  Love!
L'amour, l'amour -- toujours l'amours!  I love you Mojo!   My account exec and I took a stroll down Mill Ave the other day to have our weekly meeting off site. It was the afternoon and the weather was nice and she suggested we hit up Mojo.  I'd not been yet but I'd heard some stirrings about this place.  I'm thinking, yogurt.  Yeah.  Thrills. Little did I know what was in-store for me!First off, Mojo gets big points for decor/ambience. They took that nasty former Quiznos and turned it into a pleasure den of low-fat lusciousness.  The whole place is so visually appealing that I just want to hang out there all day...incredible blend of bold reds and shimmering oranges -- from floor to ceiling the joint is spic-and-effig-span CLEAN.  It literally sparkles and the staff was all over keeping the place wiped up and hyper-presentable.   There are funky late 60's-early 70's light fixtures and form-molded chairs and shiny red diner-style booths throughout.  The music (which is so freaking key to ambiance and I don't know why so many people miss this), is a killer mix of positive, chill alternative.The whole place is set up like a giant oval. Really good deployment of human factors engineering/usability with the redesign of the space.  You enter up front, bear to the left and grab your container of choice.  Then you follow  the back wall around and indulge in up to like 14 flavors of frozen yogurt. Fill your cup 'cuz it's only $0.39/ounce!  I got the mint and the pistachio (which was absolute heaven in a cup!).  They also have little "Ny-quil" sized cups for sampling. The green tea was gross - -avoid. Next comes the best part -- two mini buffet bars of the most righteous yogurt condiments/compliments I've ever seen...fruit, nuts, jimmies..etc. and some innovative faves like Cap'n Crunch, Cocoa Pebbles and this interesting chocolate stuff called "flake". I keep wanting to call it "bark" or "root"...I dunno why.Then you slide on over to the super helpful and incredibly upbeat & welcoming lady at the reg, who weighs your yogurt and you pay.  At 39 cents an ounce this stuff is cheap. Then go enjoy your snacky-treats inside or outside on Mill.   It's delicious.  The entire experience is great and the staff is top-notch.After tasting the pistachio the one day with my AE -- I craved it all the next day, so the other half and I drove back into Tempe after dinner the next nite for a replay.  Unfortunately they'd swapped out the pistachio for "birthday cake", which made me slightly sad, but the mint still rocks my world.  You can sit on the bench outside and watch the freaks fly their flags and the business travelers & stoo-dents walking by.  Great people watching. Too much fun.  Too delicious. Too perfect a cost for a great time.  I say 100% phenomenal value and I'm so glad you're adding value to the Mill Ave street scene.Yay for Mojo!  Yay for Tempe!  Yay for Yogurt!  Yay for me!
Everyone raves about this place and yet I am still trying to figure out why? No offense but they really do put on way too much frosting on their cupcakes and my mom makes way better cupcakes. Don't get me wrong, for those of you that love this place, by all means enjoy, plus they are very charitable, however these cupcakes just are not on my top fav list.
This is one of the better steaks you can find in town. Excellent service. The antique bar and the history of the place is nifty too. However, the location is weak - unless your staying near the airport. This is an upscale steakhouse for special occasions, so dress up.
It's about the Integrity of the Coffee?!Really, you talk down to me (the short little man behind the counter) because putting my Americano in a 16 oz cup will ruin the integrity of the espresso.  This is laughable, rude and downright ridiculous and your coffee, while good, is not the best around.So I go in and order a 16 oz Americano.  The very friendly young woman behind the counter informs me that they can only make a 12 oz Americano (even though they do have 16 oz cups) and offers to add shots to the 12 oz Americano.  She says that it is about the integrity of the coffee.  I ask, very politely, if they can pour the 12 oz Americano in a 16 oz cup.  Why?  Because, I happen to like milk with my coffee.  The young woman (I would use her name but I do not know it) said she was not sure if she could and conferred with apparently the person in charge - maybe an owner, maybe a manager and definitely what I would consider an unnecessary, condescending coffee snob.  He tells me that they only do a 12 oz American in a 12 oz cup because, apparently, the integrity of the coffee will be ruined if the 12 oz Americano is put in a 16 oz cup.  (Can someone explain to me two things please.  One, when did coffee, wait, excuse me espresso, obtain a personality and gain integrity?  Second, what lab work has been done that has determined that the integrity of espresso changes when poured from a 12 oz cup to a 16 oz cup?)Then he looks at me, and in probably the most condescending tone I have heard from someone who is trying to run a business in downtown Phoenix say, "Why, do you want to put milk in it?"  As if milk was the mortal enemy of the human race.  I said yes, I did.  He then threw up his hands and with a heavy sigh said to the woman behind the counter, to just do it (twice) and he walked away.   I paid for the coffee, had milk put into it (btw, they have cream on the counter, along with sugar and fake sugar and simple syrup to put in the coffee).  The coffee is good, though it is bitter.  I can think of 2 or 3 other places where the coffee is better and that will get my business.  You, Cartel people, run a coffee shop.  You are a service industry trying to make a go of it in downtown Phoenix.  Customers are not always right, but treating customers badly is poor form  Good luck to you and may your espresso always maintain whatever integrity you feel it should have.
The Mrs. and I had never been here yet. Her boss was in town and we needed a place to take her for dinner before she caught her flight home. Now normally, we don't like to take someone somewhere we haven't been, but her boss had heard about St. Francis and wanted to go.Here's another, "I really wanted to like this place, but..." review. I thought the food was good. Very tasty and decent portion sizes. However, for what you get, I thought it was a bit overpriced. We enjoyed our dinner at a quiet table upstairs, but since her flight wasn't until almost midnight, we decided to hang out for awhile and enjoy a few beverages and catch up. Everything was great until they decided to close the upstairs around 10 PM and they sent our waitress home form the evening. The waiter who took our order was a little snooty and appeared to have other places he'd rather be. Drink refills were few and far between and we thought they were trying to close up. I excused myself to use the men's room and when I went downstairs I was surprised to see the downstairs was still very busy. I'm the waiter would have rather not have had to cover both the upstairs and the downstairs, but we were courteous and tipped well. I'm sure we'll go back and try them again. I really like the ambiance of the patio. It seemed like a great place to enjoy dinner and drinks on a beautiful evening.
Beautiful view. Lovely surroundings overlooking the Scottsdale Center for the Arts, where lots of outdoor festivals take place. Decent food. Nice relaxing music in the background. Nice patio.If you don't mind a staff with attitude, then you'll love this place. (ahem... welcome to Snottsdale.) Questions like "Temperature?" when ordering a burger as opposed to "How would you like that done?" leave the guest translating waiter's meanings. Personally I appreciate waiters who are there to ensure you are comfortable and pleased with the dining experience. After working 10+ years in the hotel business I know what I am talking about.Oh and even locating the restrooms proves to have attitude. Guests must pay attention to the gender identifiers which are way at the bottom of the door softly illuminated. And inside the mirrors were at every angle and odd lighting showing far more than I need to see. Gheeezzz!There are so many other choices where I can spend my money... I think I will chose a friendlier place next time.http://homepage.mac.com/az88/Site/Home.html
This is so not in my ballpark. My family used to torture me and take me to Souper Salad when it was at the Pavillions.I was dragged here by some folks when attending a seminar nearby. For what it is, it wasn't bad. Veggies & salads seemed to be quite fresh. Pretty tasty.  They had a huge selection of soups which is always good. I think there about 8 options and I hit on 2 of them. Thank goodness they had the baked potato bar. Pretty hard to mess that up. Pizzas (which I find to usually be terrible at these places) wasn't bad. Kind of a meager selection at the pasta bar. I always dig the frozen yogurt bar. Butterscotch ftw.Walking in & out though, the sight of St. Francis and the proximity to Postino were killing me.While I will never go to one of these places on my own volition, I can handle Sweet Tomatoes and am confident that I'll be able to rustle up something acceptable.
I really wanted to give 1 star, but the beef was good. Got 2 Italian roast beef sandwiches and fries.LOUSY service, mediocre proportions vs others around, no fresh cut fries! Hardly any giardiniera. Come on. Fresh cut fries are sooo much better and cheaper for the store. Rude fat bastard working the counter. Even my mom couldn't believe how rude he was. He acted like it was the worst day of his life and he wanted to burn the place down or something.Almost every other place I have tried has more meat and no probs with customer service. Rosati's was better. Joey's was better. Chicago hamburger company was better. Defalcos was better. Philadelphia sandwich company was better, kinda. PSC is kinda hit and miss.Luke's was good a long time ago. With so many other places serving basically the same thing, you have to set yourself apart from other places. Luke's does, but in a bad way. And if you've ever had a sandwich in Chicago, DOESN"T EVEN COMPARE! Twice if not 3x more meat.AND I ASKED FOR IT DIPPED! THEY DIDN'T!
Ahhhhh, a traditional sushi bar! My wife and I were in town for the weekend and had already splurged (big time) on Roka Akor the night before, but were still hankering for a more traditional sushi experience. Since we were way up north, Toyama was a great local choice. I am so glad we ate there!SERVICE: The service from both the sushi chef/owner (Mo) and the wait staff was excellent. I was a little disappointed they didn't have any raspberry liqueur to satisfy my down-market penchant for "purple haze" style hot sake, but I don't hold it against them.FOOD: As usual I can't recall everything we ate, but it was all very fresh and delicious, meticulously and attractively presented. I give high marks to any sushi chef who serves fresh wasabi instead of the reconstituted powder stuff, and Mo served up some kind of fresh wasabi with diced jalapenos or other chilis in it (I think he called it wasabi pico?).  All in all we were very very happy with this dining experience. Toyama has found a new out-of-state fan in us!
This particular Taco Bell has never forgotten to complete my order, and has always taken "special requests" easily.Not like some of the others...
So am I the only person that watches Man vs. Food?  Well if you watch that show then you'll know what I mean when I say...OH MY GOODNESS...OH MY GOODNESS!!! OH MY FRICKEN GOODNESS!This is the best burger I've eaten in the state of Arizona over the past 12 years!I tried to understand what I was feeling when I took my first bite so I could describe it to you...you know how Man vs. Food does it?  All I can say is, it was JUICY, FLAVORFUL, EXTREMELY DELICIOUS and HUGE!  I just got the 2 patty!  Oh I can't forget the fries!! THE BEST FRIES EVER! If you don't believe me then go check it out for yourself!This place can become very addicting.  It taste like a homemade grilled burger but 50 times better!!!  All I gotta say is In and Out, Fat Burger need to pack up their stores and get the hell outta town!  I done found my new burger joint!
I was surprised to find Ticoz in a strip mall, but all the same, they luckily have little banners up near the road so once you've driven by and seen them, you can turn around and go back in the correct direction (I get a little anxious driving in unfamiliar places so maybe I'm just nutty).I walked in the door looking a bit confused and the people at the bar waved me in and said hello.  I was glad to be welcomed in my disoriented state.  I walked in right around 4:30 and the place was dead, but by the time I left around 6, people were waiting to get seats in the bar area.  I was meeting a friend, so the bartender was kind enough to get me a water and some salsa/chips while I waited.  As many other reviewers mentioned, the chips were totally store bought which was strange.  There was three different salsas- I enjoyed the thinner spicier one of the three but could appreciate the pico, as well.  Once my companion had arrived, we both chose our own flavored mojitos .  I tried out the raspberry mojito which I was happy with.  I'm not really a mojito girl, but this one packed a definite punch.  Plus, it was super cheap as it was happy hour!We ended up ordering two appetizers off of the $5.00 bar only menu to get a little sampling of what Ticoz had to offer in the food department.  Plus, it seemed like a pretty incredible deal and I felt like we would be fools to pass it up.  We shared the street tacos and quesadillas.  Our bartender offered to make the tacos however we wanted (mix up the meat, and the tortillas) so we could both have what we preferred.  I loved the chicken taco, but wasn't too pumped up about the quesadilla as it was just a quesadilla.  The value was pretty incredible, though...I enjoyed Ticoz quite a bit- it has a cute feel and the service we received was wonderful.  The tacos are a sealed deal, as are the punchy mojitos.  It also has a great happy hour, which I'm always down for.
This place is so awful that I don't even want to spend too much time writing this review.Food is mediocre, service was extremely rude, my catering order was never filled and when I called to confirm the order one hour prior to pickup they just simply told me they didn't make it and wasn't planning on doing it...huh?  I once found a cooked cockroach in my dim sum dish...that was it...would never ever go back.
For a great family dining experience, Joe's is the place to go.  Awesome homemade food including my favorites, cheesy potatoes, macaroni and cheese, and apple crisp.  Did I mention homemade root beer, red cream soda, and fresh lemonade?  The moist, and tender pulled pork sandwich is to die for.   Joe's offers a delicious, clean, fun, family friendly dining experience.  Plus, if it's your birthday, you get a free meal!
If you're looking for a hang out in the middle of summer, keep on walking. Since it has an open window bar plus misters it will be about 100 degrees with 80% humidity inside. The tacos here are pretty good, but a little pricey for Tempe in my opinion. It's also a great place to visit for happy hour but we weary of staying too late because it quickly changed into a "club" (by Tempe standards) shortly after 10. One benefit is that the large couch area is pretty good for large groups snacking and drinking.
Did I come on the wrong night??After reading the 2 reviews I think I must have .. Yes, my ribs did fall of the bones but, it was fall of the bones DRY! The house bread was nice and fresh and I had the best sweet potatoes. But, I came for the ribs~!Supposedly they are also known for the prime ribs but my friend was not happy with his. Our server was great but MY RIBS WERE DRY!!!!!!!Don't mess with me when it comes to my  meat!!!!
I've been a handful of times now.  All I've had is the pizza, but I've had most of the menu (not difficult with only 6 choices).  The last time I went my friends added additional items which didn't improve their pizzas.The positives -- good crust and fresh organic ingredientsThe negatives -- poor pizza design, poor execution, long linesOne bit of good news is that Pizzeria Bianco is now open for lunch.  The last two times I've eaten here there was no line; both were afternoon meals.  The lines are still long in the evenings.I like the crust, as overly thin and slightly burnt as it might be.  And I appreciate the organic ingredients.  But they just don't taste very good.  The Margherita and Biancoverde, two pizza styles I normally love, are just kind of boring.  Supplemental ingredients (expensive to add and the restaurant actually adds too much of them to your pizza) don't help.  The Sonny Boy has sort of a sharp olivey flavor which isn't desirable, and the Wiseguy pizza is less than the sum of its parts.But in addition to the flawed pizza design, I've experienced inconsistency in the pizzas I've had.  The same pizza can taste substantially different on different visits.  Some might argue something about each pizza being unique because they are made by hand, but my experience is that it is simply poor execution.One last item.  This didn't contribute to the review, but is worth noting.  This has to be the worst pizza I've ever had "the next day".  Whether eaten cold or reheated (something I do with a lot of pizza), it is borderline inedible.  Not a requirement for a good pizza place, bur don't over-order because your take home portions will just go into the trash.
I cut this new Buffet a lot of slack back in May because they had just opened, but now here it is two months later & sadly the place is still a disaster case!  I was joined for lunch today by Jose C. & Mike C.  One thing that was all fixed and ok now was the bathroom, but then?  Eek!     :-OThe biggest single problem was the food...  a strange mishmash of dishes that didn't go very well together to begin with, & then almost everything I tried today was blah tasting & VERY SALTY!  If fact, the Chicken Noodle Soup was so salty I couldn't even eat it, & I like salt!  Then my "ice water" was served at the table at room temperature, and so on.     :-OSomeone mentioned in their review that the woman & man who run the place were yelling at each other during their visit.  Yes, I heard the same thing both times I came here.     :-OAt the end we had to hunt for a long time to find the lady to pay her, & they don't even have a cash register or the ability to provide a decent receipt for the purchase.  (My business requires me to keep them.)  She fumbled around to find some money to give me my change!     :-OI like a good Mediterranean Buffet such as the ones at Cafe Istanbul & Princess Mediterranean Market, but there are just too many shortcomings here, & they've had enough time to get things on track.  Ugh!     :-OLunch Buffet:  $7.99
The one and only time I visited was just enough to make me not want to try again. I went early enough in the lunch period that they should have what is on the menu. I tried to order two dishes to go, neither was available. So I just order what ever catches my eye at another glance at the menu. One chicken dish and one pork. Both were dry and just bad. My mate opened his box and took a bite and asked me what this crap was and tossed it in the trash. I made a couple of clubs at home instead.
I liked everything about this place except for the food. I had a grilled Panini  which consisted of ham, turkey, tomatoes and way too much honey mustard. I thought it tasted awful. My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm. She thought it was just ok. The person getting the soup asked me if I wanted asiago croutons with the soup, I said ok. And unknowingly agreed to be charged an additional 59 cents. I thought it was part of the deal with the soup. That really pissed me off when I got to the register. Note to management - You might think you're making extra bucks with that soft upsell method but you are really losing returning customers. Why don't you be UNFRONT AND HONEST and say "would you like some asiago croutons with the soup for an additional 59 cents?".This place looked like they had great desserts. A great alternative to the ice cream places around Desert Ridge. They had an ipod/pc charging station and the seating and general vibe to the place was great.It might be a long time before I give this place a second chance.
Gross.  Wife didn't even bother to take left-overs.  Place does not look clean.  A warning sign for us should have been that this "mexican" place is staffed with gringo servers.  Every quesadilla we ordered arrived soggy, not a single item we ordered was crisp.   Margarita was one of the worst we've had in the north valley (which is really saying something).  Kids seats had broken seat belts.All of this is sad because we had high hopes for this place especially after reading the positive reviews.Not mexican, but infinitely better is Mi Comida at 43rd Ave & Bell.
We sat at the piano bar. My date ordered a 2010 Mirassou Pinot Noir. $6.75. This Monterey County wine has flavors of cherry, strawberry, red currant notes and is well balanced. I drank Bombay Shapphire martinis, three olives. $10.50, I love this gin's predominant juniper berry flavour.Sipped an amazing lobster bisque and a luscious butternut squash soup. $6 each. Also enjoyed a spicy Chipotle Shrimp Flatbread with grilled pineapple, Feta cheese and roasted poblano peppers.$10. Finished with their mini indulgences, chocolate peanut butter mousse and a pumpkin pie mini with double gingersnap crust. $2.50 each.The restaurant concept delivers a sophisticated, masculine and casual atmosphere. The seasonal menu offers fresh ingredients and can deliver lower-calorie option. JJ Jones at the piano was a pleasure to listen to and chat with.
Had a Great dinner at Flo's tonight, Fried brown rice, non-breaded orange chicken, cashew chicken, lettuce wraps, tofu and vegetables and spring rolls.  Love the contemporary atmosphere.
Absolutely delicious Mexican tamales!!  All 4 flavors were incredible.  Living in LA and at times Mexico, I know a good authentic tamale and this is definitely it.
All I have to say is- start with the pineapple upside down cake with coconut ice cream.  If you eat nothing that night this is a MUST!!!!!!Everyone was nice- I was disappointed that my drink glass not only had chipped rim in many spots but there was a huge crack that was ready to go. My girlfriend had chips on her rim glass too.  Split the sushi appetizer- it was perfectly seared Ahi Tuna- perfectly cooked- but it's spicy. I am not a huge spice fan so I cut the edge and then was able to tolerate it.  Had the bass- just as wonderful as I though. My girlfriend had the halibut- yummy. The oven roasted tomatoes on the halibut plate were AMAZING- but only two little slices. When it's that good you want a bowl full.  The setting was a bit dim and low noise level. We were getting tired just being there. They need to turn up the lights.  I would go back without a doubt- but I am not kidding when I say probably THE best dessert I have had in my life- and I know desssert!!!!!
I have a special place in my heart for My Mother's because it was where I broke my 15 year streak of vegetarianism.  And I never had any of the alleged gastrointestinal repercussions that I anticipated.The roast turkey is better than my mom ever made, not that it means much because my mom never cooked.  But it's still good.  The salad bar is pretty awesome too.  It's small, but they manage to fit almost every thing I could possibly want into a four foot long space.  And, they have real homeade bleu cheese dressing that tastes like bleu cheese throughout.  Not like the crappy version that tastes like ranch with bleu cheese lumps in it.I had the pizza once and was incredibly underwhelmed.  Maybe it's better when you get it at the restaurant and not as take-out, but I'll never try it again.  It reminded me of a frozen pizza.Today, because we're on a mission to find awesome wings, ordered some wings as our appetizer.  Our entrees came out before our appetizer.  But when we told the waiter they immediately put them in to cook to our specifications.  Then they didn't charge us for it.  Nice!  Bad service?  No, just an honest mistake that they immediately corrected.The wings however were not that good.  They were cooked crispy like we like it and the sauce had the right ingredients, but the ratio of butter:vinegar:heat was off.  Too much butter!  I felt like I was eating wings in cream sauce it was so buttery.  It coated my mouth with an oily gunk for far too long.  Maybe I wouldn't have noticed if it actually came as an appetizer.I still love My Mother's, particularly for the stuff that my mother should have made: turkey, chicken, meat loaf, turkey pot pie, etc.  But I would stay away from the wings and pizza.
I personally have no clue why the amazing reviews. For one they have 4 menus, its bizarre and unnessasarry. Then they like got one of the menus in off white with like highlighter print and you cant even see the writing. Dinner service is slow as it gets. It took me an hour and a half to get 2 rolls and the last time 2 hrs for like 3. The fish itself is fresh, I had things there that were good and stuff that was not at all good. Whoever cuts the fish has no experience clearly. The slices are thick and cut in odd places. The scallop carrpaccio was realy good and the yellow tail carpaccio was kinda gross and in huge thick chunks. If you can combine all four of your menus hire a few more servers or kitchen help, andtrain the dude who cuts blocks of fish this place has a solid foundation for success its just a few things that keep me un interested. If I was invited here by a friend I might come back but I would not reccomend or elect to come back with out influence. I dont talk like that??
On a recent Sunday, on my way to get brunch at a downtown eatery, I had a horrible realization.  My restaurant didn't open until 10:30, and it was only 10:00.  I couldn't wait, I needed food STAT!And then I saw Fez.I ordered a G-Spot (drink), which is appropriately named.  Light and fizzy, it was delicious.  Not in the mood for breakfast foods I ordered a Balsamic Blue cheese burger with spicy fries.In no time at all I had a beautiful plate of food in front of me.  The burger was perfectly cooked and delicious.  Even with strong flavors like Blue cheese and Balsamic glaze the flavor of the beef stole the show. The fries were messy and wonderful, chock full of spicy goodness.  I felt no shame for the spice stain that surrounded my mouth.  The fries came with a garlic aoli that perfectly balanced out the flavors.Since that first fateful visit Fez has slowly taken over as my brunch spot of choice.  I'm ok with that.
This place is phenomenal.The food not only is scrumptious but can be a real work of art. I also love Café Bink.
Finding a really good, homey Chinese restaurant is really important to me and my husband. Call us crazy, but we love Chinese food, and there's something special about a family-style restaurant that can't be replaced with all the PF Changs and Pei Weis and Panda Expresses of the world. When a friend told me her family has been going to Wong's for years and years, I knew I had to try it. When we walked in, the decor reminded me of my family's local Chinese restaurant that we loved. After we were seated, our waitress brought us hot tea and ice water. My husband and I have a ritual: he gets whatever is most like his favorite dish (General Chu's Chicken) and I get something different. Then, he has to have noodles. He found the Emperor's Chicken, which was very good. The big chunks of white meat chicken were fried, but not thickly battered. The sauce was spicy with a hint of sweetness. Our other dish was the Mongolian Beef. It was very good, but not as good as my favorite Mongolian sauce - at the Mandarin Grill in Tucson. The lo mein noodles were good, but my husband wanted the BBQ pork, and that's not really something I like. My water glass was never even half empty before our waitress came to refill it, and the tea was very good. I am so happy to have found a good Chinese restaurant in the West Valley, not too far from home.
I was hoping I would like this place better, but that is not so.  After telling my husband that I was feeling particularly inclined to eat either Mexican ( a rare occurrence for me ) or Chinese food, he suggested Chino Bandido.  After a little bit of research on the internets I decided that there was something suitable for me there.At first glance, the place looks seedy.  Upon closer inspection, it just looks dirty.  That didn't really bother me as some of the best food can come from the not so best looking conditions.  They haven't been shut down, so how bad can it be?  The way of ordering food here is a bit too complicated, you feel like you're taking a pop quiz you aren't prepared for.  The little sheet of paper you use to order just doesn't have very good instructions.  However, the girls working here were all very nice and helpful, and more than willing to dole out samples to anyone interested.  I finally ordered the Jade Red Chicken with plain fried rice.  The rice definitely seemed like a fusion of the Asian and Mexican with the style being Chinese, but the flavor being very Mexican.  The chicken itself was rather tough, definitely not a high quality.  The crispiness of the batter was really good though.  The sauce that makes this Jade Red was described as sweet and sour with a kick.  Well, I missed the sweet and sour flavor.  It was more along the lines of just kick.  Now, I understand I have a low tolerance for spices, but this was over the top for me.  I will be back next time I am congested.  The snickerdoodle they served with your meal is the bomb though.  Yum.Overall, I am not really impressed.  Creative, but not something I'm really feeling.  I think I may check out the Chandler location to give this place another shot.  A pretty decent place that I guess is worth checking out, if only to laugh at the giant strapped panda bear statue inside.
There are so many things *right* with Hana that one can almost overlook the sordid quality and schmaltzy presentation of their sushi rolls.Overriding every other concept of the restaurant is the fact that 95% of the hungry patrons at Hana are boozehounds like myself, and this place will cater to the unholy amounts of BYOB that each table will bring.  What is truly exceptional is that 1) No corkage fee 2) They will chill your white for you in an ice bucket at the table 3) If you bring beer, they will keep it in their fridge for you and bring you another as you continue to dine  4) everyone here relishes in this policy.Seriously, I witnessed a table of 5 with 5 bottles of wine and a sixer of some imported swill.  You could eat a seaweed wrapped piece of Gypsy at this saturation point, and it would taste like toro.So, my gf Melissa B and I get there around 6:30 on a Saturday loaded up with our Sav Blanc and six of Rogue Dead Guy Ale and with full intentions of waiting for a table due to the popularity of this restaurant and its 50 person max capacity.  Surprisingly, they had 3 tables open, all of them 4-tops.  The hostess informs us that the wait will be 20-25 mins and I'm thinking 'oh, cool, those tables must be reserved.  No worries.  Oh, and hey look!  There is a two top paying out'.  Well, after that couple leaves, they scoot over the two top to make it a six top and seat the aforementioned boozer-quintuplets who were rightfully there before us still waiting.  Okay.  No biggie, there are still open tables.A party of three come in.  "Hi!  There is no waiting".  They get a seatAnother party of three stroll in.  Yep.  "Hi!  There is no waiting".  There goes our last chance of a seat for a while, and we're 25 mins into our wait.  Thank God I brought the beer.As I understand it, they will only seat parties of two at their two tops [of which they had few, and one was being used as an impromptu wine rack for the wino-Salingers] or at the sushi bar.  I really have absolutely no problem with this policy, but I could see how it would piss some people off -- maybe from an older generation who feel slighted by shit like this, which is why I'm even discussing it.  But anyway, we eventually we got our perfect little two top and preceded to order edamame and miso.  These are two staple appetizers for any Japanese restaurant.  The edamame came out cold, which was okay, as it is typically served cooled .. but I actually prefer my edamame heated and the server never asked for a preference ... hell, they even ask you at throw-away joints like Ra.  Since we are a culture of benevolent Americans who are intent on skewing EVERY foreign dish, I always assume that the edamame will be served warm.  Either way, I was too timid to ask since these servers seem to be flying around the small restaurant with nary a second to spare at the microwave.  The miso soup was excellent ... but if I'm looking for shit to complain about, they served it with that damn goofy, oversized spoon.When we got our boat of fish my gf and I commented that we would have liked a little extra prep time.  I mean come on, there needs to be distinct transitional times between courses.  We were only mildly impressed with the presentation.  The rolls were prepped very sloppily.  The yellowtail was absolutely lost in the rice.  The tempura shrimp was sliced so thin that it was destroyed by the chopstick.  The caterpillar roll had almost no essence of eel within.  The spicy tuna was good, but nothing to rave about as seems to be the trend when discussing Hana.  We also ordered the processed daikon off of their specials-board [which our server never went over BTW], and I would highly recommend staying away from this unless you curiously want to know what Little Lisa's Slurry from the Simpson's episode "The Old Man and The Lisa" might have tasted like.  Blech.  I'm sure it was downhome authentic, but Christ, THAT was vile.  Anyway, that was MY fault, not Hana's.I will say that the first time that I came to Hana [with Graham C and Yelp's famous Jerry], it was absolutely phenomenal.  I think something has been lost in translation.  Back then, their rolls were much better prepared and the toro was otherworldly.  Perhaps it is the hulking Melrose virulence seeping into their foundation.I will conclude with a statement about  how I am aware that Hana is going for authenticity; which makes the curt service, lack of formalities like "hi! how is everyone today" [I doubt they do that shit at sushi joints in Japan], and loud, bustling atmosphere work to a degree.  I can HOWEVER, see that being such a turn-off to those unwilling or unaware to put up with it, or worse yet, interpret it as rudeness.  I personally like the fact that places like Hana exist as an antithesis to garbage like Ra.  But every polarization needs an equilibrium, and for my money, time, and need for experience, nothing beats Sakana.
What else is there to say?  This place is amazing.  Great wine.  Yummy food.  Excellent staff.  Beautiful neighborhood.  Funky/chic interior.  I love the garage door indoor/outdoor seating. I could waste my entire paycheck here.  Better yet; I can move in and just sleep on the comfy lounge furniture.
I'm a little stingy with the five star rating, but three words describe how I feel about Gallo Blanco: "F*ck yeah, Jesus!"  I eat at Gallo Blanco at least twice a week, and I think they serve the best tacos and tortas in Phoenix.  Hands down.  On this past Monday night, I went on a taco bender and ate nine tacos in a row - three cochinita pibil and six carne asada.  I really couldn't get enough of them.  And they have Negra Modelo on tap; I don't know why I ever eat anywhere else.Gallo Blanco is a Mexico City style taqueria, and based on my visits to the D.F., it succeeds in its authenticity.  But Gallo Blanco is also a pretty cool place to eat in good ole Phoenix, Arizona, U.S.A.  Good food transcends ethnic boundaries.While the tacos are delicious, Gallo Blanco is more than just tacos - a standout on their menu is the elote - a cotija cheese and paprika spiced cob of corn.  And the guac; where to start with the guac . . . whoever came up with the recipe was a culinary genius.Did I mention that Gallo Blanco is a great value, too?  Their chorizo and egg breakfast weighs in at an easy-on-the-wallet $5.00.  The tacos hover in the $2.00 price range depending on the ingredient.  Dinner for two, with drinks, can be had for a very reasonable price tag.  Even the drinks are kick ass: I had the opportunity to sample Gallo Blanco's margarita ($7.00) one Thursday evening, and then Barrio Café's "Cadillac" margarita ($12.00) the next day.  Edge: Gallo Blanco. Here's a tip: try Gallo Blanco's chilaquiles for breakfast.  Chilaquiles are best described as "breakfast nachos;" they are basically corn tortilla pieces cooked in salsa, and sprinkled with cheese, served for breakfast with eggs.  They're very popular as a breakfast in Mexico, and I think there's a good reason for that: they're damn tasty.
I used to love cooking, and when I cook, I'm actually semi-decent.  I taught myself through trial and error and a bunch of cooking shows a few years back.  And then I went to med school.  Now I rarely cook and we tend to eat out a lot.I'm not really sure why we keep going back here.  The staff is sometimes friendly, the food is sometimes good, and I could do without the wild west theme.Actually, the food, especially the dinners, are cafeteria quality: canned green beans, instant mashed potatoes, tough meat. I think they should actually serve it in one of those square plates with the dividers to make it more authentic.The breakfasts are more appetizing and really, really cheap.THAT'S IT! Bill Johnson's is cheap and easy!  We keep going back because it's fills the belly without emptying the wallet.  It's easy to get to from my house, and easy to remember because of it's kitchy-ness.
Decent place in downtown Phoenix to grab an outdoor lunch when it's not too hot. Big outdoor seating under their awning. Good selection of sandwiches and salads, but food was average. Salads were $8.50-9.00 each but came in reasonably large portions.Bottom line: Will hit the spot but don't expect to be wowed. Nice option for outdoor lunch and/or drinks.
I have to go w/ five.  I can still remember every, even the most subtle flavor, starting with the bread and oil, the Ginhound cocktail, followed by the salad (we chose the salad Pavle talked up, and we were not disappointed).  As we munched on the salad, I commented to my dining partner that we were eating a lot of grapefruit - both the Ginhound and the shaved fennel salad featured the fruit, but neither were overly bitter at all.  It was the ideal way to start the meal.We elected to carry on with the Spigarello (delicious- excellent balance of garlic and a slightly buttery taste) again per Pavle's recommendation, along with an order of the mozzarella w/ an egg over braised leeks.  This was my favorite dish (well, tied with the salad and dessert...).  The mustard breadcrumbs added a little tangy flavor along with a fantastic texture.  Finally, we decided to split the bread pudding dessert.  Made w/ chocolate/cherry bread from the Phoenician's bakery (available at the Old Town Farmer's Market in Scottsdale), it was decadent.  All in all a fantastic meal - everything was perfect.  The atmosphere, the service...  It was fantastic.  You won't regret going there.
Pinky's is a great place to stop for breakfast, or to grab a quick sandwich. The prices are good, and the service is friendly. It's the perfect place to take your really picky nephew who won't eat anything but grilled cheese or spaghetti... because they have something that he will eat.
I have ate here twice.  Very convenient location at 32nd st. and indian school.  The first time I ate here was about 1 year ago and I had the Thai wrap.  It was not very good in my opinion and had no thai flavor at all.  So I didn't go back.  Then I just went 5 days ago out of convenience to grab n go back to my office.  I ordered what is now my favorite turkey sandwich in all of Phoenix.  I'm definitely a fan.  I'm reluctant to order anything else.  There is a long wait for your food, but it's always busy, and good food takes time.  I can care less for the cookie but I'm not much of a sweet tooth.  So go to bertha's, and just get the turkey sandwich!
Any sandwich wrap special named the Paris Stilton gets extra points in my book.  It was a tough decision between the partygirl/jailbird-inspired wrap or, the Tipper and AlbaGore Tuna, the Ken and Barbie Que, and the Very Brady Clubster. Beyond the cutesie named sammies, is some decent (and healthy) lunch grub.The menu is basically just wraps, salads and rice bowls.  The digs are real cute in a boho-chic, let's-open-a-restaurant-in-an-old-house sort of way.  The wrap itself (Very Brady Clubster) was WAY better than I expected.  Typical club ingredients with sun-dried tomato mayo and cornbread stuffing (almost polenta like) that really OUTDID itself.  Highly recommend.  The bowtie farfalle pasta salad was a bit oily for my liking, but they also have chips and salsa and fruit salad as alternatives.Tons of veggie options here, as the owner here also owns Green in Scottsdale.  Tofu can be substituted on anything here.It can get crazy packed around lunchtime with downtown suits on weekdays so def. check out on Saturday if you can.  The line was about 10 peeps deep at Noon and parking was a bit scarce.  Damn Gina.
Fab happy hour.... make dinner out of it! 4 rolls , 2 salads & a lobster wonton app with a divine sauce to go with... all about $40... including a couple drinks.. Yellow tail roll was my least fav.. just had a weird taste.. and I cant do sushi with a taste that isnt fresh... umm sorry not worth it.. but everything else was right on...so I didnt send back... Waiter kind of complacent.. I hate my salads to come seconds before my other choices.. Decor I adore!
*Sigh* I can hardly believe it, but I finally ate at Pizzeria Bianco, one of America's most famous and highly rated pizzerias. After 5 different and failed attempts to try a slice of Oprah's favorite pizza, I contemplated a plan to get in by calling on behalf of a cancer stricken girl with only a month to live and one dream: To eat at Pizzeria Bianco. Instead, I took someone's advice and made sure I got there early on a Friday night. And when I say early, I mean not early enough because at 3:45pm, there were already 50 people ahead of me. Estimated wait time? 2 hours!!! And did I mention I got there at 3:45pm and his doors don't even open until 5pm? 2.5 hours later...to be exact, I was seated. Browsing through the simple menu, I decided to start with the Spiedini. The Italian Fontina cheese wrapped in Prosciutti was a little too rich for me. As for the pizzas-did you catch the plural? I decided to order all 6, yes 6 of the listed pizzas. I figured the chances of me waiting another 3 hours to get into Pizzeria Bianco were slim to none so I better order all of them and get it done! Efficiently, with the help of my BF, we finished 4.5 26" pizzas out of the 6 pizzas in one seating (the Margherita, Marinara, Rosa, Sonny Boy, Biancoverde, and Wise Guy). Told you I could throw down :) The tables beside us were either disgusted or shocked. Out of the 6, my favorite was the Marinara pizza. It stole my heart with its boastful, yet simple flavors of just 3 ingredients-tomato, garlic and oregano. The Rosa was my least favorite because of the overwhelming amount of onions. Being a meat lover, I was disappointed with the protein shakes...I mean pizzas. They were Hoover-daming and drenched with oil. Not sure if they're always like that or if it was just our order? I prefer my pizzas to be moist, not drenched. Overall, Pizzeria Bianco has amazing dough and tasty pizzas. I don't think it lives up to its hype taking into consideration the ridiculous wait time and my hunger pangs. But it IS an experience-to be able to try such a famous restaurant located in our own backyard. I'd return...as long as someone else stands in line. I've already taken one for the team.
Yay!! A Starbucks within reasonable walking distance to the office! This one is much nicer than the older one over on Adams. This Starbucks location is updated, bright and airy, and has some cool folks working in here. There's outside seating, and it's on the edge of a nice park with water works and even more outside seating.  The seating is a bit crowded, and they don't have the green stoppers out where we can grab one -- you have to ask the barista for one.  Either way, this location is great for a hot or cold drink, especially if you need a break from work or if you're walking around enjoying the nearby shopping.  This Starbucks is on the SEC of Washington St and First Avenue.  From the street, it could be easy to miss; however, if you're walking, it's beside Jimmy John's and across from Chipotle.
4 stars because ....i can always find the complete line of  Olay Regenerist  products at this location !
The sheer number of Yelp reviews had me intrigued, but my experience was that this place may be a bit over-rated. Not a dinner place in my humble opinion.  Lots of interesting bar food, and a well stocked bar, but way too dark inside.We must have been there too early 6:30 for the music others have mentioned.I think two stars sums it up fairly.
Grateful Dead, Bob Dylon, The Police, The Rolling Stones, Eric Clapton... these were the first five artists playing overhead at this Arcadia dining destination.  Totally kool and definitely my cup of tea.Oh, and the food was pretty good too... actually, I've been to Chelsea's a handful of times, and I've enjoyed the food and ambiance on each occasion.    You can't go wrong with the rotisserie chicken but tonight I went with the steak tacos and shared the swordfish tacos with Colleen C from Chicago Yelp.  No drinks for me as I was DD tonight - yes, I let the girls have their fun!  Tunes, grub, and ambiance make this place a 'go-to' whether you sit inside or out...
Olive, Ivy -- you are both gorgeous and sexy - I LOVE YOU!  Perhaps it may be lust, but how will we ever know for sure unless we spend more time together?  What I mean is, much more time.  In fact, I'd like to move in.Seriously.What a beautifully designed place, with candles and great lighting, large windows, and an absolute deliciousness IS the essence of Olive & Ivy. Featuring a great happy hour, sangria, Mediterranean / Italian fare; it's a coffee shop, bar, restaurant, and market all-in-one. So nice and complete - a perfect offering is what I say!Great wine selection, a fun & lively environment, and great food. Outside tables are especially lovely on a nice day or evening, but in the summer heat - no, no, NO.  Whether this is for a date, a small group, or a 'happy hour' with your co-workers...this place could be the object of your desire (as well).
Valentine's Day and what can be better than a wonderful night out with my beautiful wife!  We booked reservations at Fogo de Chao and were looking forward to a wonderful evening.  We arrive promptly for our reservation and were warmly greeted by a 20 minute wait standing in an overcrowded lobby.  We overheard the hostess tell another patron that Fogo was running behind because people were taking longer than expected to eat.  I guess they did not account for folks actually wanting to enjoy their meal and their conversation on Valentine's Day.  We were taken to our table and our waiters greeted us with "Man, I am tired, can't wait until by shift ends."   - Sorry for the inconvenience.  We will try not to ask too much of you. -  Well, I think he read my thoughts because we went to the salad bar and returned to find that we still did not have our drinks, including water, or forks.  We did a quick check to see in anyone else was eating with their hands as part of the cultural experience.  But, they had forks and water, so we waited.  And waited... Finally, we flagged down a meat chef who kindly gave use the equipment necessary to begin our meal.  The food was average.  The steaks were great, but the lamb was gamey and the chicken was average and a bit dry.   The rolls were beautifully prepared and had an interesting texture.  We were invited to try their dessert, but decided that we did not want to overstay our welcome.  So we politely asked for our check and waited.... We did pass the time watching the waiters flip through the bills from other customers evaluating their tips like the IRS agents checking tax returns.  To be serious for a moment, for the price of this restaurant, we expected a more classic dining experience with a professional, attentive wait staff, etc. However, it may have just been a over overcrowded since it was Valentine's Day.   Yet, that is exactly why we picked this establishment in the first place....
Rule #1 Do not go on Saturday or Sunday mornings- its insanely busy and crowded. But once again who has time to do a full breakfast during the week? Anyhow stopped by this place a few weeks ago with a good friend to have some brunch. The Fresh OJ was lovely, my friend went on some random eating binge which scared me. From omelet to toast to pancakes- Carb Deprivation possibly? I guess she really enjoyed her breakfast.I had some Florentine hash brown with grilled chicken and poached eggs (PERFECT POACHED EGGS) was quite lovely. I did have a debate between Belgian waffles- and Benedict sandwiches. Its nice if your starving in the morning and want to have a hot meal waiting for you while you chat along with your friends/family/random stranger. I've been in the mood for a Belgian waffle but I keep forgetting to go back, odd. Now I find it hard to ever go back to my college buddy IHOP, this place is more than a few steps ahead !
I give this Walgreens a thumbs up in my book for the following reasons:- they carry the basic essentials that you would expect from a Walgreens - they sell eggs, bread and milk--- all the essentials without requiring me to run into the grocery store! - And finally...they support the troops and have a consistent fundraiser going on where I can donate a dollar to items like bath needs and even popcorn to the troops oversees.
Flo's is a role model for other restaurants and this one is sure no exception. The service and the food  are consistently excellent. You can tell that the staff has been extensively trained in customer service so you leave as a happy customer. My favourite item on the menu is the shrimp pad thai.   I also like the fact that they have lunch and dinner portions.Some other reviews mention that this location will close within twelve months.  I strongly doubt it!
I believe that cupcakes are one of the best desserts available.  These miniature cakes seem easy to execute, but I've been to cupcake joints all around the world that have led me to beg to differ!I first found out about Tammie Coe from the 4410 N 40th St location review on Yelp.  It was the closest location to where I was -- and I was searching for the best cupcakes around!  After reading reviews that said the Roosevelt St location was better, I decided to try both.I had the 4410 N 40th St location cupcakes first.This Tammie Coe location has the same cupcakes as the first one -- Red Velvet, Ooey Gooey and Coconut.  I did not try the Coconut because I'm just not a fan in general.Ooey Gooey -- As opposed to the sugar crystal covered cupcake at the 40th St location, this Tammie Coe colored their frosting and gifts you with adorable design aesthetic.  I wondered why they differed, so I asked the gentleman behind the counter. He said it just depended on the day.  This Ooey Gooey was far superior to the one I tried at the 40th St location.  It was moist, sweet -- but not too sweet.  The icing was fresh, sweet with a tad of salt to add a delicious dynamic to a normally mundane cupcake combination.  I remember eating the Ooey Gooey with its chocolate cake and wondering why Tammie Coe offered so little variety.  The lack of sugar crystals made this icing much more enjoyable.  Red Velvet -- I can honestly say that this is the best Red Velvet cupcake I've found in my travels so far.  I'm continually impressed with its quality.  Again, I believe Tammie Coe uses a form of vanilla cake for this cupcake which means it's not a true Red Velvet.  And again, who cares!  This cupcake melts in your mouth.  The icing is divine.  And with this flavor combination, the sugar crystals really add a depth of flavor and textural dimension, which is far different from my experience with the 40th St Ooey Gooey.Service at this location was far superior to the 40th St location.  They offered us water before taking our cupcakes to go, which I thought was a wonderful touch.So, they gave me the BEST Red Velvet I've had in my travels.  Why didn't I give them 5 stars?My biggest complaint of this location (as well as the 40th St location) is their lack of variety.  I'd love to see them tackle something more complex or unique.  While Ooey Gooey has a cute name, it's just a black and white with fun colors.  All in all, go here and get the Red Velvet.  It is the best I've had.  Just don't be surprised if you are disappointed at everything else they have to offer (or, in this case, fail to offer).
After seeing this place reviewed on Yelp, I felt it was time to stop by and check it out.  I'm a burger loving kind of gal, and am always on the hunt for a good peice of meat.  This place definately has it going on.After finding a place to park in the garage, I wandered into Smashburger and was happy to see that it was a clean new place. Ample menu of items to choose from, with a small variety of burgers, a hot dog or two and some chicken options as well.I was torn between the BBQ burger and the All American.  I went with the All American, and boy, was it good.  Good came out quick and service was great.  Ya know what else?  They had a bunch of Yelp pens here at the register!!  This brought a smile to my face! Yippie!What I really liked about this place is the burger is juicy, and not dry or "corporate" tasting.  I didn't feel like it was to greasy either.  I found it to actually have flavor on its own as well.  Worth a stop here.I should also mention that this is review #300 for me.  Ya wanna know what else?  I hit 3000 miles on my car yesterday.  Cool, huh?  Possibly a sign, but quite cool that I am doing review #300 and hit 3000 miles on my car in the same day.  Cool.
There is a God in Phoenix and (s)he is Chinese. For the last 6 years I've been on a quest for decent Chinese food in Phoenix and come up consistently empty-handed. Diamonds answered my prayers.Everything I've ever ordered (I get take out about once a week and try to mix it up with safe faves and new diversions), has been fantastic.  Diamonds is the real deal for Chinese in Phoenix, as substantiated by the fact that every time I'm in there there's  a very healthy multi-cultural   mix of Asians, Latinos and Euros.  When you walk in and you see the bubbling tanks of fresh fish & crustaceans plus a room full of Chinese diners -- you know the place is good. The two key indicators of good Chinese IMHO are the fried rice and the lo mein.  No BS here and no fakery. No nasty dried out yellow/orange sazon goya rice with frozen peas and no Barilla scorched in oil masquerading as lo mein.  Diamonds fried rice (all kinds) is the best I've had in 30 years and all of their dishes are custom cooked to order and sered brilliantly hot. From soups to apps to main dishes, everything is fresh and delicous.The one downside (which is why I gave only 4 stars) is that when I'm craving Diamonds, I'm worse than a crack-whore jonesin a fix. I need it  NOW.  And as they prepare each meal to order the wait can sometimes be laborious.  They also have a stock answer of "20 minutes" for any order and I've placed my orders in advance and sometimes waited up to 45 minutes for the take-out to be ready.  In their defense that has been when I've gone in to pick up my take out and the place got packed and I think they prioritize those in the location over take-out orders sometimes... which stands to reason when you have a hungry table of people waiting, I guess.  The lady who works the counter is always nice while I'm waiting, offers me a seat and a glass of water, so I cant be too pissed at 'em.Face it -- we're not in NY, San Fransisco or any town with a real Chinatown, so when it comes to getting your authentic fix for Chinese in Phoenix, Diamonds is worth the wait every time!
The only thing that saved this from two stars was the baba ganoush and Gabi!  We shared a plate of the baba and hummus.  Covered with veggies and olive oil.  This was better than my actual lunch, which was a small Greek salad.  Uh...Greek????  It was romaine lettuce, a few chopped red peppers and purple onion slices with...Italian dressing.  Read: tasted just like WishBone.  Seriously.  I was disappointed, because I've read the reviews.  Maybe I just need to try other stuff.  It had a store inside, too, but I didn't have much time to check the shelves.Oh, and they pushed the lemonade BIG TIME!  Neither one of us wanted  it, but they did give us a free cup of it.  It was pretty good!I'll go again.
Crackers & Co cafe is good, but every time I go something just isn't quite fulfilling, and I can't put my finger on it. It's not that I don't enjoy the food, or the awesome chili and tortilla soup. I guess each time I go I'm not totally satiated the way I expect to be based on what I read on the menu.Now don't get me wrong, the food is good especially the salad with pears and gorgonzola. The sandwiches are always good too, but like I said I'm always left wanting in a way that eludes me. But then I just order a lemon square and I'm perfectly pleased and all is well!
Unlike Fish Tacos, there are indeed great hot dogs in Phoenix, so let me try and prove it now.  So, I had a rare day off during the week, and was craving a Franks-a lot foot long.  I was thinking about how long it has been there, and how consistently good it has been over the years. I therefore decided to bump it up from 3 to 4 stars and add a couple of pix.  I was debating Ted's but didn't feel like the drive and the hour in line wait for a hot dog!  So off to Franks-a-lot  we went.Please note how nice and fresh the poppy seed buns are and the hot fresh fries.  Everyday they have a special.  The dogs themselves are 100% Vienna beef and they have a really great taste to them.  Only open M-F 930am-300pm, which is a bummer.  It is outdoor seating only with good mister action.  If you are craving a good Chicago dog during the day and you are in the vicinity then you have to get your Franks-a-lot on!!It is right across the street from Gateway Community College....
Pizza is one of those things like hot dogs and certain other foods that some people feel they have to make sweeping claims that the style they know/prefer is the "best" and anything else is unacceptable.  It always makes me wonder why they would go to the trouble of going to a restaurant other than their "favorite" and then giving it a bad review because they didn't like it.Anyway, this review of Upper Crust Pizza isn't going to rate the pizza as "best or worst", it will simply tell you what I experienced and you can choose if you want to try it or not.We got there a little early in the evening last night and it was almost empty, not looking good.  But within an hour the place was bustling.  Let's look at some of the key things restaurants are rated on:- Service.  Could not have been better. Our server (from Jersey complete with cool accent) was awesome in every way.  Tremendous energy, personality and just a lot of fun.  Score: 5- Price.  We had a "small" pizza (which at 16" is what every other pizza place calls a "large").  It was $10.99 plus toppings (@ $1.50 each).  This would be considered a great price, BUT their special was you could buy any pizza and get any pizza free.  That came out to be probably the lowest price pizza in town!  Score: 5- Ambience.  The place is clean, funky, fun and not pretentious.  What I loved is that the bar was in a totally separate room so all the loud drunks were far away from the dining area.  There are large-screen TV's on two walls, but they didn't overwhelm the room and thankfully the sound was turned down.  The background music was classic '40s vocals played at a reasonable volume.  Score: 5- Food.  I know pizza.  I've eaten virtually every type and enjoy variety.  I usually try to order my pizza the same way on the first visit to any pizza place ... pepperoni, sausage & mushroom ... which allows me to compare "apples to apples".  If you've ever been lucky enough to eat at America's first pizzeria, Lombardi's in NYC, you will find that Upper Crust is an incredibly accurate comparison to the Gold Standard.  I found out why.  Virtually everything is hand-made on the premises ... dough, sauce, sausage, even the cheese.  Who else does that?  And that difference can be discovered with the first bite.  To my taste, it is flawless.  Our second pizza was the Upper Veggie (artichoke hearts, mushrooms, onions, basil pesto, to which we added ham). While far from being a "traditional" pizza it was awesome.  Score: 5- Beverages.  Extensive wine list paired with an equally extensive on-tap & bottled beer list.  Score: 5So there you have it, Upper Crust earns a rank of 25.  What's that?  I can't add up the individual scores?  Sigh.  Ok, have it your way.  But PLEASE don't come back with any reviews whining that their pizza isn't as good as Domino's or that it's not deep dish.  If you do, I'll whack ya one!
Incredibly low prices for the food, and the food is average - which means this is a good deal.  No complaints, no bad tastes, just rather average.  Butter crust was somewhat buttery and the 3-cheese bread had nice herbs on it as well.  Exceeded expectations for the price.  Good review is primarily because of value, in case you haven't noticed.
Great stuff!! Oscar's is a small, but very clean little place. Located in a strip mall in the Arrowhead area. The guy at the counter was very nice, which in my book is a huge plus. It's no frills either. Order at the counter and get your own drink, (plastic) silverware, condiments, etc. Sit down and they bring your food to you. Most of the fare is fried so I don't think I'll be going here every day...or every week for that matter.However, the food was great. Really good. My GF had fish tacos and fries. She said they were "excellent". The sauce they put on the tacos had a little kick to it. I had some cod and fried shrimp with a small cup of clam chowder. All were very good. Yep, I'm a fan and I'll definitely be back.
It's a diner with decent food.Nothing special, nothing bad either.  Decent service, good tasting food.  Very heavy, greasy food, but tastes great.  A little pricey, for a diner.  Breakfast for two, one coffee was $24.00 and their fruit bowl consisted of 10 pieces of honey dew and 4 grapes... pretty sucky.
Heidi...I don't know if all deli's are like this in Brooklyn, if they are I surely don't need to visit then.  Very, very dull and boring inside with no pizazz at all.  I was hoping to emulate a NYC trip by coming here, but that didn't quite happen.  The sandwich I had, the reuben with pastrami on rye bread wasn't too bad.  The meat and saurkraut were about average.  The highlight was the bread as it was very fresh and full of flavor.  At least they got something right here.Overall I may or may not come back here.  I'm sure the place serves the lunch business crowd and that's what it's good for.
Woah, this place is great!  On my first visit I walked in and was immediately greeted by 4 different "hello"'s, "welcome"'s, and smiling faces.  What a warm welcome right off the bat.It was a little hard to find, but once you find it, you will be so glad you did.  Their food is amazing!  I have been twice now and have had their pork chops, hot links, and chicken wings, all were perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, and tasted excellent!  I was a bit hesitant with the hot links, as often they come way too greasy for my taste, but these were grilled to perfection and not overly greasy.  I was very impressed.  I have also tried their dirty rice (spicy and dirty with ground beef, great!), black eyed peas, and their french fries.  The fries were just fries, but seasoned well.... everything else was spot on.  I really enjoyed their dirty rice.  I've had a lot of different types of dirty rice, and this was very unique and very tasty.Their chicken deserves its own paragraph here.  Seriously.  I order their fried chicken "not battered", so they basically season the chicken and drop it in the deep fryer.  OMFG.  I've eaten my share of fried chicken, but their chicken, by far, is better than anything I have ever eaten..... easy.  In fact, my mouth is literally watering as I type this.  Go, eat their chicken. The environment was nice... low light, dark decor, great old school tunes being spun by a dj on the 1's and 2's. Don't worry, if you don't eat wheat or gluten, just tell them and they will make sure your meal is made without, no issues here.  Very accommodating.
I go there primarily for the hot dogs.  Well, the hot dogs and the really great deals.  Long live American Consumerism!
First time I walked in, it was just to browse for Spanish ingredients.  They had a surprising variety for a tiny grocery / deli but mainly the same I already had found at AJs.  But I wasn't wow'd with the overall atmosphere... so moved on w/out a further thought.Several weeks later, this time to give the food a fair shake.  I was surprised, yes, it's good!  For under $12, we had 2 blue crab cakes (great), a side of sauteed kale and country potato salad (with fresh crunchy vegetables).  I had no expectations at all, but now I'd hit this place anytime if I was in the area.No wi-fi.
I had dinner here with my wife last night for my birthday.  I can best describe our dinning experience by using the best urban adjective I can think of...our experience at Kai was RE-DONK-U-LOUS!  The whole dining experience was like watching a ballet. Every move our waiter (Daniel) and his assistant made was well choreographed, purposeful, and symbolic. Each menu cover has a watercolor painting that is designed by local Pima elder Mike Medicine Horse Zillioux (he is also the flute player you will hear in the back ground while you eat). In addition, each menu cover design comes with a story given by our waiter. The wine list was extensive and the sommelier was very knowledgeable on the list, but the sommelier self-admitted  that  the list needed some updating since some of the wines listed were not in stock. However, no ding here from us. As the sun was sitting, Daniel (our waiter), pulled back one layer of the curtains in our room, which gave an effect of the wonderful colors of a setting sun in the entire dining room. After the sun was half way down the Estrella Mountains did Daniel pull back the final layer of the curtains and we were in such awe...FOOD:THE BEGINNING (Appetizer)We started with the Lobster Degustation. This dish was made up of three lobster dishes. The first was a buttered braised lobster tail under an avocado mousse, tear drop salsa, & lobster coral. Second lobster dish was lobster knuckles in sweet corn panna cotta with sour radishes. Third, was a lobster cobbler with mesquite meal & burnt Irish porter cheese (this one was my personal best!)THE JOURNEY (Entree):Wife had the Red Deer Venison Loin with Sage Infused Gnocchi. The venison was prepared with a spiced sweet chile & fair trade coffee rub served under a broccoli rabe puree, shaved pecorino & currant jam. Wife describes it has tender and flavorful without any of the game taste that sometimes come with venison.I had the the Grilled Tenderloin of Buffalo from the Cheyenne River Tribe. This dish was prepared under smoked corn puree, cholla buds, Merquez Sausage (chorizo) and scarlet runner bean chili, and Saguaro blossom syrup. Again, no game taste and very tender. The buffalo was cooked so well that it was like cutting into some butter. WOW! THE AFTERLIFE (Dessert):We had the Creme Brulee Meets Old World which consisted three creme brulee dishes. The first dish was an Eclair inspired creme brulee, which was a mesquite meal choux & lavender custard. Second, was ice cream sandwich inspired. It was made from two pieces of ginger snap in between a Mexican vanilla bean ice cream creme brulee. The final dish was a meringue pie creme brulee that was a masa pastry tart & meyer lemon meringue. Great dessert! It was such a wonderful experience! Every detail of our dining experience was thought out carefully. From our forks and spoons being warm to the touch when our main courses came out and to them being chilled when we received our desserts.
I have never really been a fan of public masturbation, but then again, I had never been to Geisha A Go Go's restrooms before either. Ladies, they have an osculating bidet that has front and back controls.......There was a large (and excessively rowdy) group of us in one of the private Karaoke rooms celebrating Nathan S's 35th birthday this  past Saturday and I gotta say, I had a damn blast. We sang Love Shack and Sweet Caroline and Careless Wisperer. I even did an inappropriate duet to "Like A Virgin."Oh, and those pear vodka champagne drink things?? I unknowingly sucked down 6 of them. Thanks to Georgie S for making sure it was Grey Goose. Anyway, sure I paid $54, but I was seriously having the best drunken blast and I felt like I hadn't touched a drop the next morning.So, the waitress fucking hated us, but we had a g-damned blast. A BLAST. We twirled on poles, sang horrifically at the top of our lungs and probably contracted some diseases from the booths and carpets, but whatevs, it was a blast!And P.S... I never actually used the bidet.... really... for more than a second
Very good for vegan restaurant.  Prices are a little high, $11 for a large wrap, but very big and worth it!I actually sat down and looked at the menu and thought to myself "i really feel like a burger".  I was very impressed when my wrap came and it had great flavor.  If you are in to eating healthy, definitely give this place a try!
I am reviewing after my FIRST experience at Pizzeria Bianco.I will start from the end.I'm later walking my dog after an incredible meal and think to myself "where else in the valley does the experience begin with a wait?" And I am not talking the walk up, get a buzzer, and wait. No sir, I'm talking people lining up before the doors open. Chris Bianco must love to come to work every day with a line out the door. Because the day there is no line and no wait? That will be a sad day.I'm in marketing, so naturally I think the setup is brilliant. A small, cozy place, the owner cooking who actually acknowledges you when you walk in and the feeling of honor to be a part of the "Bianco Secret Society" when you finally do get in. I stood in line for just over an hour - just enough time to chat with a few people in front of me and behind me. And although I didn't make the first seating because my party was too large (8) - when I finally did get in, it was very cool to see the people I stood with in line give me a nod and smile and say "Hey! You made it!"THE FOOD: I swear in the back of Pizzeria Bianco is some secret garden where all of the fresh ingredients come from because the quality is there. You can't find veggies with that kind of flavor anywhere. The sausages are definitely imported from Italy (I know I've been there) - so many people might not like the flavor because it's not Americanized. It's all real here folks. I studied for my venture here on yelp. Every review helped me but here is my own experience and hopefully it will help others. My grandma wanted to try this place for her birthday, so with 4 seniors and 4 others totaling 8 - I thought we would need reservations. I called for a few weeks but never seemed to get through when I called and they seemed booked for months in advance. So after reading yelp, I found out that even if you do make reservations you still wait. So unarmed with reservations, I agreed to go into battle alone and stand in line. It was a Friday, and with 7 hungry people on their way to meet me at 5, I was a bit nervous about being able to get in at all. I left work early, hopped on the light rail and stood in line at about 3:50 and was the 25th or so in line. I brought a book, but chatted most of the time anyhow - there were plenty of trees and benches and so it was very relaxing. When the doors opened at 5, they did the first seating but then everybody else in line waited to be put on the list. We were quoted 7:30. So we walked next door and grabbed wine and beer and relaxed. It wasn't 6:30 and they called us in - and there we were! IN!I ordered one of each of the pizzas on the menu. Everybody thought it would be too much food, but there was NOTHING LEFT. The pizza is not the heavy, cheesy, pizza we're used to normally - you can eat quite a bit. We started with a few salads and the antipasto. LOVED the antipasto. Salads were definitely fresh grown greens, the flavor was amazing.I could go on with much more detail, but I'll end this by saying we each had our favorite, mine was the one with Arugula on top. We all walked away talking about how amazing it was and how great we felt, after dining on pizza. That's a sign of quality ingredients.All of that said, I can appreciate many places for what they offer to their customers. I will definitely be back to Pizzeria Bianco, but can also say a good greasy slice of Slices also does the trick at times. The dining experience is all what you make of it.
I have very mixed feelings about the Arrogant Butcher. Four visits on varying occasions have each resulted in different experiences and levels of satisfaction. I love the atmosphere and the overall experience, but the lack of consistency is noticeable and I have heard similar criticisms from friends. My first trip to AB was for drinks and a snack during a break from a sporting event downtown. I went over alone (to escape) ordered a Manhattan and an appetizer. The Manhattans were perfect (who stops at one?), and the charcuterie and cheese were terrific and served with some unique accoutrements. However, it was some time before I was able to order that first drink, and in fact, almost left after waiting at the bar for quite some time without acknowledgement - and there were only about 5 other patrons nearby. Once I did get someone's attention, everything was brilliant, but I can never understand a bartender not promptly taking a drink order.My succeeding trip was very similar to the first, waited at the bar with a friend for an inordinate amount of time before finally having our drink and order of cheese and some appetizers taken. The restaurant was not particularly busy and the bar staff was sort of milling around chatting rather than trying to make money by serving the two thirsty girls in front of them. Once we had our (very well crafted) beverages in hand, everything went swimmingly. This place does a stand out job of mixology and the bartenders, while less than attentive, do know how to make a great drink. Third visit - dinner date (no worries boys, it didn't go that well): Service was wonderful in the restaurant and I wish I could recall the waiter's name. We ordered a couple appetizers again went for charcuterie and cheese. The stand out for me was the pate - then again, I am always a sucker for pate. My dinner date had a steak and I had the sweet potato tortellini, which was simply wonderful. Fourth visit - birthday party for ten. This was again a super mixed experience. The restaurant seated us in a private room in the back, which was decorated with some very cool photos of Phoenicianicana. I was a little late in arriving so the crew had already devoured several appetizers and a plethora of oysters. From what I heard the mussels were a big hit and they liked the cheese plate as much as I did. The waiter was super nice, answered questions, took our orders and kept everyone's glass full. Dinner was a bit of a mess. Two of the guys ordered steaks with the $18 crab add on for a surf and turf, one filet and one rib eye, both of which came out overcooked. One of the gals ordered the crab, and the waiter came and explained it had 'fallen apart' so they were bringing a new one. They did fix the errors, but it is ever so awkward to have part of your party finished with dinner while others are waiting on theirs to show up. I ordered the scallops and they were perfectly cooked, but I had to bite through sand in about half of them, which is just a bummer. After we'd already had so many issues I didn't want to add to the aggravation in sending something else back to the kitchen. The GM did come see us, apologized and brought out a round of deserts. In a nice effort he brought two of each of the four desserts on the menu, which we all tried out. The stand out for me was the salted caramel pudding. No one really understood the warm peanut butter gelato, which essentially tasted like peanut butter soup. We were having a good time and we did appreciate the manager and waiter's efforts to apologize and take care of the issues.The Arrogant Butcher has a pretty sweet little happy hour menu and now that my office is now less than ten minutes away, I will probably be stopping back in to check that out and am certain I will eat here again. I just wish they could regularly be as great as I know they can be.
My experience - five of us gathered for dinner around 6pm. I rate the food 3.5 / 5 and service 1.5 / 5. Please please check your final tabs because we discovered a 20% gratuity included (not mentioned by our server) because we had a party of five. After pointing out the fact that our fifth did not order a single item, the server then lied to us saying he mistakenly added it to our bill instead of another table. This dishonesty was a major red flag as there was only one other table of three ladies and one couple sitting at the sushi bar. Eddie was a very nice guy but was definitely rushed. This was confirmed as he asked for a rewards card as we closed our tab and forgot to hand it back. It was obvious he had too many tables to keep up with the demand. (Slightly) above average sushi + dishonest service = 2 stars at best. For future reference, please inform me if gratuity is going to be included in our final bill. I do not wish to say my entire experience was ruined by one individual, however, I do want to give a heads up to others and what they may face. This weekend was a very busy and important weekend to Scottsdale and the surrounding area, please maintain adequate service to prevent negative reviews from fellow patrons.
My BF and I just happened to come here for dinner during restaurant week so I was happy to see the $30 prix fix menu for appetizer, main meal, dessert and sangria or soft drink.We were seated on the patio and I loved the ambiance, the warmth, soft lighting and a guitarist who must have known every singer/songwriter song ever written. OK admit I liked him because he played Dylan and Leonard Cohen among others. I was enjoying the vibe until, as the evening grew darker, I realized we could not see our food, like, at all. A single small candle was not adequate to light our table. That really is my only complaint and I think it is repairable. It was hard to love on my food when I seriously couldn't tell what was what. So much effort clearly went into making the food, so come on, let's see it.My other comment is the serving sizes. I expected that a menu such as the restaurant week menu might have smaller servings and they definitely could have. Nearly everyone I saw leaving was taking a box with them, as we did. With full size appetizers, we only ate half of our full sized main dishes. BF had to bring his dessert home, although I pressed on to try the chocolate chile torte with the most amazing malt and coconut ice cream. Not seeing it added a kind of different taste dimension which wasn't Unpleasant but it was a bit unusual.I enjoyed all of the food but the big hits for me were the renowned pork pernil and the corn bread casserole thingy...well it's not typical cornbread but very rich and home style with chiles and other unseen bits.Will go back next time I'm in Phoenix but will likely see if we can split a meal, saving room for the excellent desserts. Last, not least, I found the texting reservations very easy and a great idea for those places that may not want to deal with Open Table.
i am begining to think they don't sell anything short of amazing.french pancakes- stellarturkey stacked sandwhich- stellarchoco pudding- beyond stellarthey even have curb side which i love when i swing by during my lunch break.  i just love this place!
One of those chain places that has some expensive landscaping.  It does overlook a man made lake.  A LAKE IN THE DESERT.If you want lakes, move.  The desert is not for you.The food here is nothing special and priced as a five star.  It's seafood for people with too much money and not enough taste.
I have not left a dining establishment as upset as I was when I left Pearl. The experience I had as absolutely horrible. I am not one to make a big deal about nothing and I, more often than not, give people the benefit of the doubt, but I can honestly say I was shocked and EXTREMELY furious after my visit. I bought a localdines certificate to go to Pearl and have been dying to try the place out. They have a great menu and it is in a fun location. The terms on the localdine clearly state that it is ONLY VALID MON-THURS. We went on Tuesday at 7pm, sat down,  I pulled out the coupon and was promptly told by the bartender "we dont accept those on tuesdays" then he walked off. Let me also clarify that while it was 7pm it was not crowded or busy. There was NO ONE else sitting at the bar with us. I waited for him to come back so I could show him that it clearly says on there that it is Valid ONLY MON-THURS. He then notified me that it was in fact NOT valid on Tues or Thurs because they have specials. I explained to him that we drove more than 30 minutes to get there and we could order off the main menu and not get any of the specials if that would be ok....He said it was out of his hands and he couldnt do anything and walked off. A female server chimed in that "there's nothing we can do to help you, its just how it is" then she also just walked away. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? Not a SINGLE person was willing to talk to us and explain things or give us 2 minutes of their time. The customer service was absolutely ridiculous. I have NEVER been treated so rudely in a situation that I clearly had a right for clarification. Today 10/5/2011 I see that Localdines is featuring Pearl with the SAME coupon that clearly states VALID ONLY MON-THURS. Needless to say, I am making it a point to write a very appropriately rude review about this place. The menu looks amazing, many people have written reviews about the great food....I however, never had a chance to try the food because I couldnt get past the servers who made us feel like we weren't worth their time. Save yourself the snotty Scottsdale attitude and go to Ra, Stingray, Sapporo or Sushi Brokers....they will not only serve you good sushi, they will also be polite.
Everything about this winebar makes me happy. The former postal location with it's huge windows and open space.It's "just off the beaten path" feel-- just a couple streets away from the main streets Camelback and Indian School, yet feels so far away. The fact that it's in Milano's mega-plaza next to LGO and other great places...it just all works for me. The wine is mostly good, although the selections could use a little more of an updating, but the prices are definitely right. Come before 5pm and all glasses of wine are only $5. Boyfriend and I have spent countless of lazy weekends lazing around this place with wine and their wonderful, orgasmic, bruschetta. The service is good and the people are friendly. The sandwiches are okay, but don't stand a chance next to the bruschetta and I wasn't a fan of the soup at all. Parking can be tough at times, but it's not impossible. Truly, a neighborhood gem not to be missed. Bruschetta favorites: -Prosciutto,fig, and marscapone (which I have successfully replicated at -home!)-Roasted pepper and goat cheese-Smoked salmon, cream cheese, caper-Salami, pesto
I am taking away some stars from my first review.... the food here is still fabulous... but the service is lacking.   I have been here 5-6 times since they have opened and for some reason the last time the service was not that great.   The music was also WAY TOO LOUD!   We asked if it could be turned down just one notch and the response " ha! I can ask, but i seriously doubt it".   My profession is ears and hearing... this place was way too loud to enjoy a conversation and our order was even messed up because the server most likely could not hear due to the loudness!  Yikes!    When all the doors and windows are closed due to the summer heat--- TURN DOWN THE MUSIC  let people enjoy each other.    The food is great... but I fear this business is getting the "people love us so we don't have to care attitude".     I am done with Postino East for a while....
Got a coupon in the mail.... after reading the Yelp reviews I had to try it.MAMMA MIA THIS IS SOME GOOD PIZZA!I'm not ordering pizza from anywhere else again.I'm an expat New Yorker and was very impressed. The crust is perfect! PERFECT. Thin. Chewy. Not soggy. Perfect. What, do they import bottles of NYC water or something? I don't know. They nailed it though.The cheese quality was excellent. The meatballs were home made and delicious. The sausage was great too. They aren't stingy on toppings, either.The coupon included salad. We ordered the Italian salad - your typical iceberg/tomato/red onion salad as you might get in NYC. I wish they added some olives and pepperoncinis, but oh well. They do get bonus points for sending good salad dressing (Ken's Itallian). They also get bonus points for sending red peppers and real parmesan. I'm excited to have finally found a decent place in Central Phoenix to order pizza from. Everywhere else I've tried has been an EPIC FAIL.
The layout of Jackrabbit is similar to the Pussycat lounge.  It is one big room with a stage in front with a bar in front of the stage.  There is a live band that comes on when a dancer comes out.  The dancers movements are wild, erotic, and violent.  There is another bar right when you come in to your right.  a small crowded patio area with several private tables.  The music was pretty good.  Drinks were the usual $8 or whatever they are at a place like this.I guess what is important is whether I would go back or not and I would say that I wouldn't frequent this place unless a bunch of my friends wanted to go there.
One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had! At $2.50 per slice of sashimi, I expected a lot better than a recently defrosted and grainy slice of tuna. Also, do not get the Lobster Roll...it tastes like shrimp tempura that costs $27. The service was also bad. The manager knew we had a large party (we made reservations) and assigned a new waitress to handle the table by herself. We got through half of the meal before getting our beers, and it took 30 min (not exaggerating) to get our bill. Would not go back.
We used to like Chompie's, and don't get me wrong the food is still okay, but this location is getting pretty long in the tooth. We stopped by yesterday on the way home from Mayo Clinic on Shea. My partner had a test scheduled for 12:30 PM and couldn't eat anything before the test. Needless to say by the time he was done at 2:00 he was very hungry and unfortunately didn't feel well after the test. I figured Chompie's would be our best bet. He has always liked their food, especially the soup and that's something we could get quickly. Despite my previous review I've always had mixed feelings about Chompie's. It's always been a little pricey, the service can be spotty, I find the employees to be somewhat negative and condescending but the food is usually good. This visit didn't reinforce any of the positive thoughts I've had about them.The server came by right away and took our drink orders and shortly thereafter took our lunch order. We both ordered Mish Mosh soup, one of our favorites and as expected it came right away and it really hit the spot.The unfortunate thing about this location is that it has become terribly rundown. The carpet in the dining area is filthy, the tabletops are worn out and in general the place smells pretty bad. Not very appetizing. C'mon Chompie'sfor the prices you charge you can afford to take a little of your profits and give this place a makeover!Next time we'll go to the location closer to home at Paradise Valley Mall.
Oh dear sweet Mango Salad! Your mix of fresh flavors refreshes me on a hot Arizona day. This SoCal girl is not used to 109 degree weather. But your air conditioned restaurant kept me cool. Although a tostada shell filled with lettuce, corn salsa, black beans, mango and guacamole sounds like a weird combination, I would eat you all over again! http://bit.ly/NXExhIYessss :D
Oh. My. God. Holy crap this was wonderful! Better than I expected by a million. The BF and I shared a salted caramel and it was perfect! The salty and the sweet together were an amazing combo and the texture was wonderful. It was even refreshing on a hot day... which I didn't think it would be. I want this again... like right now.
There's something just not right. For those Midwesterners very familiar with Culver's, well, I would rate this sub-par. It's still Culver's nonetheless and their fries are pretty much what I'm used to from back home, but I've been disappointed in the Butter Burger's the 2x I had been here. The taste just seems wrong, the patties over-cooked (maybe left under the heat lamp too long) and they got my order wrong both times. Eeek.
They use the same SKU number for several different products.  It's moronic that they would do this, because it means that something that is listed as "in stock" is actually a different product, thereby wasting your time on a trip to this store.  This was the 2nd location in the valley, and they're not doing a good job of holding up to Total Wine down the street.  They adjusted some of their prices after this, but it's rough going for them.Nice corner location and the shop is relatively clean, though lines can be too long at times.
Scottsdale needed this. I went here for happy hour on Friday night and absolutely loved it.  I was close on the heels of Cyrus M., who had left just before I pulled up. He insisted that I have the bartender make me a Manhattan, the best he claimed to have ever imbibed. I listened, and Cyrus was 100% right.  One of the bartenders also demonstrated his technique by executing a perfect Sazerac. I have to admit, I wouldn't know if it was less than perfect because there isn't another bartender in the Phoenix metro area (that I'm aware of) who would brave the task of creating such a masterpiece. At any rate, it was delicious. These guys know what they're doing. At the same time, I haven't met a more friendly, less pretentious group of bartenders in that area in a very long time, if ever.  Unfortunately, I wasn't there long enough to eat, which is why I will be returning next weekend. And I can't wait. The decor is unique and interesting. The lounge is just dark enough to be mysterious, but without being annoying. The furniture is ornate and definitely reminiscent of the bygone "speakeasy" era, complete with an entire room accessed only through a bookshelf.  It's been a while since something this distinctive has graced the Scottsdale scene. I found my new favorite bar.
Located in the Super Target shopping Center.HUGE portions!!!!!Love the Bento Box Lunch, which is like $8.25 and is a lot of food too. It includes: the selected entree, plus white rice, 3pc. Gyoza, California Rolls, Miso Soup, and Salad. It's really good too.Good food, friendly & attentive service, clean restrooms, and good location.Like someone else mentioned, I was not too crazy about the LOUD heavy metal music playing. I would had expected some softer Japanese music or soothing soundscapes, like you hear playing at spas. I felt like I was at a Night Club...oh well.I would eat here again for sure! I LOVE this place!
Your fake boobs do not make up for shitty service "sweetie." Now that's out the way, I'll try not to let it distract me from writing a subjective review. We went during around 5ish, the hipster dinner rush. It was packed, but it shouldn't take 10 minutes to take our drink order and by the time our waitress got around to us, we eagerly gave her our food order. It should be noted that during our wait, the satellite radio antennae was misaligned or something and the music feed was more broken than Cleveland Cavalier fans at the moment. It was pretty annoying. We felt like we were on Mars because no one else seem to notice. Eventually, (20 or so minutes) someone shut it off altogether. Thanks! I had the Peppercorn Burger with regular fries.  Yum.  I liked how my hands smelled...sort of like I had cooked a burger over a campfire.  I ordered my burger medium rare and it arrived as ordered, this makes me happy.  The meat was juicy so props to the great sear job by the cook.  So many places screw this up.  The toppings, I'm not sure if the watercress really adds anything other than color and the onion strings, well I guess it's an appearance thing or perhaps texture? Forgettable. The fries were ok.  Herb fries translated into minuscule specks of green stuff stuck to the fries with no taste.  They were a little greasy, but I like my fries that way.  My companions ordered the All Nighter breakfast sandwich and the chicken sandwich.  No complaints. Ok, back to our waitress with the big fake rack that expects big tips...I was still eating my burger when she decided to give her dessert plug. Really? You couldn't of waited 5 more minutes??? After I inhaled the rest of my burger, we asked her to split the check. She was visibly put off by it and had an attitude about it until we left. Shit happens, get over yourself. Unfortunately it carries over to the overall review of the place. Liked the burger, hated the service. So it looks like most of this review was more about the service. What can I say? It got in the way of the most important thing, the food.
I was very disappointed in the Fry's at 18420 North 19th Ave today while shopping. I ALWAYS go to this Fry's to get my groceries and NEVER have had problems like I had today. I went with my mother to help her get her groceries, well it is a good thing I did. While waiting in line,we noticed there was only two checkers that were open. There had to have been at least 10 people behind us in both lines. These people did not have small loads of groceries either, they were big. This poor guy behind my Mom had a small load and she let him go in front of her. She was being nice. Well they finally did open another line and a women just pushed her way in front of my Mom. I said to my Mom, how rude, the lady was out of ear shot. At any rate, when we got up to the checker, the lady who was bagging groceries just up and left, knowing full well how much groceries my mother had. The lady who was the checker could certainly not leave her post and go get someone to bag groceries. The lady who was the checker was doing her JOB. It was not her fault. So another checker was paging and paging for extra baggers and checkers. No one was listening to her page. Nobody came to help. There were other baggers on either side of us as well. Ultimately, I ended up bagging most of the groceries myself (of course my mother helped). My mother cannot lift heavy bags any more because of her heart so it is NICE when someone HELPS her bag them. I was very upset and disappointed today with the lack of customer service at Fry's. I have worked in retail before and have never treated anyone with that much disrespect in my life.
Get ready for the best experience!  Food was Delish!!  LEFTOVERS EVEN BETTER!  Love it!The best customer service I've ever dealt with.  Thank you!  I forgot the lady's name, but she was so sweet, helpful, funny and very positive.  Love her hooped ears!!  The guy cooking our order, well he was nice and super fast.  Great job guys!  You make a great team!  Everything made to order.  Fresh ingredients, the meat, the cheese, the peppers from Chicago, OH YEAH!  I also noticed that they are always cleaning the grill, which is a huge deal for good quality food.  I highly appreciate that!I had the Italian meat sandwich with mushrooms, grilled onions, provolone cheese, and peppers from Chicago.  It comes on a sub drenched in sauce.  Mmmm yummy  My husband had the bacon burger with everything on it.  He enjoyed it, and said he wanted another one.  Special sauce awesome with the fries.Go now!  Yes, I meant right NOW!
Great food!  Tried the mufaletta sandwich with ass'd italian cold cuts and an olive tapenade.  Like everything else, it was freshly made and made with care.  I generally don't like sandwiches much, but this one hit the spot.  Half of it filled me up so they wrapped the rest to take home, but the other half didn't even last until dinner. I couldn't imagine what they could do to make things better there...maybe start serving breakfast?I have, however, come to the conclusion that the folks that work there are pure evil disguised in aprons.  How else could you explain the way they ever so sweetly point out the most delectable treats to tempt you?  "Have you seen how big our rice krispie treats are?"  "There's a pound of fruit in our cobblers if you want your kids to eat more fruit"  Oh, I'm on to you!
This little place is really creepy looking, but really good. I come here often with my dad, as it is close to his work. I always get, i believe, the number 8 -chili relleno, taco, and enchilada with rice. It is always really good.... Also their chips, salsa, and guac are great. The place is never too busy *see the store front for why* but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Also, it is relatively inexpensive, especially for the size of the entrees. I would definitely go to this place all the time if I lived a little closer.
Ok so I got a salt bagel and cream cheese. The salt bagel was wayyy too salty ..I know I know its a salt bagel, but seriously it was beyond salty and I couldnt brush some of it off. Which I generally can it was like baked in or something. It was pretty good but the texture was not that of a bagel it was more like a kaiser roll shaped like a bagel. For over 3 bucks for a bagel (retarded) I think it should be like the best bagel that ever happened. I'd give it another shot because it is better than Chompies and other places Ive been but I will not have another salt bagel. I also did not check the ingredients for trans fat or shortening so that is really ruining my life right now. I will update once I find out exactly how homemade these puppies are. and then learn to live life knowing I didnt look first like I always do. but we will see.More like 2 and a half stars but im rounding up today :)
I struggled with this review, because there are several very different aspects to Chris Bianco's Italian Restaurant...Taste - Fantastic. You could drink the tomato sauce and be happy. It is some amazingly tasty stuff, and not a bite went back to the kitchen. Most of it was because of the taste, but even our really bland apple tart was entirely eaten because the...Portions - Really small. This was part of why no bite went uneaten. They definitely favor quality over quantity, and I'm usually the first person to champion that cause. I hate giant restaurant portions. But this was too far the other way.Service - Not bad, when we could get their attention. There are several community tables and sometimes different servers seemed to have different stations at the same table. And as small as the place was, it was oddly difficult to get anyones attention to place our order, get a refill, or anything else.Ambiance - Love the look and feel, from the clean/industrial ceiling to the Bianco art on the wall. It was fun to just look around the place while we waited at our table (which we did a lot of)Cost - The place isn't cheap. You get what you pay for in terms of quality, but I think they are really, really going for the high-end foodie with lots of disposable income. We left not really feeling full in spite of dropping a fairly sizable check on the table. I recommend giving it a try, especially if you are really a fan of fresh flavors. If you're looking for a really amazing overall meal at this price point, I think there are better options around.
As for "fast food" burgers, these are decent.  The BURGERS at least.The fries?  Please.  They are AWFUL.  Let them get cold and they are WORSE THAN AWFUL.Anyone who says these are "the best burgers they have ever had" has just not tried enough good burgers yet.Try Lobby's.  Or Chuckbox.  Or Hillside Spot.  Or Deluxe.  Or Roaring Fork.In-N-Out has decent "fast food" burgers.  But are they the BEST BURGERS ANYWHERE?  Not a chance.
This place is like walking into a carbonated sugary wonderland! I love soda, LOVE LOVE LOVE it! I don't care that it's bad for me, makes me gain weight, and sends me into a super crazy sugar rush, I don't think I'll ever shake the taste I have for that super sweet treat. Even though I stopped drinking it regularly years ago I still can't help myself when it comes to good quality soda (or even crap soda). I love it all. Most importantly, Pop the Soda Shop has an array of every flavor of micro brew soda you could imagine, as well as the major players. There's also quite a few selections made with cane sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup.After asking staff what his recommendation was for great root beer, he helped us by explaining the difference in taste between brands. He knew  everything about their selection and directed us to the best root beer either of us had tasted.
Is this a brewery or a Cocos?? I was so confused walking in to this place. The ambiance is horribly lacking and I could not get it off my mind.  Aside from some Nimbus posters on the wall and a piece of copper brew equipment in the corner (by the fireplace) you would have thunk this was whatever mediocre North Scottsdale restaurant lived here before. The service was very odd - our dear young waiter's only experience with beer is probably from high school parties. My beer-nerd boyfriend tried to talk to him about beer several times and was met with an "uh huh..." and a quick exit each time. This is a brewery! This is where beer-nerds are supposed to go! Oh, he was also brought the wrong beer. And it took for-ev-er to receive drinks/food/check.
I come here on Sundays for $1 drinks. The breakfast menu is okay but the portions are kind of small and not very filling. I started to order off the main menu and I am glad I did because the food here rocks. There is something for everybody here ranging from affordable sandwiches, panini's, and crepes to expensive entree's for those with more expensive taste.
It takes guts to be a steakhouse with a pink exterior, red velvet brocade wallpaper and an entrance through the kitchen. I give them five stars just for having the balls to pull that off -- and for being able to pull it off for nearly 60 years. Yes, this place is a Phoenix landmark. Anything over 20 years is considered a landmark here, so this place is actually ancient by Phoenix standards. Although I've lived in Phoenix my entire 31 (almost 32) years, I never had the pleasure to dine at Durant's until about a year ago.  I came for a work dinner and was pleased to have had a great first experience.My second experience at Durant's was for lunch. And this time, the experience was better than great, it was fantastic! I had the French Dip, which is one of my favorite sandwiches. I've tired them at many different places, and have found a few that were pretty decent.  But that was until I tried Durant's French Dip. Holy Cow!  The meat was so tender it literally melted in my mouth.  And there was plenty of it!  I seriously don't know how I managed to eat what I did.  It didn't look like that much, but man oh man, it was piled on there. And to add to the deliciousness of the French Dip, I got sweet potato fries.  Yowzer!  What a decadent meal. I needed a serious siesta afterward.Both visits to Durant's were true culinary and mouthwatering pleasures. It is a little pricey for an all-the-time spot, but for a special occasion, it is definitely the place to go. Plus, it has got history and panache. And who the hell doesn't like both those things in a restaurant?!
My picky palate is not very adventurous.  That's why this year I resolved to eat more adventurously.  I've done a pretty good job so far, and now I have finally tried Pho/Vietnamese!  I'm really proud of myself!  We were originally going to Maxim, but they were closed so we found another place to try Pho.  It was really cold out, and a bowl of piping hot soup just sounded delightful.We walked in and almost every table was full of Vietnamese couples and families.  There were a few other white people in there, but I took that as a good sign.  They wouldn't eat here if it wasn't good, right?  We found the last empty table and quickly seated ourselves.  Someone walked by and dropped menus off on our table like a ninja and we began reading through the foreign novel.  There were so many things on there, and at least half of them scared the crap out of me!  I stuck with my original intentions and got the Pho with the beef slices along with an order of egg rolls.  My egg rolls came out before the Pho and they were quite delicious.  I have no idea what was in them, but they were full of flavor and meaty goodness.  I gobbled them up pretty quickly.  Then came the Pho.  We got a couple GIANT bowls of steaming soup and a plate of garnish.  Now, keep in mind we had no idea how to really eat this, or what to do with all the stuff.  I just watched everyone else in the restaurant and figured it out that it's all personal preference.  I threw in a handful of bean sprouts, squeezed in some lemon, and squeezed in a spoonful or so of sriracha sauce.  My additions resulted in one delicious bowl of heart warming soup.  I scarfed most of the solid food down and sipped most of what was left of the broth.Now I understand why everyone talks about Pho!  I love the level of customization and it really is the perfect remedy for whatever may ail you.  I can't wait to get some more!
Awesome coffee and vibe :)
Hmmm.PastaBAR struck me as oddly pretentious, filling its wine list with choices unrecognizable to the average person and batting about completely foreign Italian phrases on the menu. I'm not a total wine moron, yet I needed the server to translate for me. The safe-bet Syrah and Cabs were something ridiculous like $18 a glass. Huh? Luckily, the red I went with was perfectly tasty. Vegetarians? You are shit out of luck here. I'm not even certain what a vegan would do. The only really vegetarian items on the menu were two noodles and butter dishes, which sounds as interesting as baby food. The twelve-ingredient streetwalker's pantry dish has anchovies in it, but since its description didn't put me to sleep, I gave it a shot, dead fish and all. The mix of textures with the pasta, sauce, and toasted bread crumbs was good, but the overall flavor simply didn't wow me. And, perhaps I am mistaken, but there were little sweet bits of mystery substance in there also... raisins? That's just Trying Too Hard. My SO got the butter and pepper noodles, which did indeed taste like an entire container of black pepper was dumped in the sauce. Spicy, but really one-dimensional.  He liked it very much, but he tends to choose pure heat over complexity in flavors.The restaurant itself is cute but nothing extraordinary. The server was helpful, but slightly on the used-car-salesman side. Bread and butter, like someone else mentioned, does cost extra. WTF is that? The bread was good, but nothing special. Somehow, I kind of resent the idea of pasta dishes without pricey shrimp or fancy meats being expensive. It's frigging PASTA. I don't care if you make it in house. I just feel ripped off.
I didn't really notice until my girlfriend said something, but it's totally true:  We, being from Southern California, are used to having a burger joint, a greasy hole in the wall, everywhere you go.  If you go to the bank, there might be a little burger stand inside.  When you wash your car, reach your hand through the window and hot wax and grab a beefy little snack.  In Phoenix, not so much.  There ARE burger places, but most often, they're a chain:  In N Out, Five Guys, Smash Burger, Fat Burger, Whataburger, etc.... and while they all vary from being pretty damn good to at least not embarrassing, it's just not the same as going to some little hidden gem, tucked between two buildings.  You have great, gourmet places like Fez, but, like I said, it's not the same.To be honest, it's something that you really start to miss about "home" even though it hasn't been home for you in a long, long time.I've ridden past the Chuck Box quite literally, hundreds of times.  It's right on my way home from work tucked somewhere into my peripheral vision and had been ignored by my brain for YEARS.  It wasn't until my sister recommend we pop in before a movie that I even knew it was there.  I'd seen the sign, but my brain never connected the dots.This place does help to fill that void.  Not 100% but the burgers were really, really good and I love the set-up to actually see your burger get made.  Then you add your own garnishes with their floating island thing.  The price ain't too bad and the decor inside is warm and cozy.In fact, I plan on hitting it up tonight.
right near the heart of the university, it's basically a chevy's plus plus.  i will give them an extra star for the service.  my work colleague said that when i valeted my car they would just "run out to meet me and park it for me"... i didn't know he meant LITERALLY.  they ran like they were in a race, despite the lack of traffic behind me.  go Team Z! the waitresses was likewise also very service oriented.  the outside seating was perfect weather which normally i suspect it isn't because of the cold in the winter and heat in the summer, but i hit it right on the head as far as good weather.  the steak salad was pretty decent.  obviously, we're not looking for gourmet here.  we're looking for a strong showing in the "solid, reliable, good ingredients" and i think it makes the cut there.   the chips were good as well as the really nice corn bread they service complimentary.  my friend's enchilada's look great too.  so it beats chevy's from my perspective.  as far as reliable food with good service near the university, this looks like a very good choice.
My husband and I didn't know where to go eat Monday night, but I'm so glad we stumbled upon this place.  As soon as we walked in, I thought of Texas Roadhouse.  The hostess said we are better than them.  I was skeptical at first, til our server came by and then we got our food.  WOW!  Server Lino was really great and was always laughing and smiling.  Everyone there was very helpful with our first time there.  The manager even came up to ask us how we were doing.  The food was amazing.  The sampler app was really good.  The buffalo chicken tenders were so tender and tasty.  Mmmm  We both had the same thing.  Steak, loaded sweet potato, and mac n cheese.  Everything was amazing.  We went for the meal for two for $14.99, BUT decided on something else.  The bill came out over $50 with tip, but it was worth it.  We ended up there during happy hour and my hubby got a few draft beers for $2.99 each.  It was really romantic.  I highly recommend this place to singles, couples, and families!!
Only 8 calories an ounce?  You'd bet that something that low fat has to be bland/blah/tasteless right?  WRONG. Desert Swirl carries the Only 8 brand of frozen yogurt, the healthiest frozen yogurt in Phoenix. There are 8 flavors to choose from, rotated daily from more than 200 flavors and more than 40 extra toppings, but keep in mind these will add calories.  But at 48 calories for a small you can afford it right?  My favorite is the circus animal cookies. Yum!I'm addicted to the frozen yogurt so I haven't tried anything else, but they offer smoothies, shakes, sundaes and ice cream. Judging by the yogurt I'm sure you can't go wrong.  If you want a satisfying sweet treat that's also healthy give Desert Swirl a try.
For a coffee joint there is a surprisingly large amount of space.  Local art lines the walls (and it's for sale), a few locally made items such as coffee cup cozies are also available.  I was happy to find that along with a gorgeous array of pastries ranging from vegan chocolate torte to chocolate pecan pie, there was also an assortment of breakfast and lunch items.Not only does Urban Beans feature a Sunday Brunch with Omelet bar every Sunday, but there is a wonderful assortment of breakfast items to be enjoyed.   Farm egg sandwiches on toasted english muffins, Market quiche, granola parfait, scones, and even gluten free vegan english muffins.Furthermore, lunch selections boast a fabulous spread of sandwiches such as the turkey, brie, cranberry sandwich with a fabulous mango cranberry chutney and fresh arugula.  For the salad selection I highly recommend the quinoa mediterranean salad with mini tomatoes, persian cucumbers, feta cheese, fresh mint, and their citrus house vinaigrette.A more esoteric selection on the menu is the pear and arugula melt, with fresh pears, arugula, fontina cheese, and a balsamic raspberry reduction.Average price of a sandwhich is about $8, salads and quiches range from $4.50-$7.50.  Melts are about $8-$9.  I have only sampled the Chai latte here, which I thought was beautifully rendered.  Coffee and espresso drinks are abundant here, prices are very reasonable.Great lunch spot, perfect for browsing the internet with their free wi-fi on a lazy sunday.
My hopes for White Chocolate were high, especially upon walking into the place. The decor is very nice, and the staff are attentive  After dining here one word sums it up:  meh.   The waiters do a good job of refilling beverages, but this doesn't make up for the lackluster fare. The spinach dip was so-so (ask for a side of raw veggies to accompany it). Our entrees were the biggest disappointment. When I asked my waiter what was better, the classic chicken salad or the veggie burger, he said the latter. He wasn't convincing.  I asked about the minted green beans, he responded "they're not my favorite, but I eat them all the time."  Okay...points for honesty. the most impressive part of the place is the bar.  It's gorgeous.  I could see myself lounging around here for a couple hours, soaking up the atmosphere, enjoying good company...if only food lived up to this standard.  It was a decent experience, nothing to rave about.  Meh.
Since I myself have only made the trip to New York twice, I cannot be considered an expert on NY-style pizza. But a friend who lived in the Big Apple swears this is the best authentic NY pizza in the area. NY-or-not, all I know is it tastes amazing. The homemade sauce is killer, the toppings fresh and tasty, and the crust thin and chewy. Mmmm. The cheesecake is also wonderful. You will NOT be disappointed!
I have to agree with Patti B. that this location pretty much sucks.  The service is just ok - they are far from friendly.  I've been in  a couple of times to pick up food and I have yet to be impressed.  I wanted to give them another chance tonight and I should not have bothered.  The food is not so good.  I'd rather go to Pita Jungle or Thai Llana any day!  The spring rolls are greasy and room temperature and the tofu is pretty nasty.  I had some kind of udon noodle dish and threw most of it in the garbage.  Use your 'free entree' coupon to save $$ one night, but that's about it... I will not be returning to (this) Pei Wei any time soon...
Have you ever been a vegetarian stuck with meat-eating relatives that don't care if you starve to death?  I have.Those relatives forced me to eat at Joe's Real Barbecue after a long day of "sightseeing" in the East valley.  Does Tempe Town Lake really qualify as sightseeing?? It's not even a real lake!We were all very hungry, and I guess the thought of barbecue trumped any reservations I had about not being able to find anything on the menu I could eat.  Just like I figured, Joe's didn't have any main entree items I could eat.  They did, however, have giant baked potatoes and macaroni and cheese on the menu.  I had ordered those, and enjoyed an amazing root beer (is that stuff homemade or something??) and this perfect brownie for dessert.  Just goes to show that you don't have to eat "real" barbecue to enjoy Joe's.  Check it out!
Fun atmosphere. Definitely a land mark tourist trap. Its one of the oldest stage coach stops still standing. You can still view the original jail house across the street, bars and all. Live music, good appetisers and burgers, average steaks.Great place to have a large gathering r event. Rio Verde Horseman's Association has their annual dinner dance here in the Winter.
I went to this place after reading the reviews on Yelp, but I was very disappointed.  I ordered some pulled port and sausage with some various sides.  The sausage tasted like a hotdog!!! I took it back to the counter thinking they accidentally gave me a hotdog happy meal or something... The pulled pork was average and the collard greens were good, but for 20.28 for one meal, that's just wrong.  Maybe I'm being too critical, but I threw away a little more than half of the food I was served... I've lived in Texas and Georgia and know what good BBQ tastes like, but I wouldn't recommend this at all.
Here's what you can eat at Jasmine Tokyo:1) All kinds of Chinese fast food dishes (chow mein, honey walnut shrimp, crab puffs, etc.... pretty unhealthy unless you skip the cream cheese-y, fried, and mayo-filled dishes. The sweet chili calamari was worth it, though.)2) Mongolian stir fry. There's legitimately a tiny Ghengis Grill-esque section.3) Over a dozen kinds of better-than-anticipated-quality sushi, plus sashimi (not all the rolls were identified, but they were tasty, so who really cares if it was Soylent Green, anyway...)4) Something from the shellfish bar... the crab legs were meaty, but not flavorful... at least they're one step ahead of most buffets.5) A smattering of Japanese delights, such as the surprisingly impressive squid salad, seaweed salad, etc.6) Meat. There's a section with huge cuts of red meat for those who aren't ready to venture into Americanized Asian food, or just need a fat steak to accompany their Gyoza.7) Dessert - a sundae bar with 6 flavors of ice cream, cakes, puddings, custard, jell-o, fruit, cookies, mousse, macaroons, cream puffs, etc. The cookies are awesome, especially a la mode, as is the Chocolate Thunder(thighs) cake with banana.In a nutshell: It's pretty apparent that there are a handful of ways to get your money's worth, but I'd say the best bet is just to try everything, then eat approximately 27 pieces of sashimi and 14 rolls of sushi. Even if you OD on sushi and die of Mercury poisoning, at least you were economical about it, right?
Love this place!After having a few other Ethiopian feasts at other restaurants, Lalibela is the best.  The food is fresh & perfectly seasoned.  TONS of vegetarian options.Can not complain about anything.
Okay...I'm sorry to those whom I may offend by typing the words that are to follow.I didn't think that "the best pizza in the country" was that great.I was super excited to eat here. I've lived in Phoenix for 5 years now and it was the first time that I've really had the opportunity to go. I was warned ahead of time that there is usually a long wait time...but a THREE HOUR WAIT is freakin' ridiculous!  It is nice that the little bar place is next door because it takes your mind off of the wait a little bit...but three hours is just a little much. If I hadn't been there with friends who had driven from Mesa to meet up, there is no way I would have even entertained the thought of sticking around.By the time we actually sat down to eat, I would have chowed down on a piece of cardboard with pepperoni drawn on it in red Sharpie. Yeah, they use "good" ingredients. Yeah, they have this fancy-schmancy wood fired oven. Yeah, yeah, yeah...it was okay. For the wait we had, I expected a lot more...the pizza was average at best.On the other hand, the appetizers we got were off the charts amazing. Prosciutto and asparagus, roasted veggies and bread w/ good EVOO...how can you go wrong, right?Sorry Phoenix, you're pizza gem was a big disappointment. As a pizza lover, I think it was okay...but unfortunately the wait overshadowed the food and I'll never go back.
I've always had a good meal here. I'm not sure what there is to gripe about. I think as a Yelper it's important to focus on the food and overall niche that a restaurant serves to it's community.  If you're looking for a red sauce kind of Italian restaurant (lasagna, meatballs, spaghetti) this is not the place for you.  As a matter of fact, not ALL Italian food consist of red sauce dishes.  My suggestion is to attend La Piccola for lunch as there are a plethora of excellent sandwiches.  While you're doing so, sneek a peek at what a potential dinner might look like.  Take some time and speak with the owner, you'll find he's an educated man and takes great pride in his restaurant and  fresh food.
This is the best coffee shop in the east valley, hands down. We come in every Sunday for breakfast and love the food, the atmosphere and the people. You have to check it out and support local businesses! Forget Starbucks, they're the Walmart of coffee...
I wish there was a way to give zero stars.  Went here with a group of friends and the staff refused to give us an additional chair despite the fact that there were several open chairs throughout the restaurant.  When I finally went to grab an open chair the host literally pulled the chair out from under me.  I have never been treated so bad in my life. Rude staff. Will never go here ever again.
I've been here several times and the food/service is always phenomenal just like all the other Mastro's locations.  However, on my last trip here last week for my father's 69th birthday, I came to a realization.  I realized that this location is geared toward younger, club-going people.  Between the very dim lighting, loudness and type of music playing over the speakers in the main dining area it became clear that this was "Club Mastro's".  I know the music is meant to quicken the pace of your meal and get you the heck out of there so the next group of suckers can sit, but I don't want to spend that type of money on a dining experience if I am rushed; directly or indirectly.  Plus I don't like to yell to others at my table and then strain to hear what they are saying.  Keep in mind was 6:00pm on a Saturday.Anyway, I must say again that the food and service were excellent.  Every bit of food that I put in my mouth from the bread, to the salad, to the steak and sides, to the dessert were all top notch.However, at my old age of 31 I think I'm going to stick to the other regular Mastro's locations and dine with the older folk.
I took a friend and tried this place after reading the reviews here on Yelp. The food here is great!   Started with great chips and salsa, the green tomatillo salsa was especially good. Tried the shrimp tacos and the tacos durados chicken. Both were excellent, They were served with beans, rice, and a small salad. There was plenty of food for both of use, my friend gave me one of her tacos as she could not finish her plate. They have various Mexican beers and Bud Light available and it was served very cold with a frosty glass and a lemon slice. They also have Mexican bottled sodas in real glass bottles. We left stuffed and very happy.  I will definitly be back!!
The Zulu caffe is a new restaurant filling the empty spot in the Scottsdale Airport terminal.  The best part of the new restaurant is the service is spectacular with great food.  The pricing is also quite reasonable.  Stop by for breakfast or lunch and watch the planes arrive and depart.
Not only did I enjoy sitting outside for a lovely ladies business lunch at Frank & Albert's last week, but I enjoyed the best Cobb salad ever!  I'm picky about chicken and this was excellent quality and delicious rotisserie chicken they used.  The combo of the other ingredients (lettuce, tomato, egg, avocado, bacon, and black olives) along with the green goddess dressing was superb.  It was a beautiful presentation too!My dining companions' meals looked amazing as well.  I saw the Biltmore Bistro Burger, the Grilled Fish Tacos, and the B.A.L.T. (their Tuesday Blue Plate Special).  We devoured pretty much everything on the table too...The service was a tad on the slow side but it was also a packed restaurant.  I will have to return for breakfast, dinner, and/or happy hour too as all of their menus look outstanding.  The bar/drinks menu alone has something for everyone with economy friendly prices.  If you have not yet been to the Arizona Biltmore, this new restaurant is reason to go... and since this year marks the Biltmore's 80th Birthday, there is a ton of history in the resort as well.
Ive driven past this place on the freeway about a million times and has always vowed that one day, i will try this place! and out of complete randomness.... it became my Saturday night dinner :) As we park the car, we could already tell this place was packed! we walked in and there were parties waiting to be seated ... lucky for us... we were seated right away... I'm sure we deemed ugly hungry stares for it to... hey its not our fault their are only two of us.... right after we were seated our drink orders were taken by a very welcoming young gentleman. :) and out chips and salsa were brought out promptly too! The Salsa was amazing... and the chips were fresh ... and hot!! that could have been my meal i was so content.... this place has great lighting.... not to bright or too dull... just how i like it. in the middle of the place there was a huge area where they cooked all the food... or at least some of it... it looked like fun.... we shared the beef Fajitas... they were amazing!! grilled on top of bell peppers and onions... red and white... mm served with rice, beans w/cheese, guacamole and a tray of salsa, sour cream and cheese... it was SO good and they brought out your tortillas in a little bowl with a cover to keep them warm.. but they tasted more like pita bread... either way everything was hot and fresh and out in a very timely fashion.. especially since this place was packed... i like this place alot... i would love to come back again and maybe sit near the chefs area :)
Silvermine totally rules. The only complaint I have about their food is that it is almost impossible to decide, when drunk, whether to order a Georgetown or a Caribou. Any place that caters to my inebriated need for a sandwich at 4am is better than any boyfriend I've ever had. A word to the wise: know what you want before you call, and don't let them hang up without getting your card information. I've had some run-ins with the occasional terse phone-operator, and have learned a valuable lesson in trepidation. Really though, can you blame the occasional lapse in service when someone is delivering, to your home, a scrumptious, meat-filled sammy that immediately cures you of your drunken woes? Also, I did not discover this until recently, but OMFG THE BROWNIES. Get one every time, even if you're not 100% sure you want one or like chocolate. Rarely have I derived such intense pleasure from consuming something that rots my innards and makes me tired after 20 minutes. So effing wonderful, these brownies.
Shawizzz......zzzz.....zzzzWhat my expectations of this cute little wine restaurant sounded. At first glance I was excited since Saturday nights are my nights to go Yelping! My Wine Cellar is the first stop. My guest and I sat at the bar.  We ordered a few drinks.... we ordered a few drinks....I said we ORDERED A FEW DRINKS!  Oh there you are! For a minute there I was getting thirsty. Granted big party was "in da house" out back rockin' away, but really I'm sitting at the bar. I can reach over to pour my own drink if that is fine.  We ordered some roasted Brussel Sprouts, Classic Pizza, Fries, and Hummus.  Brussel Sprouts were good, Fries were greasy, Classic Pizza -- well was classic and the Hummus was good minus the rock bread we ate it with.Only thing I dig so far about this place is the ambience.  I love the outdoor patio overlooking the green grass and the band gave it a Jazzy feel.  I think they should invest in more couches, but that's just my opinion. - Enjoy!
i like this little shop. there was only one young lady working the evening we were there, so it took a little while to get our drinks. the coffee was strong and flavorful. my wife loved her hot white princess tea. what else?
Ok, so I guess no matter how many times I have seen one of these restaurants pop up on my searches for breakfast, I have never gone. This time, it was just the best option. So, when we walked right into this cute funky store with all kinds of knick knacks, I was a little surprised. The store and restaurant on the inside look like an old barn with great southern antiques and the like all over. There are lanterns for lights and the place has a neat feel to it.We were seated quickly and the restaurant was quite crowded. We were conveniently seated near some baseball photos and antiques. Our waitress came by quickly to let us know she would be with us in a few minutes and then came to take our drink orders. COFFEE! After a 430 am awakening, it was well needed. The menu had a lot of things on it and the prices were CHEAP. The options were not so creative, but very southern and hearty. We ordered the Old Timer Breakfast and the Mamas Pancake Special. The Old Timer came with 2 eggs, grits, biscuits and gravy, turkey sausage, and fried apples (which the waitress told me are baked with cinnamon and lots of sugar... probably butter too seeing the calories.) The Mamas Pancake dish came with pancakes, which we substituted blueberry pancakes, bacon, and eggs. It seemed like it took about 30 minutes for our breakfast to come. We did get frequent coffee refills, but we were starving and it just plane took forever. Finally, it all came and we dug in. We were just starving and over coffee'd by this point. I was overly enthusiastic about my grits and gobbled them down with a little sweetener. Standard grits, but they were good by me. The apples were good, but nothing to write home about for less than a cup of apples with gooey sauce for 184 calories. I did like my turkey sausage patty, but gave the second one to SG. SG's pancakes were just ok, but it was a nice touch that they offered sugar free syrup as well as blueberry.Overall, it hit the spot because we were hungry. But, if there is a better reviewed location anywhere we are looking for a meal, we will likely go there. This place is just average, but very very CHEAP. My plate was only $6.39 (grits, eggs, apples, sausage, 2 biscuits and gravy). The servings are HUGE for the price. So if you are looking for quantity over quality, this is your place. Nothing too creative, just lots of it.
Okay, a Sonic is a Sonic, right?  Burgers, fries, shakes, etc. That's true here, but I'm sure you knew that going in. What I'm stumping for here is their new Premium Beef Hot Dogs. For fast food hot dogs, these dogs are pretty tasty noms. Seriously.Let's discuss my favorite: The Chicago Dog.  Sure, they offer a New York Dog, a Baja Dog, and a couple others, but the Chicago Dog is totally the one to get.  It has the requisite mustard, relish, tomato, peppers, and pickle spear, but what really makes this thing worth buying is the amazing, soft, delectable poppy-seed bun.  Y. U. M.Yes, I cannot say enough good things about this gluten-laden delight of a hot dog cradle, because it's so UNLIKE the normal fare you'd get at Sonic. Crushed, mushy buns are pretty much accepted across the lines of all burger joints, but when one of those joints gets a lowly hot dog bun nailed PERFECTLY, well, then that's something.  Add to that the decently delicious ingredients (beef dog, condiments), and it's a winner for me.Yes, I know Ted's is kinda the hot dog king around here, but I gotta tell you, this Chicago dog is worth a try.
This is not good Asian food.  The veggie stir fry was terrible.  The rice was deplorable.  The hot and sour soup was very good - a bright spot on the menu.  If I was ever forced to come here again, I would order that.  Otherwise, this is genericized Asia food that is no better than the take out you could get at any mall in any state in the U.S.  And, the service was slow.  Not terrible.  Just kind of absent.
Nice!Cheap, fast, great pizza.  $5 will get you a one topping large, and $9 will snag an extra large.  For the price, you can't beat it.  They'll do pizza right, and deliver it to your door in less than an hour.I would call this more of a delivery or pick-up place than anything else.  They have only a few tables, so I wouldn't recommend this as a sit down pizza joint unless things are slow--they fill up very quickly.  The floors and walls are concrete or brick, the table and chairs are spartan.  Never mind the furnishings or the decor.  It's all about the pizza here.  Service is great.
One day, I was craving something light and healthy, and this place seemed just the ticket. Trying to avoid the Camelback construction, I wended my way through a residential area, and lucked out on a sweet parking spot.I didn't really have the time or desire to eat there, so I grabbed a menu and placed an order to go -- the seared tuna, and some soba noodles. And I waited. And waited. For the record, there is no waiting area, per se. I just stood around by the door, kind of looming over some poor guy's table. I explained to at least 4 different groups, that I was not waiting for a table, and they could go ahead of me. When my food was finally ready, I quickly paid and bolted out the door.In the comfort of my cube, I unwrapped the goods. The tuna looked lovely, a good shade of red, nicely seasoned crust, presented on a bed of greens, with a soy-based sauce on the side. It tasted fantastic as well. The noodles were rather plain, the broth unremarkable, but not bad.I would definitely go back, but would phone in my order first, or dine there.
This place was an absolute blast!  We were staying at the Arizona Grand so we were dropped off and picked up by the shuttle from the resort.  Very Convenient! Walking up there is a Huge Bull who's name is Horney! Fitting as he has two HUGE horns...  hehe. ;) The smell was less than appetizing, but then again it brought me back to the country a bit..  And well that is the theme of this place.  We got over it as we walked in! The Restaurant is decked out Country!  We all enjoyed entering the Restaurant on the slide, YES I enjoyed entering the Restaurant on the slide!  I would have kept going, as all the children were doing, but I was reminded that we were in a restaurant so I acted appropriately (aside from the first slide where I literally shrieked with pleasure!!.) My daughter did suffer a bit of rug burn, but she got over it! So we sat down and ordered our food-  the girls ordered Spaghetti and Macaroni (I did remind them we were in a Country restaurant and they could have BBQ!? But they were in the mood for pasta, ok!) Their portions were very generous! Boyfriend and I shared the dinner for two, which came with a bunch of options.  Ribs, BBQ Chicken, Shrimp, Swordfish, potatoes, cole slaw (served in half a pineapple), beef kabob, etc... you get the picture? It was A LOT of food.  $21.00 per person but it was a LOT of food. Tons of Leftovers!  OH did I mention that we ordered the Rattlesnake App?  We did, it was delish.  They are cooked kind of like pop corn chicken with a chipotle sauce.  And they deliver it with part of the snake bones for "show".  It was good, we would order it again. It was Khaira's bday so they gave us an option of dessert, they serve cotton candy so we stuck with that.  It was a great way to end dinner!  They also had a live band playing, which was great for a week night! It was a very fun experience.Beer in a mason jar, and a fantastic view! The best part was that we happened to show up on kids eat free night- so the girls' meals were FREE!!!  Nice surprise!!   We will be back!
In one word: Yawn.A good friend used to live nearby and has a weak spot for Mexican food.  He gauges overall quality by the salsa, though, and will choose amazing salsa and mediocre food over mediocre salsa and amazing food.Actually, that's a great description of Rosita's: Great salsa, mediocre food.  The cheese they use is strange and it's definitely overpriced for the quality.  They definitely make the mistake of drowning everything in that greasy cheese and the meat is gristley.On the upside, the service has always been exemplary; the staff is friendly and extremely fast.  Rosita's is conveniently located between work and ASU, and sometimes that makes a huge difference when choosing a restaurant.  Still, if I had to eat on that corner, I'd run into Cornish Pasty or Sacks before considering Rosita's.
I was very disappointed with this particular Oregano's location (Scottsdale at Shea). Although the food was very good, the service was lacking. Initially, our waitress was prompt with bringing beverages out. However, after our meal was delivered, our waitress disappeared; we never see her again. We inquire to another waiter, who then lets us know that our waitress had taken a break. Nonetheless, the food was good. My four favorites are the "Italian Gold wings," "Numero One-O," "Bistro Sweet Po's," and French Fries. The Italian Gold wings are chicken wings cooked with a honey mustard BBQ sauce. The Numero One-O is a stuffed pizza with sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, onions, and green onions. The Bistro Sweet Po's are sweet potato fries. And as for the French Fries, they are crispy and ruffled! Oh yes, and DO try the dessert. I recommend the Chocolate Chip dessert, which is essentially a hot pizza cookie -- made entirely of chocolate chip. Prices from about $5 to $9 for appetizers. Pizza prices range from about $14 to $23. There are also lasagnas, pastas, and sandwiches -- all of which are good.
This is a chain restaurant, but they are fanatical about the quality of their food and service.  It's a little pricey at around $20-$25 a plate for a dinner entree but the food is high quality.Let's get our priorities in order:In terms of drinks, I had a vodka tonic (Well vodka there is Smirnoff but they also carry Ketel One) and a Watermelon Margarita.  The vodka tonic was about what you'd expect.  A decent neutral drink with a splash of citrus.  The Watermelon Margarita was a little sweet for my taste but it was definitely an interesting experience and certainly strong enough and big enough.  It's a $9 drink but it comes with a sidecar caraffe that will completely refill the Margarita glass and then some so it's really like 2 margaritas for under five bucks each.Now that that's out of the way let's discuss dessert:I had a bite of the cheesecake which was tasty, but not award winning.    Entrees:I tried the NY strip and a lobster tail, both of which were well prepared though I'm not a huge fan of their spice rub.  It's not bad mind you, I just prefer my steaks either naked or marinated.  The good news is their steaks are never frozen and the quality of the cuts I saw looked pretty high (mine was good).  The lobster tail was good.  I'd say comparable to Red Lobster which is probably about all you can expect for a chain restaurant in the desert.  Besides, I like Red Lobster so that's not intended to be a slight, it's just not the same as living in port towns and having fresh local seafood available which is an entirely different thing.The house garden salad was nothing to write home about, but it wasn't disgusting either.  They rounded up the usual suspects (Iceberg, Carrots, an onion ring, a couple of cucumbers and some cherry tomatoes) and held them for questioning in an average sized bowl.  it was about what you'd expect for a dinner salad at a steak place.The bread was fresh and delicious.  I liked the taste better than that brown stuff they serve at Outback.My baked potato was pretty much what you'd expect from a baked potato. Split down the middle with butter in it.  It was good, but I couldn't finish it as I had too many other competing morsels to contend with.All in all the food was good and my only complaint was that I ate too much.  I would definitely go again.
Nobuo just knocked one outa the park ! Tonight was an open house and food tasting of the new menu at Nobou at the Teeter house. The place is a small historic home renovated and sits just across from Pizzeria Bianco.  The evening was $15 and we sampled everything on the menu. Is was a full house and the food kept coming. The servers passed Asian Hors'd ouvres to our tables. Every bite was succulent with the freshest of the fresh. A piece of salmon wrapped around a very special little almond drizzled with a unique basil sauce. Pork buns that melted. A square of watermelon with cap of goat cheese, refreshing ! I absoulutely loved the tasting and can't wait to go back for dinner ! This cuisine if something out of the ordinary and very SPECIAL ! This is fine dining in a cool hip place !
C   -Crust is amazing! Perfect amount of crisp and fluffiness.  I    -Interesting location. It is in a house, on the corner, close to downtownB   -Bruschetta! Grape tomatoes and basil, Cannetini beans, Prosciutto and mozzarella.O   -OMG, is there really 4 cheese on that pizza!?!Loved it, great place for a date. The night I went there was a really nice band playing for us out on the patio.
The first thing you notice about Sapna Cafe are the windows pouring natural light into this neat, white space. (For shape, think of the Flatiron Building in New York on a tiny, tiny scale.)  The windows are covered with thin 15-foot mix-and-match drapes tied to reveal Grand and 13th Ave. views.  The vaguely triangular dining room gives way to a door frame through which you find the blackboard menu and register, where you order.I took two friends on Saturday during Art Detour for a late lunch and the place was about half-full with the owner and one other person working.There are two daily specials, and I had the Garbanzos and Eggplant in a Coconut Milk Curry, which came with brown rice, baguette pieces, and a side salad of field greens modestly but flavorfully dressed, all for $6.50.  The curry was rich, warm, and filling, and the firmness of the garbanzos went well with the butter-soft eggplant.  A great lunch for the price.My friend Katie had the messy but delicious tabbouleh and chipotle hummus wrap, and my friend Kelly had a large salad with cranberries, almonds, goat cheese, and manchego.  It was dressed with balsamic vinegar only (no oil?), so the flavor was mostly sweet and tangy.The drinks, we agreed, were on the subpar side.  The orangeade was inventive and attractive on the menu, but was mostly diluted and unsatisfying for $3.Sapna's seems to be sorting out the ordering, serving, clean-up system, not to mention operating the register.  Ringing up sales took about 3-5 minutes per patron, and you pay at the end.  The half-eaten and abandoned sandwich at the adjacent table remained for our entire hour lunch.Nevertheless, I am so grateful for fresh, interesting food on Grand Ave., and I'm confident Sapna Cafe will work out the service issues.I will return.
I don't care if this place is known as the "McDonalds" of the Vietnamese sandwich world.  So long as they can serve me an awesome sandwich under $3, then they're okay in my book.  So quit crying about "ow the hard bread cuts the roof of my mouth."  If you want a wuss sandwich, then go down the street to Subway.
Lucky lucky me! And it's nice to have some of my Karma coming back to me! I decided to try out the Longhorn Steakhouse Saturday night.  I thought it was a new location of a different restaurant of a similar name on Southern that had closed, but when I got there I discovered this was a brand new restaurant that hadn't even opened yet. The parking lot was full but when I got the to the front door I was told by the two people holding menus that this was a training night and not open to the public. I made a joke that it was too bad I couldn't be a trainee for the evening and went to leave when  they asked, Is it just you? and I said Yup, just me, so they handed me a menu and said you can go on in and sit in the bar area. The meal will be complimentary and we hope you enjoy your dinner. After I picked my jaw up off the floor I walked in and was seated at the bar by a very nice hostess and an even nicer bartender named Jen came up to me and started explaining that I could order any meal on the menu, that it included either an appetizer or dessert, my choice, and she started describing the drinks to me. I thought the folks in front said drinks were included but I did get charged for the Margarita at the end, but that was okay because it was delicious and what was in the shaker filled the class twice so it was well worth it. I looked over the menu and couldn't believe what I was seeing. So many good choices! I asked if the combinations were included and she said yes, anything on the menu. I was thinking about getting the prime rib but she said they had run out of that because they only made a certain amount and the training had been going on all dayStill not believing my good luck I ordered the Filet and Lobster dinner, which would have been $26.99 any other night. The dinner came with a choice of dinner salad or Caesar, and I chose Caesar, a choice of side dishes and I chose fresh vegetables, and honey wheat bread with butter. The bread was fantastic, the Caesar salad was crisp and fresh.  The steak arrived before the lobster, one of the glitches they were working out in training. I took a bite of the steak which was melt in your mouth tender. I held off on eating more so I could include the lobster in my photo.  See my pictures. The filet had a wonderful grilled flavor and was cooked just right, medium rare. It did have a grisly  place on one side.  The lobster was very moist and juicy with excellent flavor and I savored every bite of both. The vegetables might have been a little overcooked, at least for my taste.  I would've expected them to be a little crisper, but they had good flavor.  I ate all the lobster but had a little piece of steak left over and decided to take my dessert in a to-go box to eat later.   I finished up my Margarita, had a nice conversation with Jen, and even the manager, Anthony, came over to ask if everything was fine.  From him I learned this is the first Longhorn location in Arizona, although they have others that will open soon in the Phoenix area.   San Diego, where I live, is SOL for the time being.   Our loss.Oh, and the Key Lime Pie, which I ate later, was one of the best I ever tasted!Aside from being complimentary, I would have gladly paid the price for this wonderful meal. I hereby give this restaurant the Mother Yelper stamp of approval and hope to get back here soon.  Bon Appetit!Epilogue:  I went back on the official opening day, Tues, Dec. 11th, for lunch, and one other time before I left town.  The food was just as good both times.
I have no idea what most people want when they go to farmers markets.I came here on a Wednesday night with my mom, a dude from Canada, and a dude from Paris, France. All 3 of them, plus me, loved it. Live music was playing in the background. I got some fresh-made pasta for my deprived kitchen. Mom bought the sweetest carrots I've tasted in the decades since my family used to grow our own carrots in our Canadian backyard. We looked at jewelry and other locally made knick knacks. People were just milling around, which is an experience that's hard to come by in the Valley. So, while I'm no farmers market expert, I can't think of a reason to deprive the experience of even a single star.
I made it to FEZ on sat night. I thought it would be packed on sat night but there was no wait and lots of seats available.  I realy like the decor. They have a patio and this is were we sat. I really like restaurants with patios. That night it was overcast and raining a little so I was very happy sitting outside. Our server was very nice and very honest with all the questions I had about the menue. So on to the food. I ended up getting a burger. It did not come out med like I asked but the flavor was there and it really was delicious. I like how light the ciabatta roll was. I dont care for ciabatta bread to much cause its so dence  and just to much bread when using it for a sandwich or burger but this ciabatta was good and light. Also the mustard they put on it was freakin awesome. Spicy and delicious. I think the mustard played a big part in why I liked the burger so much. If it was cooked to med and not well I would have enjoyed it even more. My girlfriend ordered the apricot salmon. She liked it alot but the kuskus that came with it was no good, tasteless and just not good. Sorry it just wasnt, but the veggies were great. The apricot glaze on the salmon was great. I did try it but I,m so not a salmon fan at all cause its just to fishy  for me unless its smoked but this glaze helped that out and it would be really good on pork. Anyway overall great atmosphere and food was good for the most part. The burger was $10.95 and another $2 for fries. Good burger but I always have a hard time spending $12.95 for a burger and fries but it was good. The bar has a menu of its own. This is cool but I really wanted the pepper poppers and you cant get them unless you are at the bar. I really freakin hate that. If you are a restaurant and you serve something that I want but I cant get it because I'm not sitting in the bar I'm already unhappy. I love stuffed peepers and I had already ordered $50 in food and drink but I cant get peppers. What the f--k ever man. Not cool. There was only 4 people at the bar so If I were manager I would make that avalable for everyone who asked about it just to get some sales while they were slow.. I guess cause I wanted to enjoy the great weather we were finnaly getting in phoenix and sit on the patio I had to miss out on the app I came here for.  I might be back for a burger but not sure how soon. I was really wanting to meet Thomas but he was in a conversation when I walked in and I did not see him when I was leaving.  Untill next time Thomas
I usually like to start off my reviews with the positive, so here it goes. Value is definitely the highlight of this place as there's some really good deals on select days. I think it's 2.99 burritos on Mondays, free churros on Tuesdays, and kids eat free on Sundays? I'm sure there are other daily specials, but I can't remember all of them. They also have a good salsa bar with pico, onions, cilantro, peppers, and a few different types of salsa (depending on the hotness level). Food was like okay. i wouldn't salivate or dream about it or anything. Now to the part that kind of made me cringe:sanitation.  I went to bathroom and they ran out of soap! Actually, they didn't even have a soap cartridge inside the dispenser. Also, the hygiene of ppl serving food was a little bit questionable. Example: the dude put on gloves (good), but then with the same gloves he touched the food, bills, and the cash register without changing them once. Now that is just disgusting. Let me say this before people think I'm being too harsh. I've had street food in Mexico, Vietnam, Korea, Phillippines, and Indonesia. If you ever had street food in those countries, then you know damn well you may be risking some unfavorable bowel movements later. I'm not being picky, but I just don't want to get food poisoning and throw up for a good 2 days straight. That is all.
I had waited to write a review for Bianco because it had been so long since I had been last, I felt I needed a refresher course. Last night I got one. I took a date there and we were quoted an hour forty-five to two hours and 15 minutes. Seemed liked a lot for a Thursday night, but was planning on waiting. I thought the stars were totally aligned though when I was able to find a spot in their tiny parking lot. I guess it can't all be perfect. So we ventured over to Bar Bianco (review to follow) for a few drinks to pass the time. We were pleasantly surprised that in about an hour and a half they were ready for us next door. We took the first available seating which was up at the bar. I have to say I forgot just how small this place is. The bar is nice, but we were both wishing the top of it came out a little more. It was a little awkward trying to sit on the stools straight. It does however make it more conducive to talking, almost like a table. The atmosphere was great and we even had a short conversation with a few of the other bar inhabitants. The bartender/server was very attentive and greeted us right away. Took our drink order and he poured them right then and there. We decided to go with a Sonny Boy and the Biancoverde. Within 10 minutes, I think, they were both out and done to perfection. The salami on the Sonny Boy got nice a crispy on the edges and the olives were nice and salty. I was also pleasantly surprised by the Biancoverde. It is a white pizza with ricotta and arugula. It was nice and creamy. We ate all but two pieces and left feeling satisfied. This is a great date place and I credit Z for suggesting it. If someone has never been downtown before take them here if you can get a table. It will surely impress them.
Big fan of this chain. Love the chicken artichoke dish and the voodoo tuna. Recently discovered brunch, I got the quesadilla with tomatillo sauce and it was delicious. My man got the french toast, big, fluffy and tasted like candy. Now the best part: $3 your choice of vodka and a MAKE YOUR OWN BLOODY MARY BAR!!! Whoohoo! They have everything you can possibly imagine, including 4 different mixes to choose from.
I saw someone review Quiktrip recently and I'm like "What a loser." Who would review Quiktrip? A life? Better things to do? No? Then my friend lost her job. I told her I'd buy her a drink. I'm very gesturally oriented. It's not the thought that counts. If the thoughts counted, I'd have given the biz to 13,000 women by now. It's the gesture. Especially if it could lead to a knob polishment for yours truly. So we were driving by QT and I knew I could get off way cheaper here than Durants. So I'm like, "Whatever your heart desires, fellow loser who can't hold a job." But while waiting for her to pick herself up off the floor (she slipped in her own salty tears), I noticed some incredible things. Penis-sized cheese tacquitos! My penis-sized mozzarella sticks. Significantly smaller and not quite as good but nevertheless satisfying to the undiscerning. It was clean. It was dangerous. Some guy had to tell another guy in the parking lot "I'm not going to hit you." in order to approach. And my friend paid because I "forgot my wallet" in the car.
Just when it looked like a normal parking lot I drove back and found a plethora of open parking spots... but then they all said reserved for such and such business (not Oreganos).  They managed to do it again - find a location with inadequate parking, except this one's in mesa.  Restaurant size was better than the others, but it is plagued with Millennial college kids from across the street.  Food & menu are no different than the other locations as far as I can tell, and thankfully I was in and out rather quickly with my 2 slices and Hefe-Weizen.  Service was a little slow which is frustrating when you're at the bar and you see the bartender having personal conversations with other staff.
Not impressed. Overpriced, loud environment.I went here for a birthday party for around 15 people. It was so loud that I could only talk to the people next to me. It took forever to get the food. I went here about 4 months ago. From what I remember, the sushi was not bad, but not memorable either.
Ok, I may have been extra crabby today, but I'm sick and tired of the particular rules and regulations at La Piazza al Forna. They must think their poo does not stink after being on DDD... here are some annoying regulations: - They will not sit you until you entire table is presented. This is understandable if its crowded, but when no one is there? - They will no longer split checks. I was there today and a party of 8 sat down. They almost got up and left because they were told of this policy. Maybe its because last time I was there dining and we split the check, my friend was charged double...hmmmm... not good at splitting checks? - They will not allow take out. I called once to pick up a pizza and they said no because they make only a certain amount pizzas for their dining-in crowd. I said, " wonder if I come in and eat one slice and take the rest home?" No answer. - You can call to make reservations, but they only hold them for 10 minutes after your reserved time (10 minutes is a little harsh!) THE FOOD: Decent. That's why I go back at times. The pizza and pasta are very good. The calzone is good, but the cheese and goodies are only in the center and alot of crust at the ends. The salads are just ok. The calamari is ok. It's a little chewy. The cannolis are just ok as well. The filling had a lot of cinnamon and the shell was too thick today. I go to have great pizza and that's about it.
3.5 starsRemember when Hot Pockets were the best invention EVER? Well now there's a restaurant that is totally dedicated to a fancy hot pocket filled with tasty treats! Yup, Cornish Pasty Co!After promising myself that I would try this place for way too long, I decided to go with a co-worker for my first visit. For my first trip to CPC, I chose the Tikka Masala pasty. It was pretty good! I guess I was hoping for a serving of spicy, somewhat creamy, and savory tikka masala served in a hot pocket. What I got was a good hot pocket full of chicken and some sauce. Not nearly has juicy and spicy as I had imagined it would be, but still good. I chose the peanut butter and jelly pasty for a dessert to take home with me. When I got home and baked it, I took a bite and it was peanut butter and apple jelly? I was confused. It was ok.On my second trip to CPC, I had the cheeseburger pasty. That was pretty darn good! The meat was juicy and a little grease was dripping out of the pocket, which meant that it was nice and juicy! Whenever I am tempted by a hot pocket, I make sure that I head to CPC for a well made, tasty, more sophisticated version!
Me and my friend Veronica happened to stumble upon this darling marketplace and cafe while shopping around Phoenix today!  I'm always excited to find a grocery store that carries an array of health-conscious items!  We discovered that Luci's had many gluten-free/organic options that I normally can't find anywhere else!  Loved all the openness in the cafe area, the entire atmosphere was very warm and inviting.  I could definitely sit there a few hours and get all cozy with a warm 'cup of joe' and my laptop.  Also liked that the cafe contained stevia sweetener packets and agave nectar--that's a really awesome and rare find!  The barista made me feel extra special when he asked if I wanted some of their homemade whipped cream!!!  I couldn't refuse when he explained it was made from agave nectar, vanilla bean, and espresso--and I must say it was totally YUM!  V kept dipping her stir stick in my doppio for more!  Veronica made a good point today when she expressed how neat it is that more and more people are leaning towards a better way of eating--I couldn't help but agree!  And great to have a store like Luci's to inspire a healthier lifestyle!
This place is on the list.You know, that list you keep of places you plan on coming back to, again and again? It might be purely mental or physical, but when someone within earshot says "i'm in the mood for a Reuben" that list springs into action.Scott's Generations is at the top of that list, for sure.I've never ever had sandwiches, nay sammiches, quite like this. But, being from California I've never had the pleasure of an authentic Jewish Delicatessen either. Our table ordered a half-and-half Reuben, a jumbo philly cheese steak, and my order, the James Cagney: a beef brisket sammich on an onion roll with coleslaw and some amazing chunky fries on the side.My mouth is watering purely from the memory... My friends and I each kept half of our respective orders, but cut the other halves in two so that everyone could get a taste of everything. The cheese steak wasn't bad, but I've had better. My brisket was GLORIOUS, and I savored every bite. I even got up to grab some mustard for accompaniment but it went unused since it was so perfect and juicy. I have to say though, that the quarter piece of the Reuben I tried was definitely my favorite thing on the table. AH! IT WAS SO GOOD!Not only can Scott's build a perfect sammich, they back it up with stellar service and great attitudes. It was a little pricey, but I also felt that for the price you got a TON of food! I'll be back soon. and again. and again and again, with friends.
I've been a fan of U.S. Egg for a while.  We usually come here every time we're in the Pheonix area just for their awesome breakfast.  They have an extensive menu with all the basic breakfast stuff, but they're known for their skillets and also their amazing protein pancakes that are an healthier alternative.  They have good options if you don't want to pig out and their food over all is really good.The wait on the weekends is ridiculous, but nice touch offering free coffee for those waiting to be seated.  We had a fairly large group and the service was rather poor.  Honestly, I expected a lot more in terms of service.  It's not like they didn't know Saturday mornings get busy.  They need to hire more people.  The service was so non-existent at times where we had to get up and find them to get certain things like place settings, refills, etc.  It was rather annoying.  At one point our service explained to us they were waiting for clean cups so they could pour our juice.  Really?  You're an established restaurant and you don't have enough cups for your patrons?  Note to U.S. Egg owner.  I've made a shopping list for you:- Hire more people for the weekends.- Don't be cheap.  Buy more cups.
Simply the best. I'm pretty much in love with this tiny, hole in the wall Vietnamese stop.  In a small strip mall near ASU West, not many other Vietnamese places can compare in my opinion. For those of you who love Cyclo, I'm convinced it's b/c of Cyclo's cute interior vibe. It shocks me they consistently win so many Valley awards. Pho Avina is 100 times better, 50% cheaper, and has about 10 more offerings of pho than Cyclo....among many other things.Ok enough of comparing...I would highly recommend one of their Banh mi (traditional Vietnamese sandwich). They have the specialty bread delivered daily from a local bakery, so these disappear FAST! The yummy pate is truly what makes this delish. Being from WA, these sandwiches usually aren't hard to find, but I've noticed in AZ it's a lot trickier to locate em.The best pho ever, consisting of a large portion. Pho Avina also has great appetizers...I haven't had too many of the entrees b/c usually when I go, I'm craving pho. Lastly, they have a good selection of Boba (tapioca) flavors (I personally prefer mango) and desserts....oh and don't forget the Thai Iced Tea...a must here!Friendly friendly service, everytime we go we are greeted by the owner, who couldn't get any cuter....Please try!http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dining/articles/0613phoavina.html
I give this place a 3.5. I went here a bit ago for reverse happy hour. I had gone to RA on Mill Ave once, a looong time ago. I remember thinking it was good before, but I think it's just cause I was not so widely exposed to sushi and plus, the ambience - being on Mill, with friends, during college, and the beginning of a night out - was what made it fun. So, going to this location was all right. The sushi was decent, nothing too special. I did however enjoy the drinks. They had the ingredients available to make my drink, a Geisha Flower. And surprisingly, other sushi joints don't have some ingredients so that's what made, hence the 3.5 and not just a 3.
From reading these previous reviews, I chose Bar Smith as the rendezvous place for my birthday.  I had never been there and I live downtown...so I wanted something close and cool.  This place looks great from the outside too.  Turns out that the experience sucked.  They list their hours online for Saturday as open 4pm-2am.  I told my party to show up at 8pm.  When we got there, they were not open and they told us that they wouldn't be open for "a while".  They acted like we were idiots for showing up.  It really pissed me off.  Thankfully they let me put a sign on the door directing my party next door where we waited at another lame bar.  When most of my party showed up, we bolted for Bikini Lounge.  What a bad start for a b-day night.  Two thumbs down for Bar Schmutz!
Utterly superb customer service!There must be at least 47 employees buzzing around like bees.  I was startled by an offer to "help you right here sir!" only seconds after entering the front door, before my eyes had even adjusted to the change in light.Awesome menu offerings and wide selection of choices.+ Fresh not frozen burgers with lots of customization available. + Tasty desserts =Great American Fast Food
Came in for a coffee mug tree, but walked out w/ salad plates and bowls (selected items were 20% if I bought four or more!), and beautifully-delicate champagne flutes and Burgundy wine glasses (two each, and German-crafted).  A few days later, Mom and I went back to exchange defective bowl and plate, and we walked out w/ a set of espresso mugs and saucers and a vegetable/fruit peeler.  The register line tends to get long, because a specific clerk, while very friendly and accommodating w/ answering questions, forgets to ask her fellow teammates for assistance.  Kindly ask if it's possible to open up other registers and someone will assist!
I wanted to put Sonic on the fast food plateau that I find In N Out to be. Certainly Burger Puke and McVomit know where they are on the chain of chains. And I love the car hop style allowing you to peruse the menu and hit the red button when you're ready while enjoying some Depeche Mode or Pet Shop Boys. The chili dog is sad. No snap. Just a sad soggy ass dog in a sad soggy ass bun. The burgers are OK. One up from the King and Ronald but well below In N Out. Tater tots. That's what I like here. Mmmm... But the onion rings. NO. It's like they added vanilla to the batter and they end up tasting like Febreze Rings. Gross. But the beverages are top notch. Strawberry Limeade always hits the spot. I don't crave 'em like I do my In N Out burgers, but when I wanna feel like Ralph Malph or Potsie at the car hop with Richie and The Fonz, I pull my wheels in to Sonic.
Best Pizza in town! Great atmosphere and speciality authentic Italian fare. From the illy coffee to the biscotti. Bellisimo!
I love Paradise Bakeries everywhere else, except for this one. We stopped by for breakfast during the holiday season. The muffins were dry and tasted worse than the ones they give you on the flight, the tea was yuck and the croissant did not look or taste fresh. Have had better. Will not be getting my future breakfast fixes here before a trip from Sky Harbor.
I don't think Capital Grille is all that...For the prices, you expect the BEST service, quality, atmosphere, etc.  And the handful of meals I've had at Capital Grille have been fine, but not worth the $$.  Most recently, 4 of us went to celebrate our friend Jack's birthday.  I was impressed to see that they had graffiti on the table and a card for the birthday boy, but I was less impressed with the rest of the meal.  We did enjoy our appetizers (calamari, prosciutto wrapped mozzarella, lobster mac n cheese, fresh oysters on the half shell, and a Caesar salad).  The oysters were actually the highlight of my meal.  I should've just had those with a glass of the Sauv Blanc and called it a day... but instead, we ordered more food!  Each couple split a sirloin (none of us loved it even though the menu describes it saying "You won't find a more flavorful steak.")  We also had a side of corn and a side of mushrooms... I guess we did have a lot of food!On top of that, the birthday boy chose 2 desserts for the table: the strawberry cheesecake and the keylime pie.  We didn't even make a dent in either as they were nothing to write home about... and the waiter brought a candle out after the fact.  So, $300 later, we walked out the door saying how much fun we had with our friends but that Capital Grille, sadly, is quite overrated.  At least the dogs will have some leftover steak for the next few days, but I won't rush back to Capital Grille anytime soon, especially if I have to pay!
Just opened recently , way up in No Sco  is a new place to get  your local on. While not as Tasty as Old Town Farmers Market it still can give locals a fresh taste of clean local flavors. Currently they have  about 20 vendors outside with crafts, foods,salsa,  breads, and Torched Goodness Brulee Truck ..stop by there for sure. Inside a large store front they have about a dozen more vendors with produce, eggs, grass fed beef, salmon, honey and  horseradish . My favorite is produce form Simple Farm  their eggs, herbs and veggies are delightful and displayed with French Country Charm ..  Another hit is the Crows Dairy vendors who bring local goat milk to a fresh tasty level with not only goat cheese but  a sour cream product called Buckeye Breeze,as well a  marvelous Feta  that makes recipes pop.  Stop by if you are near and get a taste of what North Scottsdale has produced.
After hitting Lobby's again yesterday for about the 40th time, I just want to reiterate how yummy the burgers and the chicken sandwich are.  Not to mention the best frozen crinkle-cut fries you will ever get at a restaurant.Sitting there Pavlov-dogging while waiting for my mouth to finish the current bite of the burger so I could take another bite, I said to my daughter, "Anyone who thinks In-N-Out burgers are better than THIS needs to have their taste buds scientifically tested for functionality."  Or something very close to meaning that, anyway.I usually get the grilled chicken sandwich (full ACTUAL chicken breast, not a patty or a processed hunk of grossness but a real boneless breast) with the hot peppers and it is totally delish.  Huge piece of tasty grilled meat, never dry, never overcooked, never "scary pink" in the middle.  Just right.My recommendation to anyone who has a bad experience at Lobby's is to go back and try again.  I'd bet my bottom dollar it was a rare occurrence.  Like I said in the intro, after about 40 visits, my kids and I have had nothing but excessive bouts of yumminess when visiting Lobby's.  My 15-yr-old son has eaten at most of the good burger joints in town, and Lobby's is the burger he asks for most often.In-N-Out has it's place in history, and for good reasons, it does good business.  But I've never had anything there which even closely approaches the flavor and juiciness of what Lobby sells.  And the fries?  Not even a contest.  Frozen crinkle-cut fries at Lobby's are better than those starch-sticks which In-N-Out sells for fries.Is it "gourmet foodie" quality?  No.  But it doesn't have to be that kind of burger to taste great.CAVEAT:  My opinion obviously means no more than one person's educated opinion.  So please don't jump on my case for dissing In-N-Out.  They have their place in the fast-food chain.  But Lobby's is in a different class.
Salt levels are high enough to be legally classified as a food preservative!I got the double fried noodles with pork, shrimp and vegetables.  Well, they DROWNED the dish with enough salty sauce (maybe 1.5-2 cups) to make it more like a soup than anything else.  Also, It was a struggle to find more than a few shavings on meat in the dish, disappointing.  I'm pretty sensitive to salt in my food because of my blood pressure and my best estimate is that this one dish probably had 5,000mg sodium in it.Ambience - I appreciate the effort to be helpful, but we were brusquely interupted 9 times during our lunch.  Come on people - if my water glass is empty then discreetly fill it up, don't ask me LOUDLY if I want more water while interupting my conversation. At that point, you're not providing good service, it's just amateurish crap.Would I go back? If I did, I'd order something very lite on the sauce, but then I'd discover that I'd ordered a meat and veg dish with minimal meat and veg.  So, what's the point coming back?So PF Changs - BFD that you sponsor a marathon!? - what good is that when you make people sick afterwards with your insanely salty food, eh?
I had been hearing about this place for quite some time now so I had to see what all the hype was about.  Oh what a time I had!  This restaurant located on the bottom floor of the hippest hotel in Central/ Midtown Phoenix sure doesn't feel like a typical boring hotel eatery.Upon walking in I noticed the exposed beams and concrete flooring which added a sense of urbanity.  Definitely had the laid back, cool vibe I really wasn't expecting.  I really just thought this was just some Mexican restaurant that I had to try.And as far as the food...oh wow...I had the Carne Asada Beef Torta and chips & salsa.  The torta(aka sandwich) oozed with local and fresh flavors that were well put together.  Chips were crisp, warm, and delightful.  The different choices of salsa were not typical of other Mexican restaurants and all were flavorful making me to want to eat every chip.Great food, concept  and location.  This place will do well and I will be back many times to try other items to see if they are as great as what I have already had.
There are two types of experiences you can have here; very good personalized weekDAY service, and very rushed and sterile crappy weekEND service.Most recently my mom and I came here on a Friday, we made reservations and were seated right at the reservation time. It was very busy so I definitely recommend the reservation.Our server was nice and smiled a lot but I have no idea what her name was and she had the personality of a beer coozy,  helpful but not necessary. She was obviously very busy because we were greeted by one person, had our drinks dropped off by someone else, she took our order and then another new person dropped the food off. The food was okay. Nothing amazing, but good. We ended up taking some home as leftovers. If your dish comes with a sauce that you would like to take home, you have to ask them for a separate container, they only bring you the one box for everything.About $25 each for one entree and one glass of wine. I'm not rushing back any time soon.
Love love love shopping here!  This is a newer location, and I finally came in here today.  Food prices are low, produce is wonderful and they have a great food bar to eat from!  Place is clean and parking is ample.  Will be back in the future!
Well I finally tried this place with a friend of mine. I was kinda interested to see how this would go since I saw that it had opened. They let you choose your own soup base, the type of noodle and the "toppings" you want. Well I didn't really know what to pick. I didn't any explanations as to what kind the soup bases were; I had to google them on my phone. And for me, the soup base is the most important part so I know what sort of toppings I wanted. So, I sort of just winged it. While my friend went with one of their soups from the menu.Well, his soup was served first and upon looking at it, it looked like it was lacking, just things in general and was getting worried about mine, which came out a few moments afterwards. Looking at mine and looking at his, I found mine to be very full - full of noodles, veggies and toppings while his, well as stated, was lacking. Well, I can't say I loved my soup. I found it missing something, maybe if I knew more about their soups bases, I might have been better equipped to make choices. The soup didn't suck, but it wasn't as awesome as I wanted it to be. I don't know if I'll be back anytime soon, but I'd probably try it again to see if it gets better.
I was part of Kristen's group and for me the Bomberos experience is a good solid four.Despite the the incident with the log- we were finally sat inside with is a little dark and set up for conversations. The patio was nice but is a little cramped. The live music that was being played was a little loud for the size of the patio. As for the menu, my panini was good, not stellar, but I was just glad to have something of substance. The wine list was unfamiliar and we took the suggestion of the waiter for La Playa and seriously that wine (and the company :) ) made the night. Bomberos has a lot of potential and I will definitely be back, even if just to pick up a bottle of that wine!
This place is deeefuckinglicious! I would possibly donate a limb to the cause if it meant I could transplant this place somewhere in downtown or mid-town Phoenix. Though, if I'm being honest, that might take away from some of it's charm and thankfully I have family in the neighborhood so I'll make the drive. The food, in a word, fantastic! My brother and his family introduced us and are frequent patrons of this place and it's obvious as to why. It's a foodie paradise in the way of quality and you just don't see that with deli style dining very often. The Warm Proscuitto Wrapped House Made Mozzarella that we started our meal with is a great example of what I'm talking about. They appear to take great pride in ingredient quality and execution, and it didn't stop there. I enjoyed a half Roast Chicken Breast w/ Sautéed Onions, Tomato, Bacon, Melted Swiss, Lettuce & Tomato Aioli on Ciabatta and a side of Free Range Chicken & Sweet Corn Chowder. It was as good as it sounds. I also tried a couple of bites of my fiance's Roast Beef & Melted Pepper Jack w/ Caramelized Onions and roasted peppers which gave me an immediate case of order envy, something that is definitely not new to me. What can I say, I like to eat!The waitstaff was friendly and the service was excellent. We were greeted immediately and the servers timing was on point. The wine menu is impressive, even offering some local love such as a few varietals from Arizona Stonghold and Page Springs Cellars. The beer menu while small, has a few quality (and local) offerings and is varied enough to satisfy most everyone. The Deli also offers up some unusual and interesting ice cream flavors that I'm anxious to try on my next visit, which will be soon. I also look forward to checking out 'Poppy's Place' which is a cute little bar affiliated with The Deli and conveniently located right next door. Go once and go often! The Deli is well worth the drive!
Are these supposed to be cupcakes, or freestanding globs of frosting and...sprinkles?I've never gone into Sprinkles, but my coworkers have brought their cupcakes in on several occasions, so I feel like its fair to review their treats.  And I'm not impressed. The cupcake part is so flimsy and weak, it practically toppled over from the four inches of frosting on top of it, each time I've picked one up. The cake tastes -- really boring. No flavor, other than some sort of weird preservative-like taste (is this from the grocery store bakery? No? Then why does it taste like it is?). I've tasted a vanilla and a chocolate and they both tasted like that.The frosting is yummy, but I ended up throwing away most of it.The worst part about these cupcakes is that, after eating them, both times, I've had a major, major blood sugar crash about two hours afterward. WTF? That doesn't happen when I eat other sweets... just how much sugar is in these things?
Oh Boy. This could be grounds for divorce as my husband loves Delux, but I just can't give it more than three stars. Why? INCONSISTENCY. Don't get me wrong, I've had 5-star nights at Delux but I've also had 2-star nights so here I stand.The beer selection is fantastic, the wine list is okay and  the menu is simple and what you'd expect from a burger joint - burgers, a hot dog, salads and few apps but there's just something missing for me. The service is okay. I don't think we've ever had exceptional service at Delux. It's always "okay" or "good." I like the community table (although I wish the seats were more comfortable) and the outside patio is good when the weather is nice (if you can get over the fact that everything in Phoenix is in a strip-mall and you have views of the Safeway parking lot).Overall, if I'm going to spend $60-$100 for a beer, wine & burger night with my husband - I want it to be spot on and unfortunately, you just can't count on Delux for delivering that all the time. If you're in the area looking for a burger joint with a good vibe check out Zin Burger at the Biltmore Mall.
Well, what did we expect. After all, we are in an airport. But wait, now days airports are offering some pretty tastey food. Not in Terminal 3. Not at Sky Harbor. Not on this day. I'd say maybe we picked the wrong things, but as I looked around, not only did things not look so appealing, the guests were definitely not members of the clean plate club. My turkey club came with a lemon garlic mayo (yuck I say) and was served on a thick ass hoagie roll with 2 thin pieces of microwaved bacon, 2 thin pieces of processed turkey (think Lunchables) and a disc of american cheese. More bun than stuff easily. Rickie ordered the Philly Cheese and we quickly renamed it the Silly Cheese. Again, way more bread than the good stuff. The fries were so so but the pickle, well thank God for that pickle, cuz it sustained me through the first screaming child on our flight (see review below...if you're brave enough). I settled for 1800 as they didn't have Patron. Rickie settled for a Dos XX as they didn't have any vanilla vodka nor Franjelico (some of the fixins you need for his fave drink - updide down pineapple!). Our server, a bit stand offish at first quickly warmed up to us as she realized we were fun gay guys at the beginning of a trip with vacation money burning a whole in our Diesel jeans. A couple of rounds later we were singing a medly of American Bandstand hits and heading out the door for our flight. Buzzed but still hungry.
I went here with some coworkers for lunch.  It was my choice and they ended up a little annoyed with me since the service was very slow and the food was not cheap.  So, not the best option for a work day lunch but I would consider coming here again in the evening.  I'd enjoy some of their yummy tacos with a beer on the patio if the sun was already down (there is no shade). Or else something from the dinner menu with a glass of wine in the swanky bistro.  I'll give them another shot but they are definitely on my coworker's "no" list.
"A-OK" describes my feelings for Yard House fairly well during their late night happy hour, though it lacks a bit of enthusiasm that my brain interjects into the phrase.  It's probably a wobbly 2.5 stars. Walking in for the first time, I cringed.  Walking in on my second visit resulted in the same unconscious reaction.The booths are huge.   Mammoth.  Think "I could crowd the entire Brady Bunch into this booth and still have room for the Partridge Family" huge.  Apparently these tables are necessary for the giant crowds of sports fans they receive, but when it's two people swimming in this gigantic space, it feels a bit awkward.They offer four types of cider -- Wyder's Peach, Pear, and Raspberry, and Woodchuck Apple.  I'm not a fan of Wyder's, at all, but it's definitely better on draft and the pear is a decent option.  Woodchuck draft is always a good choice if you enjoy the sweeter type, however, I'd certainly prefer pear to apple.  Regardless: $3.50 during happy hour, and it's hard to find a better price than that.I've never tried any of the entrees, but the half priced appetizers (almost reasonably priced for the quality!) have been pretty good.  The sauce on the Jamaican chicken wings gets a thumbs up, the pizza was much better than anticipated, and I definitely enjoyed the chicken lettuce wraps.I doubt I'll ever feel comfortable here, but it's certainly a place I would return during the right hour of the day if invited by good company.Side note: Who is answering the "Alcohol?" question on the survey as "None"?  Twelve people have given this response.  Don't you realize that we're living in a post-ironic era?
Sour Topping.  REALLY?  You charge me $14 for a "Chuy's Chimichanga" and you serve it with sour topping?  I so wanted to make this a good review, or at the very least, a decent review, but I guess I'm gonna have to settle for a fair review.About 15 years ago, Ajo Al's was a decent Mexican Food place.  The didn't push any boundaries, and you could count on getting a good value for your money.  I dined here on almost on a weekly basis for lunch or dinner.  Since then, my life has taken me further east geographically as well as metaphysically and I guess the old adage that one can never go back is proven true by Ajo Als.The wife and I were alone this Friday evening, and I've been jonesing for a chimi for a week now.  The opportunity to quench that thirst appeared with the thought of going to a place we've ignored for so long,  Piling into the rod, we tooled down Camelback toward the west, noticing the changes at Town and Country and the Collonade along the way - notes for future dining opportunites :-).  Arriving at Ajo Al's, I notice they've built a new facade in the years since, or they've repainted, or it's been a heck of a long time.  The parking lot was about two-thirds full - this was my first clue.  We were seated quicklyin a booth, after refusing a table when there were like 5 booths available.  There was a raucous crowd at the bar, as this was happy-hour.  The chips and salsa arrived immediately, water and menus shortly after.  The chips are crispy, thin, lightly salted and fresh.  The mild salsa is your basic tomato sauce that rested near a can of chiles at some point in it's life, and the Hot Sauce was definitely hot, with an immediate tartness of red-chile and a nice followup burn.  The drink special was something called a "Coronarita" and the waittress described it like a margarita with a Corona beer poured into it.  GAK!  That sounds absolutely disgusting as I asked the waittress if they cut you off if you cannot pronounce the name.  I ordered iced tea for me and Modelo Especial for my lovely companion.  For dinner I ordererd the only Chimichanga I could find on the menu, described as stuffed with steak and served enchilada style with sour cream on the side.  I also asked for all beans instead of the usual beans and rice sides.  My companion ordered the Ono Fish Tacos.When our food arrived, the first thing I noticed was the sour topping, not sour cream.  Even for sour topping, this must have been the bargain brand, as it was a consistency of melting jello, but it was white.  Flavor was non-existant.  I broke into the chimi that was glazed with a nice green sauce and a few shreds of lettuce.  It was hot and aromatic, and I was three bites into it before I got any steak.  Worse than that, it was skirt steak.  As in, some clever marketing genius thought, "Hey, if we use the fajita's in the chimi's we don't have to make machaca, or shred anything and it's really multi-purposing our base ingredients!"  Bad choice.  The skirt steak was tough and chewy and the only real flavor was the marinade flavor that struck me first as soy sauce - an odd ingredient for "Mexican".The wife loved her fish tacos.  She said they were flavorful and fresh, and came with a couple of sauces, rice and beans.  I thought the tacos looked plain and industrial-quality.  However, we both agreed that the beans had a good, savory flavor.  The service was adequate, the noise from the happy-hour drunks in the bar was obnoxious and the restaurant never got more than half full.  On a Friday night.  I remember the day when you had to wait 45 minutes for a table on Friday nights.  But that Ajo Al's is gone and the imposter in it's place is hardly the same.
I first learned of Hana from a friend of mine, but could never have the sense to say the name of it when asked out to lunch by random friends posing the age-old question "Where do you want to go to lunch?" Today, I remembered to say it.I'm going to call this part one of the review. Today was my first visit to Hana. The second part will be tacked on at some later date and this is why: THEY WEREN'T SERVING SUSHI. No. Really. Srsly. Being a brand new restaurant, apparently only one person (the server called him the "Sushi Rock Star") has been employed behind the counter rolling up sushi! I hope Hana can audition some more rock stars because I am anxious to audition a tuna roll.The pork ramen had to suffice and it was served in a mammoth bowl at a temperature not unlike our galaxy's sun. After about 10 minutes, it had cooled off to the point where I could taste it and it was very good! Much better than those 73 for $1 jobbies at the grocery store.The atmosphere was dark, and facing the door it was a bit distracting. It was kind of like being in a dark, seedy bar and having someone stand there with the door open... I imagine. The service was excellent and the server friendly. I felt sorry for him having to tell subsequent customers that they weren't serving sushi. It's kind of like going to a luxury car dealership and being told they only have Yugos. But hey... even rock stars need a day off.
Ah it's OK.  Nothing more, nothing less I am afraid.  It is clean and modern looking.  As Morgan said the team members were young and cheerful, kind of like cheerleaders.  Ordered the regular burger with fries.  Seriously it was competent but the patty tasted pretty flavorless, I am sure they are frozen patties.Had more hopes for this place that was a coffee shop about a year ago.  Maybe next time I'll try the chicken club?  The burger was forgettable.  I would not go out of my way to eat here again, that is for certain.  Some seasoning on the burger may have helped?Food: averageLocation: chronically doomedService: high school cheerleaders with their first jobAmbiance: pleasant but sterileWow factor: noneParking: OKWould I go back?  Meh.....
I hated Greek food, until I tried this place. My "health nut" girlfriend had to drag me to this place, kicking and screaming. After all, my long ago experiences with Greek food consisted of soggy grape leaves and poor little baby lambs. On my first visit, I ordered cautiously: a grilled chicken pita with French fries lunch platter. The chicken was well seasoned and the pita bread nice and chewy. It was filled with fresh tomatoes, lettuce, red onions and served with a side of delicious tzatziki sauce (refreshing cucumber yogurt). I couldn't believe how much I liked it! A few days later, I dragged my husband in, kicking and screaming like I had done before. Surprise - he loved it too. In addition to the pitas, this time we ventured out (a little bit) and ordered some different items. The Greek fries - wonderful golden crispy fries covered with both feta and Parmesan cheese and a tangy lemon mustard sauce. And the Greek salad, a tasty blend of lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, red onions, peppers, olives, topped with feta cheese and tossed with a creamy Greek dressing. Since then, we've eaten here many times and continue to explore and expand our menu choices. So far, so good. Now it's our go-to place for healthy eating and also if we just want a fun atmosphere. There's music and often Greek dancing in the aisles and sounds of "OPA!" coming from the kitchen. Nothing better than to sit back with a pitcher of Sangria, a good meal, and enjoy the fun.
Well... usually I excuse poor service to a certain degree... but our last trip to the Orange Table was remarkably bad as far as service is concerned. We waited nearly 20 minutes before someone came over to our table... and as many of you know this is not a big place! Then when our waiter did come he just kind of stood there and said "wassup". For a second I thought I was going to have to spell it out for him; "Well, we just came here to eat some food, which is what we're attempting to do right now". Thank God the food is still great... so for now we're only gonna downgrade Orange Table by one star down to a three out of five. Our burger and sandwich were damn good... as was our cream soda; but the highlight of this visit without a doubt the fact that our waiter is a glorified Youtube/Reality TV star (well, not in a good way... and I guess I'm exaggerating quite a bit when I say 'star'). Anyone remember that episode of Cheaters where the goofy dude with the mullet had this uber-attractive girlfriend only to cheat on her (Not very helpful... I guess this describes a lot of episodes of Cheaters)? Anyway, the dude gets interviewed and spouts off this gem:"I do chicks man... that's just what I do". ...he then spouts off all sorts of other nonsense, trying to show that he is the man of all men, which he clearly isn't. The clip was featured on The Soup and a bunch of other shows and was cringe inducing because you wonder how a mullet sporting piece of white trash could nab the type of girl he was with... and not only that... but find more women to cheat on her with, it's only shit you could see on crappy reality TV. Anyway... that dude now waits tables at the Orange Table and was our waiter the other day. So now you know at least one reason why the service isn't exactly grade A.
Bought by corporate Landry's (and the Camelback location closed) this former steak giant is headed south, and fast.What do you think about when you think, "Morton's"?--strangely tan vinyl booths (yes, I've seen them in Chicago, and I finally get it)--sinatra standards--bow ties--to be shown what a beefsteak tomato looks like (from the cart)--to be shown what a life lobster looks like (the poor kiddo)--to be shown what a porterhouse looks like (oh, YUM)--crabcakes--AND THE BEST DARNed steak you can get in town, _no matter the cut_--don't forget the sprigs of watercress, my favorite.But Landry's isn't having it. A multi-million dollar brand is taking a new direction:#no more Sinatra#no more cart#maitre'd has no tux#limited Champagne options; $160 Tatt is a plain ripoff.Steakhouses are a dime-a-dozen these days and with Eddie V's nearby putting on the Ritz with live jazz and magnums of the Heitz Martha's Vineyard _besides great steaks_, Landry's Morton's won't be here for long.
We went back today to try the Duchess of Bedford's Formal Afternoon Tea....truly sumptuous! It is served on a 3 tier stand ..... the presentation is  really amazing : ) We were lucky to get a seat as there were only about 2 tables left on the front patio. It was great to see it so busy as well as to see everyone enjoying their tea and sandwiches!We had to order the Paris Tea once again as we had been craving it since our last visit. The staff as last time were wonderful and we picked up yet another little item at the gift store.
Mom's Day.   Dad's Day.   Let's just make up one and call it Black Bear Diner Day, and I'll gladly go for breakfast, even if I have to endure a little wait.The orange juice is freshly squeezed, comes in a large glass, and  tastes like cutting an orange in half and making sweet oral love to it.The food is really good.  Everything except the bear claw, ironically, but really, everything else, from fresh fruit, to griddle items, to biscuits&gravy, to even a cheapo steak & eggs has been certified as yummy by either myself or a close family member anywhere from kid to grandparents.  Service ranges from acceptable to nice and friendly, and with the tiny bear paws running the length of their kooky suspenders as part of their uniforms, you hardly even notice most of them have freaky punky tattoos up and down their necks,etc.Breakfast is a 4.5 over several occaisions, and I'm factoring in one late lunch experience at around a 3.75-4.Black berry shake is a fizzle to the -ive point oh, fo' sho'
The food here is good basic Jewish deli food.  I especially love their bagels but, had to walk out tonight as five people behind the counter couldn't get to me in over 15 minutes.  I was second in line.  They were NOT busy at 8pm.  The people in line with me were not happy either.  Ill be back tomorrow for some more bagels.  Maybe I will have a better experience.
I don't care much for Basha's and I really can't stand Food City (see Phoenix Ranch Market), but AJ's is how the Basha family does it right.  My friend Bobo and I didn't even flinch yesterday when our total for two ribeye steaks, asparagus spears and corn cobs came out to nearly $50, because we knew we were getting high-quality grub.I don't come here often these days, probably because I used to come here all the time when I dated some pretentious A-HOLE a while back who preferred AJ's at all costs.  But I do come here when I prepare for dinner parties I'm hosting, go to brunches or just want to feel nostalgic for Bristol Farms and Gelson's from back home.You can never go wrong with ANY of their food whether its croissants or desserts from their boulangerie (which is French for "I'm a fancy bakery you can't afford, you chump"), the butcher block, pizza counter or cheese deli.But my absolute favorite part about AJ's is their wine selection and florist area.  I was gratifyingly reassured when I showed up to the home of Kristin S one day with the same exact cava, that lo and behold, we both religiously drink.  And when you're on the run you can always be sure they will have a trained wine sommelier help you in a pinch and chill a bottle for you in minutes.If you're looking to be romantic and get laid, this is a one-stop shop with the fresh fruit salad in the deli case, cheeses, wine, chocolate selection, flowers all under one roof -- plus Castle Boutique is just one block over.  Score!
I'm in love! Their brunch options are fabulous for vegans (yay for me!) and omnivores (yay for most people I take with me!). I am crazy about the Lumberjack breakfast sandwich with tofu and vegan cheese, their breakfast burrito is amazing and kept me full all day. I try to get there once a week at least and always treat myself to one of their yummy vegan desserts. The raw cheesecake is to die for, their cupcakes are fantastic (I even got some from their wonderful pastry chef for my birthday and they were a HUGE hit with friends). I can't recommend them enough!
Mutt-friendly microbrews - oh yea.Hiking with Jaek recently one evening was culminated wonderfully with a tasty ale on their shaded patio.Sure it was warm, but we were together - a boy and his dog and his beer.Beautiful, man, beautiful.
If anybody finds a better tasting and healthier soup/s than here, please contact me asap...  :DI happen to be a soup fan (I said soup, not curry damn it ! ) and this place is something that I always crave about for soups... Roasted Garlic Tomato... ooooo la la....Sandwiches are good too (except that I have not tried many)... and needless to say that a variety of bread options are enticing... its not a trend here in the States to eat bread dipped in coffee, but if you are willing to try it, this could the the place....  (apart from your own kitchen ofourse !)Overall a nice and tidy place to have healthy and delicious lunch / brunch and a cup of coffee with bread...
I am reviewing the sub side as I have never tried the Smoothie King's offerings but I can say that their counter is always busy.  The subs here are offered in various sizes on fresh bread and made to order in front of you.  One complaint I have is they smash the living daylights out of your sub when they cut it.  The meats are sliced as you order and the veggies are pretty fresh.The indoor seating here is very limited but they have a decent size outdoor patio which is really useless 4 months out of the year.  The parking is pretty tight and gets pretty hectic at lunch time.
The emperor has no clothes.  There.  I said it.  I had one the top 5 WORST dining experiences of my life eating at Durant's.  The food was average.  I had scallops that were slightly overcooked, poorly seasoned and somewhat gritty.  I tasted my fellow dining mates steaks and they were well below average compared to other steaks in this cost bracket (Flemings, Ruths Chris, Capital Grill).  And at $30 an entree I expect my food to be served without a side of attitude.  The service wasn't bad, it was offensive.  Our server was rude, sarcastic, flippant, and completely disrespectful. My husband actually got up halfway through the dinner to pull him aside and alert him that we were not happy with the service and to give him a chance to step it up.  We were quite polite and discrete about it.  The server proceeded to come back to the table and make jokes about this and announced sarcastically to the table that "he heard we were in a rush to get somewhere" and he was going to speed things up.  Um.  Wrong.  We weren't in a rush.  All we wanted was to enjoy our dinner.  It was bad enough I brought my parents to this place.  But I would have been truly mortified if I had brought a client here.  I will never go back.  If you have read my reviews, you know I am not prone to writing harsh reviews unless it is totally deserved. This one is.  Durants seems to be one of those old school restaurants that is skating by on its history and once-deserved reputation.  My advice?  Don't bother.  I can think of at least 5 other steak houses in the Valley where you will get a better meal for about the same or less money with far better service.Lets review:  expensive mediocre food, horrible service, loud chaotic atmosphere...  really?  Your still going to give it a try?  Okay, don't say I didn't warn you.
This is a new restaurant in Scottsdale, in the Optima Camelview Village on the North West side of Highland Avenue off Scottsdale Road. Their website does not give an actual address because unfortunately, the building complex's address would lead you a block north of the restaurant. Dining at this restaurant is well worth the address confusion though. My boyfriend and I went last night (Saturday night) for dinner. There is free parking in the underground garage, and you walk up the drive to street level. Nourish is conveniently located near the entrance of the complex next to the garage. The space has a light, airy feeling with plenty of shaded outdoor seating and breezy indoor seating. The menu includes seafood, meat dishes, vegan dishes, gluten-free meals, appetizers, desserts and a full bar. I got a salmon burger on bed of greens with sweet potato fries and my boyfriend got steamed teriyaki brown rice bowl with broccoli, snap peas, carrots, cashews and chicken. Both meals were amazingly good! My salmon burger had a lemon herbed aioli that blended wonderfully with the flavors. So very good.After dinner our friendly waitress suggested ice cream for dessert. I can't eat dairy, so I started my usual deflection. She reassured me that it's made with coconut milk, so we ordered it. Chocolate Chai coconut milk ice cream. Oh, yum! Just the right amount for the two of us to share for dessert. Next time I'm trying the apple pie. I highly recommend this restaurant for meat eaters and veggies alike. There are plenty of tasty gluten-free and vegan choices as well.
"Best horchata in Mesa !"That's the claim of the hospitable hostess slash waitress slash cashier."It's made from scratch, not a mix", she says to bolster her point.Me, I'm no expert on horchatas (or much of anything for that matter), but it's one of the best I've ever had anywhere. For curiosity sake I did try another horchata in Mesa and while it was good you could taste some graininess. Go for the large size, trust me.In addition to excellent horchatas the food is delicious and affordable.A good size entree with rice, beans and salad for $5.75 ?A pretty sweet deal.I had the fish tacos (very good), the beef enchilada (excellent). A generous portion given the price. I had light dinners after eating this for lunch.It seems that two people do everything here and are quite hospitable and sincere. While making claims of how great the horchata was it came across as less of a brag and more of a statement of pride.  A great, casual Mexican restaurant with amazing lunch specials..
Great food, have on occasion had issues with the service.  One of the best burgers in the valley, customers select their patty - Kobe, salmon, chicken, portobello available as optiona, bread, cheese, and customize their toppings.  I have always found their patties tender and juicy.  The first time we went to blu burger for lunch, it wasn't very busy, but our waiter ingnored our table the whole time to chit-chat with a co-worker.  After receiving our check, I waited approx 10 min for our waiter to take my credit card.  We also went to dinner on a Tuesday night at 7:30 and were told that they were closing the dining room and only taking to-go orders.  In the time that we waited for our food, the staff turned away 3 other couples.  Kind of weird to close down at only 7:30?!?!, we took it as a sign they might be going out of business soon.  Ironically, the service is much better when it's a bit busy.  The staff doesn't feel that it is worthwhile to take care of their customers when there's only a few tables.I hope Blu Burger makes it.  The food makes it worthwhile to go.  It would be a shame if the staffing/managment issues put the restaurant under.
Perhaps management has been paying attention to Yelpers. Our service tonight was awesome!My wife, daughter, and I spent a lovely evening enjoying decent Mexican food and each other's company. Our waitress was great ! Never did we have to ask for refills on anything...chips or drinks. Contrary to recent Yelps, our food arrived SUPER fast...on a Friday night...when the waitress had to traverse multiple dining rooms to serve us.Now, being at a resort, the food WAS a bit pricey...though, the price was easier to bear after 32 ounces of a margarita they call "El Diablo"...which is a top shelf margarita with Grand Marnier (as per my tip).Either way, not a bad restaurant...plus, it's within walking distance of the resort, which comes in handy after about half of that El Diablo.
T and I stumbled into this place from wandering the street festival taking place that weekend.  It's one thing to have a simple menu and get really good at it.  Well, keep working at it.Maybe I was tired from a day of paddling dragon boats in Tempe Town Lake? Maybe it was the Arizona sun?  Maybe I needed a nap? Maybe I was dehydrated?  I knew I wanted a drink.  I started with the Hoegaarden, my fave white ale that's great for summer.We eyeballed the other tables and saw some interesting dishes, but nothing compelling.  I wanted pasta, but we settled on the bruschetta, as there was no pasta on the menu.  That seemed strange to me.  The red peppers and babaganoush bruschetta, among others was tasty.  Spinach and prosciutto was good, but frankly the prosciutto was lost in the spinach, which drowned the distinctive salty flavor of the italian cured ham.My impression is that La Bocca is more of a wine bar that serves appetizers and smaller/lite sandwiches, salads, and pizzas.  If you're looking to "eat" - this isn't your place.  If you're looking to "drink" then "eat" - this may be your place.
I have been to famous Dave's before, just not this specific location.  I came here for my birthday dinner on Saturday night, and was glad that I did!Upon entering, I was warmly greeted by the hostess.  I told her that my friend and I were here to celebrate my birthday, and she asked if we wanted to sit in the bar or at a table.  I chose the table of course!Travis was our waiter for the evening.  I  belong to the Famous Dave's P.I.G. club, so I had a birthday coupon for buy one entree, get the second one for free.  I told him this, and he said that I also get a free dessert since its my birthday.  FTW! YES! Who doesn't love free dessert?!?!? I DO!!Anyways, I went with the Brisket dinner, and my friend went with the 2 meat sampler. He got the BBQ'd chicken along with the sausage.  We both got corn on the cob, 2 sides each, (I went with the coleslaw and garlic mashed potato's) and my friend got something similar.O, and the Brisket? Done PERFECTLY as always!  Juicy, tender, and o so delicious.Anyways, Travis was really warm and friendly during the evening, and they brought out my ice cream with a flaming candle on top!!!! YES!! They even emailed me a photo!!  MY LIFE IS AWESOME!!! I love you Famous Dave's and will be back 10 million more times...
I love Fez. They consistently prepare great dishes; I have been there about 20 times and never once had a bad meal. The wait staff is very friendly and they do a great job of remembering what you ordered last time you came in. A few of my favorites, the super garlicky hummus with crisp pitas, the all american Fez burger, the spicy harrissa fries mmmm yum. Last time I got to enjoy these with my dog on the patio, yes they are dog friendly which rocks.They also do a delicious brunch. The Fez frittata is great, as is their French toast, try going on a Sunday and it is half price bottles of champagne! Mimosa anyone?
I was visiting from CA... my sister and her family... she arranged a family get together and wanted to try some place fun and different as well as support an independent local business.  She called the day prior and spoke with the owner and told him that we'd be bringing a large group over Saturday morning for breakfast/lunch.  We called when we were on our way and when we arrived, they had set-up for our party of 11.  We were going to sit on the patio but with 90+ degrees we opt'd for inside.  With large glass windows we will had a pretty good view of the runway though air traffic was low.  Coffee shop style setting with fun airplane decor.  We asked for breakfast and lunch menus... large item selection on both.  Our group ordered a mixture off of each menu and everyone was pleased... generous portions.  I had a BLAT... BIG sandwich... lots of bacon and avocado... fries on the side hot out of the fryer.  Great server (Chastity)... be sure to ask her last name :-)))  Also have a kid's menu, and the younger boys were able to select a toy airplane.
I could never go Vegan. I just can't. It's not in my blood chemistry to be able to go very long without animal protein. With that said, I really enjoy Green. I don't ever think I'm getting "healthy food" when coming here it's definitely "junk food" as Ben H. said, but throughout the years, it's been a safe haven for me to go to with my crazy vegan friends. There just aren't that many good places for vegans in Phoenix-- especially for good old fashioned American food. Sure you can get vegan options at Indian, Ethiopian, and Asian places...but sometimes you just want that chicken parm sammy or that big burger that your diet or lifestyle choices must keep you from. Enter Green. Fast, relatively cheap, greasy comfort food. A little something for everyone and some of the finest faux-meats I have ever had. I really love the chicken cutlets and the steak sandwich is my absolute favorite. This is not for the weak of heart-- these creations are masterful and oily, but they sure do fill you up. Save some room though, you can't leave here without getting a Soynami--basically a McFlurry type thing made with soft serve coconut milk. It's amazing. Most of the food is around 3 stars,but I bumped it up to 4 because they're ahead of the vegan game for Tempe/Phx and gosh....that Soynami!
It looks like all of the bogus orange head 5 star reviews couldn't save this place. I saw that the sign was no longer there and the place was closed for lunch on Friday.
think you are the bossa me?icing, glazed, all sprink-a-ley? caked and baked, cream filled eclairslong johns, fritters, best bewareof your ass,  just watch it growbelly bulges, buy new clothesstil, can't get enough of you   once ripped, just ripped my pants in twoflabby arms, damn, double chinwaist & hips, which once were thinnot any more, a donut slut  waist thirty six or eight, my butt'sa set of flabby cheekscan't help myself, christ, i must eattwo or three, there every dayheroin, can't stay awayperhaps you are, the bossa me....           crave, i cave in, follow medrive to thirty seventh streetthis ritual, daily, repeatsitself, i'm heading westbosa donuts, on the leftnine pacific, standard timedrive thru, sweet, there ain't no linepicture menu, tempts and teasei'll take another dozen, pleasebuttermilks, once krispy creamwas the sweet stuff, that my dreamswere made of, came and wentbut what replaced, is heaven senta little dough, it don't take mucha dozen runs just seven bucksgrab a coffee and chow downyour nuts, no doubt, the best in townbossa me?, hell i hope notcan't help myself, i eat a lota donuts, since you cameto my 'hood, and you're to blamefor my man boobs, wedding ringno longer fits on my fat finger..i'm weak.. no self controla donut nut, cinnamon rollsplain of fancy, filled éclairsguess i'm willing, to declarebosa, you are the bossa meand for those, who don't believeme,  people, check my gutconfirmed, no if, ands, or... buffed butt.
Yuck.Went here today for lunch.  The cashier didn't give me a receipt and I didn't remember the order number he mumbled at me.  I kept sending my husband up to check to see if the food being randomly handed out was ours, there was a huge group of people standing around also waiting for their food.  After almost 15 minutes our food finally was ready, although I can't understand the delay since neither one of us got any hot food that needed to be cooked.  The large Greek Salad ($5.50) I got was horrible.  It was dressed with a red wine vinagrette (???) and was inedible.  What a waste of money.  That was NOT a Greek Salad.My husband got the vegetable plate ($9.25) and choked down as much as he could.  The sole piece of Spanokopita (?) was mushy and soggy from sitting in a puddle of some red vinagrette dressing.  The Greek olives were mushy and the bread looked stale.  We picked at our food and finally threw it out in disgust.(We went to Circle K down the road and each got Hostess cupcakes to snack on instead.)YUCK!!  I won't be back
Confession - I am remiss in writing this review.Feeney's great meal and service was an excellent compliment to a great evening with friends!  You see, this raucous bunch took the place over on a Saturday night and while we were by far the loudest table they didn't mind a bit.  From @AZvern to @audreyrlwyatt to @TheDottsyZ to @ThomasWSmith to @lupnacca to @chrissyP71 to @cutepup8191 we all had a great time and enjoyed the old school food and service very much.
This place was great!! As soon as you step in through the door you get indulged by all the wonderful BBQ smells and you also hear how others' in their table are cooking up their own meats and veggies!! What a great little spot it is!! I highly recommend it to all those BBQ lovers and Panda express fans!! This is much better and healthier too!! It was a good full that we got after consuming all our food and not a fatty full!!
Donut heaven ... what more can I say? Very fresh donuts, warm and friendly staff, spacious and sunny area for sitting and enjoying your bites of heaven while leisurely sipping your coffee. The earlier you come (preferably before 1 pm!), the greater your choices.
While I appreciate a good steak occasionally, I don't appreciate $9 baked potatoes.  I'm sorry, but if I'm paying $40 for a piece of meat, is it too much to ask to throw in the potato? This quirk has eliminated a growing number of steakhouses from my list of dining options.  I'm happy to report that Stockyards agrees with me.Although the area leaves a lot to be desired, I love that this restaurant is rich in Arizona history.  I love the building (check out the bar) and it's Old West charm.  And I love that it's still here after decades of change in the Valley.  The restaurant is quite large with several rooms.  Nice enough to dress up a little, but still comfortable enough for casual attire.  That's "casual," not pajama bottoms and bed head.  This isn't Safeway.My dining companion and I shared the Chateaubriand for Two (in other words, me and the dude I married ate a big tenderloin).  The steak was really good and perfectly tender.  It was served with the expected Bearnaise (which I didn't care for) and a house steak sauce which was better.  Also included were mashed potatoes, whiskey sweet potato mash, mushrooms, and "seasonal" vegetables, in addition to the salad, corn muffins, and biscuits served at the beginning.  A lot of food for $80!  The mashed potatoes were average (but they weren't $9), and the vegetables were a disappointment, consisting of nothing but julienned carrots and some broccoli.  The sweet potato mash was very tasty, however.  Did you know it's possible to eat sweet potatoes without marshmallows?  Crazy, I know.While I thought some of the food was closer to 3 stars, I can't help but bump it up to 4 given the overall experience.
Cool spot.They tell me the following is vegan:Rice (it's made with oil, not butter nor chicken stock like many other places)HummusPitasFattoush saladFalafelDolmasTheir spaghetti noodlesWe'll be visiting periodically when we're looking for a Mediterranean/Arabic food kick.
My coworker took me here last week and I was excited when we pulled into the parking lot. It was a bit early for lunch we were the only ones in the place. We sat down and happened to pick the table that was out of napkins doh! They had a special on the window that was pizza and wings combo for $6 I should have tried that. We decided to split meals I ordered the Tijuana Chicken sandwich and my company the Turkey Double Decker sandwich that he swears by. Telemundo was playing on 2 of the 3 or 4 flat screens there was a novela on that was showing an older woman seducing a teenager a la Desperate Housewives that made me a little uncomfortable at 11am. The server seemed a tad new as we had to ask for a few things like ketchup for our fries and drinks went dry till we ordered a nice cold pitcher of beer.  The Turkey Double came out looking absolutely exquisite!! Truly picturesque seriously the layers were so perfect and it was a great sandwich cut into quarters held together by toothpicks ugh I wanted to take a picture but I was afraid my company would think I'm a nut. My chicken was grilled in a yummy chipotle sauce and topped with canned jalapenos which their juices made the bread soggy pretty quick. I really liked the bread here!! Anyway, we were here for a few hours kicking back I conveniently had my dvd player with me and we plugged in and watched some raunchy Bill Hicks all while finishing a pitcher and having some good convos. I'd love to come back and try the pizza and wings next!
Wow.  I have been receiving emails from Sol y Sombra and my husband and I decided to check it out.  We are big fans of tapas of all varieties and the menu intrigued us.  With no reviews on Yelp we had no idea what to expect!We were expecting to go to a "traditional" Spanish restaurant but when we arrived we were treated to a very trendy lounge atmosphere.  Which, although not what we were expecting, suited us just fine.  The atmosphere is very lively with upbeat lounge music, dim lighting, couches and plush arm chairs, and loud chatter.  (What?!  What did you just say?!)   Upon being seated we were immediately welcomed by the Sommelier who selected a perfect and reasonably priced bottle of Spanish wine, one that is apparently difficult to get.  (I'm sorry, it was actually a Basque wine.)  Seeing that we were enjoying it, he wrote down the information about the wine and distributor for us so we could purchase it ourselves.There are many, many tapas choices, ranging in price from $5 to $18.  We selected 4 and it was more than enough.  Our favorite was the shrimp with garlic cream sauce.  We also had the signature Pollo Champion which was delicious and bountiful.  We also had the asparagus with crab which was a good palette cleanser between the dishes (the crab had a good citrus flavor).  Our least favorite was the crispy snail just because it didn't have enough flavor or sauce (we are so used to escargot which is drowned in garlic and butter).  We ended with the baked apple dessert which was phenomenal!  It had a salty/sweet balance which I adored.The service was great, our server was attentive the whole night and had great suggestions.  The food came out extraordinarily quickly (I'm talking 5 minutes after ordering), but we weren't rushed at all and we were able to sit and enjoy the food and experience.  All in all, the food alone with dessert was only $55 which is more than reasonable. There is ample free parking at the DC Ranch and also valet for $5 (shared with Fleming's so it's not directly in front of Sol y Sombra).  But be forewarned, it's on the second floor.Update:I've been to Sol many many times now and everytime the food is fantastic and the service is superb.  We took my little sister here (who is the pickiest eater I've ever met....the girl doesn't eat vegetables!)  and she enjoyed herself.  She was drinking soda all night and our server brought her over her own carafe of it so she could refill as she wished. Their Happy Hour is also very good.  You have to sit at the bar but they always have 5 or 6 tapas for about $5 or $6 and a few glasses of wine on special.  Definitely a nice way to unwind, especially when the sun is setting.I think that now I've tried almost all the tapas they offer (they change the menu seasonally though so it never gets boring) and I have never been disappointed.
Why am I seduced by fast food sometimes? Is it because I work in a full service restaurant and can eat wonderful food anytime I want? Or because I crave something processed that's laden in grease and riddled with sodium? Or is it because my bf texts me and says hey, pick up arby's? I order the number five for bf and see a delicious looking sandwich staring at me. I mean what a photo! Who took this photo? Annie Leibovitz? It's perfect looking. Turkey and Swiss on some fresh looking bread with plump tomatoes and crisp lettuce. How bad can it be? Well. Hmmm. So bad. You spit it out in a napkin and scrape your tongue with a pumice stone. Gargle with Listerine and vow to the heavens to limit your fast food to In N Out and the Philadelphia Sandwich Company. Arby's Shmarby's. Gross.
Location: 51st ave & Northern (Northeast corner)I don't really get the "shady vibe" some got from this location. Inside, the decor is exotic, welcoming and...unexpected. Being in a strip mall, I didn't expect such attention to detail. The Food: Fantastic. But oddly, whenever we eat AT the restaurant, the food is rave-ingly good. It seems when we take it to go, we've gotten dry, unimpressive meals a few times. Not sure what that's about.I love that they use the broccoli stalks rather than the heads. Definitely cuts the gas factor down for me.My favorite meals:* Crispy Fried Fish ($11.95) - Non-fishy tasting catfish in an awesome coconut curry sauce...mmmm...Ironically, the fish is NOT crispy but who cares?* Just tried the Pad-See-Yew Noodles last night ($8.95) and I looooooooooooooooooooved it. The noodles were buttery tasting and the fried tofu (you can choose from tofu, beef, pork, chicken, shrimp, scallops, squid, or seafood combo) was a great firmish consistency.* Thai Egg rolls ($2.50 for 2) - Yummy but they contain chicken and now that I'm vegetarian, can't have 'em.* Fried Rice is yummy and fresh... Comes with cucumbers and tomatoes which is kind of weird but refreshing.There's always plenty leftover for another tasty meal manana. The customer service is cordial and friendly.The Bad:1) Closed Mondays (weird day to close)2) No website (in this day and age, there is no excuse for this. No one says you have to get all fancy and post the menu and stuff but even if you just put up 1 cheap page with your name, logo, address and directions...)3) A few issues with takeout quality4) The mounted flat screen kind of kills the ambiance.
This is an authentic south Phoenix barrio restaurant. White folks in the dining room are in a pitiful minority, which is always a sign of good ethnic cuisine. As others have mentioned the decor is not necessarily hip, nor is the grand dining area particularly cozy, but I still liked the atmosphere. Affirming its authentic barrio status, when the waitress approached my nonwhite but also non-Hispanic self, she greeted us with "Buenos tardes. Como estan?" Having just returned from vacation in Argentina where I grew accustomed to these greetings despite my inability to speak Spanish, I quickly responded, "Buenos tardes, bien gracias." In Buenos Aires I was quickly identified by most waiters as a tourist so the conversation would then continue in English. Back here in my own hometown of Phoenix it's a slightly different story. Confusion reigned after I got out my Spanish response. She asked me something. I looked at her puzzled and instead of saying simply, "I don't speak Spanish" I reflexively said, "Como?" which of course extended the linguistic chaos at our table, because she then repeated herself and naturally I repeated my look of confusion. She probably wanted to smack me by the time we figured out what was going on. She was gracious though. The food was superb. I ordered something I'd never tried before: machaca con huevos. My mouth waters at the very thought of it. For the unacquainted, machaca is basically shredded beef. It was mixed up with egg, onions, tomatoes, and peppers, and came with a side of beans and rice. My friend had a more standard plate of cheese enchiladas and a tostada, and she also gave it the thumbs up.The service was quick and friendly. The atmosphere, though criticized elsewhere for its decor, was actually pretty interesting to me mainly because of my fellow customers. There were some large families there, from all walks of life. I'm definitely going back, especially since I live close by.
Blows/reBlowsJust like Nine05 and Fate, this place will be closed down soon.  The only difference is that this place will close even faster.  Surprising really, because Fez and Switch are pretty good.  The food and service at Bliss was absolutely dreadful.  I sat down and asked the server what the Rotating tap of Sierra Nevada was.  He said "what's Sierra Nevada?, is that a beer?"   Where the hell did they find this server?  Are you serious?  How do you not know what Sierra Nevada is??  He goes to the bar to ask what it is, he comes back and says "its a brown ale, like octoberfest"  I ask: "Is it Tumble?"  He says, "oh yeah, thats what they called it."  Ok, how the hell do you forget the name of the beer from the bar to my table, its like 20 feet!  This server is the dumbest thing ever...  I hope this kid falls face first into the fryer.   Then we ask him how a few things are:  He says, "the burger is ok, thats my style."  Then he proceeds to tell me "Well, i sold a lot of this, and a lot of that."  Look sparky, i didnt ask how sales were, i want to know whats good.  If a parade of fools came in and ordered 200 poopwiches, that makes them a good seller, still doesnt make them good!  CaPish? I ordered the Veggie Sandwich... The eggplant was soggy, the bread was burnt (see my pic)...  the carrot slaw was SO covered in garlic crap, that it was not edible.  I didnt even eat a quarter of the food.  They cleared the plate without even asking how it was.  Seriously... i cannot fathom ever going back to this place.  I wish i could give this less than 1 star.... it deserves  a -5.  Epic Fail.
This is a long one but I think you will get some good info....I hope. I had a blast at the Duce on Saturday night. However I don't think the Duce had anything to do with it. I was there to see super happy fun time burlesque show. It was amazing! The only reason the Duce received 3 stars instead of 2 is because they allowed this show to go on. Lets start from the beginning. Parking - Free valet - Awe-some! I had read past reviews that said parking was an issue. I am not sure if the free valet is for show nights only or if it's just a fix based on past reviews. Either way it's good work!Entering the Duce- It is pretty cool to walk into the outside. You really can not tell you are still outside unless you look up. The decor is old school and I love it. You order your food in the first leg of the Duce race. It's a little streamline trailer that cooks the food. When we arrived we stood in quite a line. Everyone coming in or leaving were bumping into you in line because the douchy scottsdale people decided they would stand and fist bump each other right in the middle of the isle way. I really felt like I was in Scottsdale for a minute. I mean they had tons of seating in that area that wasn't in the direct path of EVERYONE. I guess they wouldn't have been noticed as much though. Uhhh this is why I stick to Phoenix. They shouldn't be allowed in our hood! ;)Food - We ordered our food and it suuuuuucked. We got the brisket sliders and the sweet potato chips. They put brown sugar on the sweet potato chips! They need salt to balance them....not more sugar. The sliders had a sauce that was not pleasant at all...even my partner in crime did not like them and he eats anything. * read below about the horrible employee who takes your food order. Saving Grace- Pudding Cake with banana, walnuts and whipped cream on top. Oh my .... it was one of the best deserts I have ever had. It wasn't too sweet but just the right yum a yum yum. That same partner in crime is not a fan of sweets but he helped me with it. I was bummed because I wanted to try the baked apple pancake but they said they didn't have it. So I got the pudding cake and I am happy I did. Next you enter the bar area. It's your typical bar area with an old B of a bartender. Thank goodness I got the nice guy. I was able to order my drinks really quick even though the place was pretty crowded. I decided to try something different and went with a Moscow Mule. It was really good! They do not skimp on the alcohol which is fantastic for all involved. They are all made in super cute mason jars and garnished to eye catching perfection. They also use a lot of fresh fruit etc. Awesome! One of the best I have experienced. Then you move into the boxing ring/ store area. They have vintage military items and old girly trinkets. It's very cool. They didn't have any of the lights on to buy anything which I thought was crazy. I would have spent a ton but oh well. Then the show went on in the boxing ring. The show was awesome!Later on in the night I wanted a strawberry lemonade so I went to where we ordered our food because that is where you get the fresh lemonade. The same two people were there and one had 5 people she was helping at her little mixed drink bar and the other was just standing by the lemonade. So I asked her can I get a drink from you? She said in a nasty tone "not a mixed drink". I said how about a strawberry lemonade? She said NOPE you need to get it from her. I was thinking how weird that was because she was standing by the lemonade and just needed to grab 2 strawberries. But I guess I was interrupting her doing nothing. So I slid back over to the line and the nice lady put 2 strawberries in my cup and that stupid younger girl with the blackish/reddish bob brought over a glass of lemonade! WTF?!? The only reason she did that is because the bartender supervisor/manager guy had come over to check on things. I was so pissed. Lazy! Avoid Her!!!Oh, and I am dying to know why the owner was interrupting the leader of the group at the end of the show. He looked mad so it was either he was mad it ran a bit over or it was too much. I think he was mad it ran late. I mean who wants to make a ton of money and only have to stay open until 12:00am?So to sum it all up - Service terribleFood- TerribleEnvironment - Good Parking - Good
The first few times I went to Windsor, I didn't love it. There was nothing wrong, it was just... I think this place is a guy hangout. It feels masculine. Not in a sports bar kind of way, but more like a place two friends that are guys regularly go to have a beer that don't want to drink bud light at a dive. Over time, the $5 pitchers of beer before 5pm have won me over. In addition to the great happy hour, they make some pretty spectacular drinks. The Number 17 is so refreshing. Manny is a fabulous bartender. They also have a few vegan food options - a sandwich and a mixed grain salad in addition to some sides. All have been fresh and tasty. I love that during nice weather they can open the place up, and the patio is great. The bathrooms are pretty cool as well. The parking is the real drawback. You either have to valet, which fortunately is complimentary, or try to find a spot on the residential streets that won't end up getting you towed..Overall I give Windsor a 3.5-4.0 stars.
I am in love...with Zoe's grilled feta sandwich. Everytime my co-workers and I go for lunch, I always tell myself I am going to try something else on the menu...and then I don't because I don't want to cheat on the grilled feta. My sandwich is always toasted perfectly and the tomato on the sandwich helps tone down the feta just a touch. The pasta salad is my favorite of the sides to get. I tried the potato salad once and was not wowed by it at all. For almost $9 which buys a drink, sandwich, side and chips, I always leave contently full.As a warning, if you don't like feta cheese, this may not be the place for you. About 99% of the items on the menu contain it.
Oregano's is home to the Great Dessert War of '02. The skirmish began when the then named Bazookie was placed on the dinner table. The Bazookie as describe by the menu is "a 1/2 pound of Chocolate Chip dough, slightly baked in a 6-inch pizza pan then topped with 3 scoops of vanilla bean ice cream." Things started out with the appropriate amount of consideration for the other diner til the first bite was consumed. A fire was noticed in each others eye. Utensils soon became weapons. Ground was won and lost. The battleground was a deep dish pizza pie pan that was spun numerous times in order to gain advantage for the best and perfect bite. Spoon fulls of warm cookie dough were knocked down back onto the table to be taken away... It turned ugly quick. No offers of sharing or giving the last bite. It was fought for tooth and nail. The dessert was THAT GOOD. I would go back to Phoenix for this dish alone. And the pizza? It is a pizza joint, but that's not what we talk about or remember. The pizza was good, but not on the level of the dessert. Freshly baked chocolate chip cookie dough and vanilla ice cream!!!! What more do you people need???
"metro invites guests to experience rustic, artisanal and heartfelt french country cooking with influences from the american south. As much as possible, we proudly create products in house or source from purveyors that are not only friends, but reputable artisans in their own right."  Metro brasserie is the only French eatery in old town Scottsdale, though there are other competitors such as Zinc, Voltaire, and Christopher's. Stick with Metro, because here you will experience French with a southern flair. The chef is french canadian but lived in Louisiana for a spell - hence you are getting French cooking with a southern twist. If you are looking for good French farm house fare, you will find it here. From braised pork cheeks to duck breast and chicken fried sweetbreads - your taste buds will run the gamut of pickled vegetables, cold cuts, pates, and mussels.  Expect small portions on appetizers, ranging from $8-$21. Love fried green tomatoes? I do :) here you get a whole three, fried with so much cornmeal that you can barely taste tomato, but the accompanying blue crab and remoulade sauce make up for it. Dishes change seasonally, so don't come here looking for beef burgundy and bouillabasse in summer. The brasserie burger, voted best in the valley, is a must!  With sauce gribiche, smoked Visalia, and gruyere, it is a unique twist on the American fave, and it may rank up there with the most consuming passion I have ever felt for a finger food.  At $12, the consensus is it's the best burger in old town!  On the opposite end of this food spectrum is the "potage of English pea" woaw! Kevin Wooton, bartender extraordinaire, sums it up in one word: earthy. My dining companion and consummate food critic, Anthony Crain claims, "I feel like I tripped and fell headfirst into a patch of moss, perhaps there was even an earthworm in it."  If your palate is not so adventurous, head straight to the bar and stay there. I am a big fan of their lavish and inventive $10 cocktail menu. Currently, I am sipping on a raspberry presse (chambord, orange blossom honey, lemon wedges, raspberries, and soda water) many of their cocktails were made famous half a century ago, sip some nostalgia here. An old classic is the "corpse reviver" (gin 209, cointreau, lillet blanc, absinthe, lemon juice, and amarena cherry)  For first timers, bartender Kevin Wooton recommends the "ramos gin fizz" (hayman's old tom gin, lemon juice, orange flower water, vanilla, cream, egg white, and soda water).  There is a reverse happy hour after 10p, the bill is 20% off if you are in the industry. $5 recession specials are all day, such as belvedere, tanqueray, and dewars scotch.Last but not least, the breakfast menu is extensive, the late night menu is available until 2a, and you can't leave here before you have had one of their beignets with nutella and raspberry coulis.  Sweet Jesus, they are divine!Come here on an empty stomach, prepare yourself for a culinary adventure into France, and the dirty south.  And if at all possible, make sure Kevin is at the bar.  He is incredibly knowledgeable about not just the fabulous cocktail concoctions, but also the food and history of the place. Kudos for Kevin!
Recently transplanting here from Northern California, where farms and organic produce are everywhere, I got excited about going to a restaurant here in Phoenix that has its own organic farm and within the city to boot. At first, I thought I was going to have to drive beyond the city but, no, happily it's not far from downtown.We got there about 5:30pm and got a little tour of the property first, and it's quaint, rustic, and very welcoming, so of course it is a place after my own heart. I could hang out in the courtyards with a cool glass of lemonade, some of their fresh baked breads, and a good book, all afternoon.There was three of us and we ordered the Farmer's Feast which is basically a cornucopia of dishes the chef creates. For each of the six courses, each of us got our own dish, so we could sample and try each others. So yeah, if you do some math, that is 18 different dishes total. The awesome thing though is that each plate is small and I did not feel like I had to be rolled out of there.Since there are way too many dishes to talk about, on my food blog you can see almost all the food we ate. http://bit.ly/dy0AFX The fennel lemon bread was absolutely divine. They bake all the breads in this huge oven outside and so I must come back when they are baking.I would have given this place 5 stars but all three of the meat dishes we got were meh. In fact, the lamb chops I got were way too on the bloody side. But hey, they got 5 out of 6 courses on the money so that's pretty awesome.Quiessence is a great place to take your sweetie for a charming evening, friends or family who are into organics and supporting local producers, and parents or the elders visiting from out of town.
the toddy here is exceptional. i asked for a iced americano and the barista suggested i give the iced coffee a try, so i obliged and it was exceptional. just the look for it made me inquire. "how do you make the iced coffee here?" she started to explain, and i was like.. "ahh so it's a toddy". i'm all over this place now. 2.20 for a 20oz iced coffee..what?? yea..
Seriously the best damn huevos rancheros in the valley. Get them with salsa, it is so spicy and delicious, and the hashbrowns.. Forget about it!  I went today for breakfast. 37 minutes round trip. Awesome.
If Berkeley and Santa Monica had sex after an intense Bikram yoga session and then took a long shower, you'd have the Mandala Tea Room. And I mean that in the nicest way possible.A lot of stereotypes come into mind when you walk into this place: Crunchy vibe. Deep Forest-ish music. At least one thing from India on the wall. Words like "vegan" and "elixir" floating around. That said, being where I'm from, I'm used to all this stuff. Except here at Mandala there is no overpowering patchouli smell. Nor roaches tittering about. Success!We sat in the corner of the room, leaning back on throw pillows at a low table. Our friendly and warmly welcoming server, who was glowing with health and good cheer probably because she hasn't eaten anything deep fried in a decade, presented us with menus. I chose a Rooibos Chai (no caffeine)."I'm sorry. We're out."I then chose another normal-ish tea with no caffeine."I'm sorry. We're also out of that one." So apparently Mandala has 54 teas and I'm having a good knack of picking out the 4 they don't have in stock. Which was briefly disconcerting. I'm a chai and kawa (green tea) drinker by birth and all this fruity tea business that was left to choose from wasn't all that appealing to me, but I had no choice and ended up going with one. It arrived in a French press, and then I noticed a whole bunch were also on sale on a shelf next to me for $30 (talk about clever cross-marketing and insane profit margins - maybe Mandala's not so Berkeley after all). And after a few drops of organic agave nectar, the tea tasted pretty good, I'll admit.We also got dessert, which I was initially skeptical about. I got the vegan coconut cake because that meant no worries on the drive home. Esteemed dining companion had raw berry pie, which actually felt and tasted like a gelatinous smoothie. Which sounds pretty nasty, but it was really damn good. Believe me. And so was my cake, surprisingly enough (tasty, not nasty). Now, I'm not turning vegan anytime soon, but I can certainly appreciate when vegan's done well. We then relaxed amongst the pillows and hung out for a long while, waxing about life's possibilities while drunkards walked past outside, trying to find Devil's Martini. Ah, the poor souls. Trying to find their nirvana in a pair of fake mamms and the ragas of Usher and T-Pain. But more power to them...Anyway, where was I? Oh yeah. I noticed that Mandala has free WiFi, which is a  bonus for folks who want to work in a quieter environment. However, the place closes at 9 most nights, which for the laptop WiFi crowd is basically 3 in the afternoon. That, not so great.But in the end, as a place so close to some of the most obnoxious places in Scottsdale, I'm amazed Mandala's managed to remain as it is for so long. Definitely recommended for those who like tea (except apparently the teas I want) and a chilled out atmosphere smack in the middle of old town Scottsdale. I don't see myself coming here all too often, because something about spending $5 on hot water with leaves is a little hard for me to reconcile, but Mandala is still quality product.3.75 stars (round up to 4)
I would categorize this place as a glorified bar food type of place. They have sandwiches, salads, apps and drinks! I sipped a few bloody mary's since I hit the sauce the night before and they were so good. I usually don't order them or anything that isn't sparkling or straight up but they were fantastic and spicy!The 'rents and I picked at this dip plate that was so fantastic just go try it. No words. Then I dove into the crab cake sandwich. Holy crap was that phenom. It's huge too (____'s what ____ said). I had the kale salad on the side and that was freaking awesome as well. Not to say that I didn't have high hopes for this place but as a Postino regular I wasn't dying to hit this place up. Now I'm dying to go back. I love the patio. It's like sitting in someones back yard. And who doesn't love a wall full of cassette tapes? What else is one to do with their collection? Loves!!!
When we read that the head baker at Simply Bread was part of the USA team that upset the European favorites and won the Coupe de Monde de la Boulangerie in 2005, we had to check it out.  You can get Simply Bread at AJ's and fine restaurants like Binkley's but we wanted to get right to the source.They happened to be doing a promotion on mini rolls which was just perfect for us, given how indecisive we tend to be when presented with such variety.  We got:-  Walnut raisin: my favorite when done right and it was here - complex  flavor from the long fermented dough, filled with thoughtfully sourced walnuts and raisins-  Black bean and corn: savory and nice crunchy texture from the cornmeal on top - good enough to eat on its own- Sundried tomato: tasty and tangy  -  Challah twist: pillowy soft with a hint of sweetness Ah Simply Bread...  simply delicious...
The Tuck Shop's owners have done something absolutely right. They have taken a modern space within a quiet transitional neighborhood, and turned it into a hip and delicious find, that if your not looking for it, you may just drive right by. Great places, with excellent food & ambiance should be hard to find. There shoudn't be a giant blinking neon sign, you should just happen upon it because your friend told you the secret route. The Tuck Shop delivers with top quality and innovative foods filling their menu, and thats the reward for your journey.After visits on three different occasions, I can honestly say that for independent restaurants destinations here in the Valley, Tuck Shop is at the top of my list.
This is a simple addendum to my original review. Came here for the UYE, and like last time, Casey was a great host, and recommended me a glass which, once it had some time to breathe, was smooth and complex simultaneously. "Talladega Nights" was replaced by some random movie starring Cameron Diaz and Ewan McGregor (anyone?) and a good number of folks were there for Wino Wednesdays, hanging out and having a good time. Very Cheers-ish, but with wine glasses. No REO Speedwagon on the stereo this time, though. Alas. But seriously, the scene at Centro is so non-pretentious it's hard to believe they actually have wine here. Me? I seriously would be a regular here if I lived closer.Also: this time, I engaged in some food-eating. Yes! The complimentary apps (traditional bruschetta and one piece of toast with some goat cheese) were good and my chicken panini with sweet potato chips were mighty fine and tasty. Genuinely friendly service, which given some other recent experiences in this city, was definitely appreciated. All in all, a definite hidden gem in central Scottsdale. Without the "Scottsdale".
A tiny, old gas station turned sandwich shop that sits right next to Pioneer Memorial Park & Cemetery is a hot-spot for near-by state gov workers and Capitol lurkers. After doing a quick Google search of Old Station, I came across a short piece from the New Times about the history of this needle-in-a-haystack.  The building sat on Jefferson Street since 1926, beginning its life as a Mobile gas station and includes the best display of historic Arizona license plates in the state.  While you wait for your sandwich, look at the front wall and check out the array of AZ license plates dating back to 1912!  Pretty cool.  Oh, and the subs are pretty darn good too. There are approximately 30 sub variations, along with daily soup specials, fruit bowls, chips and the much beloved Rice Krispy Treats!  There is a nice outdoor patio in the back and a sufficient number of tables inside, which is surprising based on the small square footage of the place. Lunch time is busy, but the staff keep things moving and always with a smile.  They also serve breakfast -- burritos and subs. Check it out sometime; you'll get some good eats and a great sense of history in a town where history is sometimes lacking.
Taka-Takamatsu style, Takamatsu style!Heyyyyy yummy Kim-Chi!Heyyyyy some Bulgogi beef please!Heyyyyy with some vegetable Japchae!Taka-Takamatsu style, Takamatsu style!Voted best Korean restaurant in 2011!  I think I enjoyed it the second time around.  Takamatsu is located on the Northwest corner of Arizona Ave. and Elliot.  Signage is poor, but once you find this gem you won't be disappointed.  Taka-Takamatsu style, Takamatsu style offers up Happy Hour daily and some locations have a full on sushi bar.  I would recommend going to Takamatsu's for Korean BBQ.  (Warning you will smell like Korean BBQ after enjoying some Korean BBQ!)We ordered the Bulgogi beef, Japchae or sweet potato noodles, Haemul Pa Jeon or I like to call it Korean pancakes, and finally some seafood tofu soup.  Like the song, I don't know what the heck I just said!  The Bulgogi beef we cooked ourselves on the BBQ grill in the middle of the table.  Overall, we did a fine job and made sure we didn't burn off all the marinated sauce.  This was the first time I had the Japchae noodles and I thought they were pretty good, but reminded me of the Thai dish Pad See Ew.  The Korean "pancakes" were never my favorite unless it came with whip cream and strawberries and someone from a place called IHOP made it!  I think it fills my belly and that's about it.  Finally, the tofu soup is my overall favorite Korean dish of all especially on a chilly night!  The broth mixed with my bowl of rice is the best.  Steaming hot with a blast of flavors and spices; it warms my soul - Seafood Tofu Soup for the Asian soul, I'm working on the book haha! - Enjoy!
Rosita's is awesome. I lived 2 blocks from here during my undergrad ASU days and it was my favorite place to get my Mexican food fix. There's nothing better in this part of Tempe as far as Mexican's concerned so I have no idea what some of the other reviewers are complaining about. Great salsa too.
I never would have even considered eating at this bar, but my friend tried it out first and said they had awesome burgers.  I trusted her judgement and off my classmates and I went to celebrate finishing our final final of med school.  I had the Royale with bacon.  This is one of those places you don't feel hosed for buying an $8 burger; it was huge and tasty.  The fries were definitely from real potatoes and overcooked a little so they were crispy the way I like them.  And our server was very nice and on the ball, although I think we were the only people eating or at the bar area for that matter.I've also been here for libations, to celebrate with a bunch of friends while there was a band playing and I had a pretty good time.  They have a variety of beers on tap which is always nice.  They have some betting thing going on that keeps a bunch of regulars down on the lower level by the stage.  They have a separate pool room and a smoking room.  I definitely liked the separate sections of the bar. I will definitely go back if I have the opportunity!
Most overrated place in Gilbert for 2008 goes to Oregano's. The pizza sucks. The pastas are great. Especially the 6 inch Ravioli. The hostess and wait staff have been sometimes rude and annoying. If you want pizza, go to Grimaldi's. Because this place is so overrated, there is always an ungodly wait to be seated. Don't even waste your time. There are better places.
The first time I ate here last year I would have given them 5 stars, but tonight they got 1 star for the following reasons.1. It took over an hour to get our appetizer and food.  Our appetizer came out only moments before our food.2. It took another 45 mins to get our check and leave3. The waiter barely touched our tableThe only plus is that complaining to the manager is that we got our appetizer comped.Needless to say we're never coming back.
I'm a huge fan of Greek food.  I've been to Athens, and I loved it there.  And believe it or not, I like "express" aka fast casual restaurants where you order at the counter and they bring your food to the table.So, when I found myself downtown and hungry for lunch, heading over to Athenian Express was a no-brainer.  I can't say that I'll be rushing back, but it was fine... it delivered on what I was in the mood for on that day.Lunch pricing is super affordable and portions are large.  The Greek Salad was nothing special - I've definitely had better (but I've had worse too). **One key thing to note: I do not recommend adding chicken to your salad.  It's not the greatest quality chicken.  If you do go here, stick with the vegetarian options.
What a strange experience.  I went in to buy a single slice of pizza at 7pm.  The place looked closed, but the "OPEN" sign was lit and I wanted to support the local downtown Chandler shop.  (I had been here two years ago and had a total disaster of an experience.  I knew the place had to have new owners by now.)I stopped in, ordered my slice with pineapple for $2.49 and got a can of Diet Coke."$4.24." says the nice lady behind the counter.  So, I gave her my credit card.  The bill I signed said $4.94.  I thought I might have heard her wrong at the beginning, so as she heated my pizza in the microwave, I asked a man, presumably her husband, what the story was.As I suspected, they charged me extra for charging such a small purchase.  No problem, but I would have preferred to have been made aware before I used the card.So, while I wait, I pop open my Diet Coke and it had no flavor. (We have this same problem at the office.  You buy a bunch of diet soda from Sam's Club and by the time you drink it, it is like bad club soda.)  So, at first I thought to myself, I don't want to bother this guy, but then I thought to myself, "These people work damn hard, they are trying to start a business.  They would want to know that there soda is bad."So, I said to the man, "I think the soda has expired.  It has no taste."  I didn't ask for a refund and I was going to let it slide.  I just needed something to wash down the pizza.Well, this really pissed the guy off, so he turns to the woman warming my pizza and says, "Put a hold on that order!"  He pulls out five bucks out of the register, hands it to me, and non-verbally indicated that I should get out of his restaurant.Now, I was willing to put up with:- expired, flavorless soda- microwave pizza- a 20% surcharge on my bill without my knowledge.and this guy kicks me out of his restaurant!I try so hard to be pro-small-business, pro-local-guy, but this was like a Twilight Zone episode.Ironically, when I went here two years ago, I had an equally strange encounter.  Now, it is possible that the immigrant owners did not understand that I was just trying to clarify the credit card issue for future reference and my complaint about the soda was just to warn him and help any future customers.  But, I was in a bit of a hurry already and I didn't want to dig any deeper.  Honestly, I feel bad for the couple.  I'm sure they are working hard, but maybe they aren't made for the pizza business.  I hope it works out because frankly I'd like to see them succeed and having a pizza place in Downtown Chandler makes a ton of sense.
Had a great lunch here with my friends Sherry and Brandon. The two owners (I am guessing here, but father and son?) were very friendly and attentive. I had the baba ganouj pita with lettuce and tomato, and everyone else's food looked great (a chicken pita sandwhich and amazing looking lentil soup). I was throroughly entertained by a middle eastern television show (satellite I guess?), and the great mix of locals and business people. The market section is also great- you'll find loads of bottled cooking oils, spices, pickles and other pickled veggies, canned eggplant, cous cous and pastas, as well a fridge section with nice looking prepared foods. Will definitely return!
Excellent, authentic soul food.  This restaurant is an old Phoenix institution and a hallmark of our city's relatively small African-American community. If you can't guess it already, you'll figure out why it's called the "Golden Rule" cafe when it comes time to pay the bill. My cholesterol level can't afford frequent trips to this place otherwise I'd be here far more often. The gravy is yummy.
it was girls night out - dinner before going to see chelsea handler perform at comerica theatre.first thought as we entered was the place was quaint, clean, good music, and empty - we were the second table to be sat for dinner at 5:15.    we ordered drinks - all rum, by the way - a couple of the gals were shocked that a rum bar didn't serve vodka, so we were off to a great start....My Mojito Ponganot was amazing and that is the only good thing I have left to say about this place.we ordered appetizers: the oven roasted plantains - just meh and we also ordered the fresh baked patty - one tilapia and one spinach. I thought the crust was a bit on the dry side - two of us 4 thought they were good - good enough to order another one - which ended up never being served to us.the major disappointment was the one entree that we made this trip for was "sold out"  - hmmm   we were the second table to be seated - the other table hadn't ordered yet and what is it you ask that they "sold out" of - why the popcho & sweet ginger - basically baby bok choy - wow now that is an ingredient you can't find oh, i don't know EVERYWHERE.....???   we ended up eating salads - which were good, fresh, but frankly could have made just as easily at home.   the bread that was offered and not on menu and therefore assumed to come with the meal was breadsticks with a hint of vanilla - good, but 2 sticks for almost $5 - no thanks. the kicker was when we asked them to call us a cab...we sat for 10 minutes and nothing - we asked again and finally this time saw them pick up a phone.   we were then told we could sit outside to free up the table - this was after paying our $200 tab.  I have never had this occur at a restaurant.  yes, i know it was a friday night, but we were finishing our drinks, we had paid and tipped WELL and think that they could afford to have us sit there for 10 minutes waiting on a cab they forgot to call.I "might" have returned even based on the lackluster food - just for the drink, but I can certainly say after the rudeness we would never return
Getting waitlisted for a trip to the Galapagos might be easier than getting back to City Bakery.  They are NOT open on weekends and are only open for 4 hours, so I had to wait for a time that I was Downtown during the day and hop on one foot.  (It's actually south of downtown in an industrial / semi-sketchy neighborhood.)These sandwiches are AMAZING, and I mean "amazing" in a "I'm glad City Bakery's location and hours are completely inconvenient, because I would go broke" sort of way.Sure, they're upscale and a bit pricey, but what's not to like about Arcadia Farms sandwiches ($9), salads ($10) and baked goods?  While other Arcadia Farms places seem to attract a more ladies-who-lunch crowd, City Bakery definitely attracts a more downtown professional crowd, and they cater to them with minimalist modern decor and CNN piped in on TVs throughout.I couldn't decide which sandwich I LOVED better - the muffuleta, the curry chicken or the turkey brie.  If I were to choose I would have to say the muffuleta - with its nearly perfect ciabatta, savory Italian meats, provolone, olive tapenade and sundried tomatoes (which was a tasty surprise).  Shannon is right on about the olive spread -- it IS addictive.  And there are four sandwich choices for vegetarians.As if that wasn't enough they have a full menu of baked goods.  Uh, hello, this is a bakery.  With the awesome sandwiches you almost forget to leave room for the cookies, cupcakes and tarts.  I took a chocolate chip to go, because, well, I'm a sucker for cookies, and it ended up being just as incredible and sinfully decadent as I thought.MINUSES:  The bookstore and Bentley art galleries were closed when we went - perhaps that's seasonal?    We were served by a very cute and adept waitress, but the drinks did take about 10 minutes,  That would be my only complaint.  It's minimal at worst, but everything else overcame this flaw.  I'll definitely be back.
I went here about two weeks ago with a fair-sized group of my coworkers, and was not disappointed. The restaurant is a little tricky to spot and turn into, if you don't know what the outside of the building looks like...here's a brief description! It is a little red and white building, with a small, low-to-the ground sign...it's on the north side of the street, after the complex with the Chipotle and Corelone's. I see a lot of complaints about the parking, but my party and I dined during a considerable lunch rush and didn't experience any difficulties navigating the parking lot or finding a space. We walked in to find a moderately full restaurant...and only marginally capable staff. The girl at the front in charge of seating was curt and rude upon our arrival, but changed her tune when she realized we had a reservation. Once we were seated, however, the rest of the staff was great and it was easy to forgive the girl's lack of pleasant customer service and competency. In other words, don't be put off by an icy first-face, if you encounter it. A note: in order to secure a reservation, you must have a party of ten. However, they will seat you if your party has only partially arrived. Just a hint! Our whole party did eventually arrive, but they were happy to seat us with just 3. The inside of the restaurant is "hip." I liked the level of lighting inside and loved the bar chairs. Between all of us at the table, I think we tried a little bit of everything, and everyone seemed very pleased with the pricing and quality of the pizza and other entrees. I myself ordered the Yukon Gold pizza, which is very similar to the potato pizza found at Humble Pie. Just as tasty, no better and no worse, which is definitely praise considering how much I love Humble Pie's version. The pizza was a little charred, but I don't know that I've had a pizza with this kind of crust that wasn't a bit on the blackened side. I didn't see any "cougars" or "DBs," but, then again, I was there at lunch time. I mostly saw nondescript professionals and a few gabbing girlfriends with "My Sister's Closet" bags. I'm not sure that I completely understand the scorn about the restaurant being "found out" and "taken over" - are you really going to dinner to catalogue the other patrons? Weird...! I'm sure, whatever kind of person you are, you will fit in just fine.
This was one of my stops tonight for First Friday.  I didn't even notice the place, when Dottsy shouted out "OMG Tammie Coe!"I instantly creamed because I had been wanting to try a treat from here forever!It cracked me up that I walked in, the only patron, and had to give my name and order to a boy standing near the door, then give the order to the cashier to fill.  I could see if it were busy, but we were the only ones here.I got the Gooey cupcake - dark chocolate (like my men! HA!) with a creamy frosting.How many ways are there to say DIVINE?????  The first bite was moist and the frosting was just right - not too sweet or soft.  It didn't get stuck all over my lip.They have Pellegrino in a bottle, so I got that too.  There's even a bottle opener on the wall!  How cool is that?Dottsy got a brownie and I had a bite.  WHOA.  A brownie that was still mushy-gushy and melting in your mouth. Just the way I like 'em!  I can't wait to get a cake!I may (if I ever choose to breed) name my first-born (boy or girl) Tammie Coe.
A couple friends and I came here during AZ Eats. It was a chance for us to get venture to something outside of our norm (Postino's or Switch). We made reservations and showed up right on time. The place was packed and we wound up waiting for about an hour before we got a table, but we got to sit at the bar and enjoy some great wine.We each tried sometihng different and everything was great! Unique flavors, great presentation, great staff. We had a really wonderful dinner! My favorite part? The s'mores with bacon and peanut butter mouse. A-MAZ-ING
I'm with J C. on this. The chef was pretty entertaining, but not enough to equate the price I just paid. I also ordered my teriyaki steak mid-rare and received it mid-well. Husband's steak was drenched in butter and salt. One of the other patrons at our table asked for his steak without mushrooms. The chef was about to pour the mushrooms onto his plate until the dude reminded him that he didn't want them. The chef quickly redirected the pile mushrooms onto another dude's plate, which already had his fair share of veggies. What steak lover really wants extra vegetables? He didn't look pleased as he shoved them over so he could continue cutting his steak.I don't know if I looked especially pale that day to where the waiter thought I was so parched, but he was constantly bringing me drink refills. After finishing my first glass of coke, I asked for green tea, yet he brought me another coke. When he realized his mistake, he brought out my green tea and, about ten minutes later, another coke so I had two cokes and a green tea. He doubled me on my cokes at least one more time during the meal, not to mention leaving my empty green tea cup each time. I started pushing the new cokes to the girl next to me so I didn't look like I had a drinking problem. It was a nice conversation starter. Unfortunately, she drinks diet, so she wasn't very appreciative. We ended up asking the waiter why he kept bringing them and he said "It looked like it was getting watered down with the ice melting." Oh. Interesting. I guess it's better than him never bringing me refills? But not by much.By the end of the night, I should have had their birthday song memorized. Literally every single teppanyaki table had someone with a birthday at it. Apparently this is the place to go for birthdays? Personally, I'll be skipping Benihana for mine.
My friend & I just had to try this place to see what all the hype was about & to see if it was really pizza worth waiting 3 hours for? Our verdict was NO. Not sure if we are able to give a fair review due to waiting 3 hours, being starving & having super high expectations. We both agreed that we would never wait 3 hours again for this place or any other restaurant for that master. It was just ridiculous. We ordered the Marguerita pizza & although we did agree that the crust was light & thin we again didn't think it was worth waiting 3 hours for. It also seems ridiculous  that they won't seat people & serve them at the huge picnic tables outside- they could cut the wait time way down by doing that.
3 1/2 stars for dear old Lenny. I want to say that I am a fan , and it pains me to not be a fan. But after many minutes of deep soul searching, I have come to a realization . I go to Lenny's for the peanut butter shakes. there i said it. It's true. I  thought I was going because its  of its old time,   hole in the wall  flavor or the friendly neighborhood service. Because it has a charm . But I now know that  all we are  or ever will be is shake buddies.
My only complaint about Short Leash is that they don't follow me around town in the food cart, which means I cannot eat delicious hot dog concoctions all day! How unfair is that?!?Well, Amber... we all know you are a VEGAN, so why do you want to be followed around by a hot dog cart? Well, Reader... Short Leash has VEGGIE DOGS! That is right... this delicious, convenient, amazing food cart has VEGGIE DOGS!The bread, however, is not vegan. But that is fine, because they chop up your wiener into little bite sized pieces and load it up with one of the many (50+??) ingredients they have available. And when you don't get it with bread, you get two!I top my double wiener with pinto beans, sauteed onions, green chilies, jalapenos, and tomatoes. I'm going to come up with a name and have them name one special after me.Excellent customer service, positive vibe, delicious, high-quality ingredients, and I legally get to say wiener six times in 1 review!Wiener wiener wiener!
It was hard for me to believe that a non-American convenience food (similar to the Indian samosas) could become so popular in Phoenix. This restaurant gives me a new perspective, and I think that a fast-food nation could in fact get elegantly poised over a hot plate of Cornish heaven. Such is the power of this convenience food. The bangers and mash is the closest to the original recipe of the pasty and therefore is a must try. 'The Italian' is scrumptious but is not the smartest thing to go in for at a British eatery. For a more wholesome meal a side of mushy peas seasoned with salt and pepper is a good order. The decadent mix of colonial English interiors and ultramodern music weaves magic on Pasty Company customers, making them want to come back time and again.
Out in Verrado, the options are limited, very very limited when it comes to  dining (actually when it comes to just about anything).  We dined at Grazie while visiting a friend who moved to East LA (aka Verrado).The setting/ambiance and location all were very pretty, serene and sweet.  The service was pretty slow considering there weren't that many people in the restaurant but not terribly bad. The food was just another boutique pizza experience.  We order the Piata Misto (assorted Italian cured meats and cheeses)-- I've had better, the quality wasn't that great and the cheese came in all these itty bitty cubes.  then we ordered about 5 different pizzas, they were good, not great.    The dessert though made me want to do cartwheels, it was the Dolce Della Casa and I want to eat one of these everyday for the rest of my life. So, would I eat at Grazie regularly? No.  Would I eat it if I were out in Verrado again?  Yes.
Daily Dose Definitively Delivered Downright Deliciousness.While sitting on the patio with a fubar of Yelpers I kept seeing the "DD" logo with it's overlapping D's and red background and thinking it looked really familiar.  Isn't that the logo for the Marvel comic DareDevil?  You remember that right?  Occasional guest in the Spiderman series, subject of yet another godawful Ben Affleck movie?  That DareDevil?So these folks provided outstanding service (Thanks Tina!-she remembered every person by first name and even caught on when I was trying to slip my charges under Brian's name) and excellent food!  The Yelper special was a great bonus!  Thanks to Donald S for hooking up the UYE and the special with the owner!  I'm sure we made up for any loss from the special with lots of alcohol.The burger (.5 Kobe beef, .5 high quality other beef) was really good and the pretzel style bun was a nice touch.
There is certainly a certain amount of novelty attached to Yogurtini.  It's a little bit Jetsons as you pass the clear (glass or fiberglass, I don't know) floor to ceiling panel, grab a bowl and select your ice cream from multiple soft-serve dispensers on the wall. There are a variety of flavors and a little mini cups to taste ones you want to try.  Then come the toppings! It is far too hard for me not to resist getting chocolate ice cream and then smothering it with chocolate-y and candy treats.  There is also fresh fruit for people who have stronger wills than me when it comes to chocolate.The whole concept is that you fill up on ice cream and toppings and then weigh your bowl at the end...charged by the ounce.  It's not a bad plan...but then again, there is a certain novelty to it...so hopefully the novelty won't wear off.The interior is mostly mint green and the inside seating seems very mod patio-furniture, but the multiple toppings, multiple ice cream flavors, and not too horrible of a price (since you usually can estimate the weight of your own bowl) make it okay.I couldn't go here every week (but I'm not a super ice cream person), but it is a nice treat!Oh, ps, I guess I've been calling it ice cream, but it's technically frozen yogurt...it's frozen...and in my book, unless it's gelato, it's all ice cream to me!
I had been wanting to try Culinary Dropout for a good while, last night the opportunity finally struck and I was not let down. Kristen and I went with our three favorite couples to celebrate an engagement, we decided to arrive at six thirty because they do not take reservations (I will never understand why restaurants choose to not accept them). Once seventy five percent of your party is there you get a little buzzer and your name on the list.       We found our friends sitting at the outside bar and joined them for some drinks. The bar is pretty awesome, there were several bartenders, so you never needed more than a little eye contact for quick service, and they have a ton of beers and specialty cocktails on the menu, from fruity and sweet to harsh and alocoholy. The seats were fairly plentiful and comfy, and there are also lounge seats all around the bar area for the outside dining, I thought the layout and design was attractive and used the limited space wisely, I'd love to come back for an outside lunch. The bartenders and waiters were friendly and attentive, all good looking (of course, Scottsdale) and all of our drinks (from beers to martinis to fruity stuff) were delicious and not too overpriced, I mean, they were overpriced, but not quite Scottsdale overpriced. So far, so good. We paid the tab and headed inside.       The atmosphere inside is awesome. I hope to someday open a restaurant, so when I enter a new business I eat it up, I devour the place, I pick apart the ambiance, the lighting, the noise level, the architecture and design, everything, and I really like Culinary Dropout. The tables are huge, slabs of hard, rough wood, very rustic and western, it is dimly lit with modern (not too loud) music playing, there is a surprising amount of room and lots of space for big party's, they have a stage for live music (awesome), Culinary Dropout really surprised me.       I will spare critiquing each meal and just stick with Kristen and I's, but just to be fair, two in our group had the beer battered fish and chips, one had the pub burger, one had the fried chicken and two had the shaved prime rib dip, and none complained.       Our group shared both the house potato chips, which were very tasty and fried just right, and the onion dip was flavorful, not some run of the mill dip, and the soft pretzel and provolone fondue, which was fantastic. A pretzel is kind of a pretzel, they were good, soft and all, but the provolone sauce simply exploded, man it was good, creamy and tasty, you should definitely try it. I ordered the fried chicken, which was delectable, it had a great but not overdone crunch, it was sweet and you could actually taste the spices, not just the taste of the fryer, you also get a lot of it, three big, juicy, tender pieces. It came with a side of mashed potatoes and gravy which was good enough, nothing special, but only had two bites in it, and two very small but scrumptious biscuits with honey. Dear Kristen had the shaved prime rib dip which was fine, a little disappointing I guess, just not much meat, the meat to bread ratio was severely lacking, and it came with fries which were very good. If you're really in the mood for a prime rib sandwich, head to Houston's.       I will be back here for sure. I paid for Kristen and I, plus the newly engaged couple, and including drinks and all food it only came to ninety eight dollars, that is a bargain for this atmosphere and the overall quality of the food and staff. It also only took us about an hour to get seated, eight people on a Friday night in Scottsdale with no reservations? How can you beat that. Culinary Dropout is simply awesome.
This palce is SO hit or miss, and unfortunately mostly miss.  I've given it more tries than any normal person would with so many terrible experiences.  Ben the owner is a nice guy with good intentions and that's why I keep coming.  But good intentions does not a good establishment make.  Good intentions and $1.25 will get you a ride on the bus, and that's about it.If ever I had the authority to give a place 1 star, this is the place.  Out of 6 times here, 2 have been decent at best and 4 absolutely horrible.  Most of the time there is barely any service in the bar, the bartender (and the waitresses as well) will just disappear for long stretches of time.  Don't be surprised to be overcharged for any particular drink.  Don't be surprised if you are sitting at one of the tables in the bar and you have to bus your own empties.  Don't be surprised if they run out of any type of beverage, food, glassware, or even change at the bar (seriously, how do you not stock change of a $20 bill?).  If you get a message on a Friday to check out Sunsets on the roofdeck, don't be surprised when you get there and the roof is closed (and I'm talking closed for a private party and not due to fire code violations).  Don't be surprised to be handed menus and then have no one take your order. . .for over an hour.  Don't be surprised when dining in the restaurant if something you ordered never shows up, or if an app or salad shows up after your entree.Ugh.  I allowed 4 strikes for C4, but now you're out for good.
My good friend Bacon (see review below) and his partner invited me to Sunday brunch. And going off of my first impression, I'm a fan of this place. I had one of their skillets--a poached egg, filet mignon, potatoes and shitake mushrooms. Filet. Mignon. Those words alone on a brunch menu is a rare occurrence. And I would not have thought to combine it with mushrooms I usually associate with stuff my Chinese mom cooked for us growing up. But the flavors really worked. The meat was just right, not fall-off-the-bone tender. The potatoes had flavor too. And it wasn't an insane portion. $10 for a meal that includes pieces of filet mignon--pretty good deal! In such an intimate--but not totally cramped--space, you can easily strike up a conversation with the owner/chef, hostess and any other staff. All three could not have been nicer while we were there. Also, love their taste in furniture and can't wait 'til the weather improves and the cool patio will be available. Also, let's hope that liquor license comes through soon!
Yummy.  I got a crepe with mushroom and swiss cheese, soooo good.  Shared an order of sweet potato fries, only thing missing was a delicious sauce to dip them in.  I like that they have the screen up where you can watch the crepes being made for you.  They have a small stage for evening performances.  They were having a comedian that night according to the host.  Good service along with good food, can't ask for much more than that.  I will be going back to try the fondue and different crepes.
3.5 stars.After we went to the movies it was dinner time so we went across the street to La Parilla Suiza.  We were greeted and seated and then about 10 mins went by before our server came to take a drink order.  Chips and salsa had been placed on the table but no water or drink orders taken.  Our server did not seem all that enthusiastic.  She seemed as though she was just going through the motions.  I told her it was our fist time there so she pointed out some house specialties and then went to get out drinks.  I saw they had chilequiles on the menu and I love them and not many places serve them.  When I placed my order our server seemed a bit suprised I didn't order one of the higher priced specialties.  Our food arrived and it was hot and the chilequiles were good.  We were never offered more chips and only checked on once during the meal.  The food was fine but the service was lacking, in my opinion.  If I was in the area again I would go back and give them another chance.  Everyone is entitled to a bad day.
I've been here 4 times. The first time I got their egg pizza. At first I was like, what? This is going to be weird...but it wasn't. It was absolutely delicious. Breakfast on a pizza? Soo tasty! And their beer selection is impressive! I just went there tonight and got their tasty reasonably-priced steak salad. As I expected it was quite good. The decor, ambience, food, people...really a great place.But the real reason it gets 5 stars? Because of Tom, the manager. Our steak salads came out well done instead of our requested "rare." Not only did he sit and chat with us for about 5 minutes, he comped the salad and gave us a coupon for next time! We were super impressed. We didn't expect that at all nor even think it was necessary since we're not the complaining-type of patrons. But Tom showed us that he cared about his customers and wants us to come back again and again. And we will! Groovy.
How did this way cool, dinky, unassuming, independently-run gem just sit there under my nose for two years without me wandering in there? I don't really have an excuse, and after venturing in there to grab some lunch to go today, I'm kicking myself for missing out for so long. Lowdown Cafe is located at a random, non-impressive intersection of 24th & Osborn*, with a McDonald's lording over the same corner. But don't let that fool you. Lowdown is a great change of pace once you're inside. First, the place is small - probably seating room for 14 customers max, but it's got a nice feel to it. Local art, bookshelf with reading materials, and light mostly coming from outside. Next, the food. The menu is mostly a whole assortment of wraps, plus some salads and the soup of the day, along with a few breakfast items. Each wrap comes with a bag of Sun Chips and will put you back around $5 - $6.50. I chose the rosemary chicken, which included roasted red pepper, grilled eggplant, arugula, tomatoes, onion, and balsamic (I eschewed the feta for obvious reasons). The lady who's working there (she looked like the owner) took my order and proceeded to make my order along with the ones before mine. Now, the tag line of Lowdown Cafe is "For the low tech lifestyle" and after reading Sarah K's review it all makes sense. The place should be called "Slowdown Cafe" because that's exactly what I was feeling. Sure, the owner was busy prepping all the wraps, but she wasn't rushing and maniacally trying to get each order out under 2 minutes. I immediately started regretting that *I* was in a rush and had to get my order to take back to the office. Because, in all truth, I just wanted to sit there and relax with my food, and not think about, well, my high tech lifestyle for a while. So I stood there, telling myself to just chill out and take it easy. Who knew a little hole-in-the-wall that makes wraps  could put your life into perspective?As for the wrap itself, it was great. Just as good as some of the ones I've had at That's A Wrap and maybe even better. I also enjoyed a rich, dense, and chewy chocolate chip cookie. Good stuff, I tell you. The downside of this place is it's breakfast and lunch only (open 7-3 weekdays, 8-2 on Saturdays), but I'll deal with that and come here whenever I can. So 4 stars for now, hopefully more star wattage when I try some of the other wraps. Definitely recommended (but not if you're in a hurry).-----------------------------* not sure if Lowdown moved from it's original location on 24th Street (which Sarah reviewed) or if there are actually 2 of them...would need to confirm this. Looks like another trip "to investigate" is in order!
OMG OMG OMG...This was some seriously good grub!  We had a party of 30 tonight on the patio and the staff was amazing.  They were helpful setting up the party and sosososo accommodating.  The chef actually called to apologize that they couldn't make something.We ordered several kinds of Bruchetta...the Apple and Brie with Fig Jam was KILLER, the traditional tomato and basil one was so tasty it was like it was just out of the garden, there was a steak with horseradish sauce that was out of this world.  We also had calamari fried, wings and hummus which were all top notch.  Where they get their bread...I need to know!There were so many excellent wines to choose from, the water was even good as well and was served in a quaint old fashioned milk bottle.On the patio there was a musician who played a guitar and sang who is worth going back for alone!The place is well appointed has cool art, comfy seating  and nice bathrooms too...I can not say enough...you must go to 5th and Wine!
came here to watch a game in the bar...the waitress was super sweet and drinks were poured heavy and were quite tasty, but it took us forever to get our food. there were people that ordered way after we did that got their food before we did... thanks goodness for the chips and salsa!!great atmosphere for a lot of people and the patio is nice and big!! would love to come back again to give it another chance!
Remember moments from Seinfeld when Elaine and George had run-ins at the corner Jewish bakery with chocolate babka and marble rye?   Well, that experience (minus the neuroticism) can be had here in Phoenix at Karsh's. No need to go to Scottsdale or New York.  I've gone for breakfast for pastries and have been pleasantly surprised with the cookies, cakes, pies, cupcakes and bread.  The feel is just as similar.  Small digs with number pulls (the Now Serving sign is probably the oldest one I've ever seen!) and brick surroundings just like the Seinfeld TV show.  I've seen little New York Jewish ladies (ala Mrs. Costanza) inside gab, gloat and do "cawfee tawk" about the wonders of Karsh's.The black and white cookie is amazing as Curtis states.  But the other few items we had (muffins and eclairs) were just as heavenly. The black and white cookies were decorated this month in Suns garb (Go Suns!), the cinnamon rolls were good, and the cupcakes were so good and moist to give Tammie Coe cupcakes a run for their money. Also, some items are noted "pareve" for those who are lactose intolerant, and there are quite a few items. But best of all, the bagels were terrific.  Enough to give you a second thought on your Einstein or Brueggers chain bagels you're feeding to others.
Completely remodeled! So bright and open! Love it! The burger was great as usual. The condiment bar was clean with lots of fresh veggies and peppers and other fun things to top your burger. The new soda machines are so much better than the dirty fountain ones they used to have with the yucky drains. The fries are the best part. They have an amazing seasoning on them that I just can't seem to get enough of. The price... Under $10! for a burger/fries/and drink!!!! Just can't beat that. I had strayed from Fudd's for a while and now I will return all the time. What a drastic improvement. I am going back for nachos soon. They really have the best nachos, despite being an appetizer, they are  whole meal they are so huge and have so much yummy goodness on them! I also love the buffalo chicken sandwich. It is a little more money than the burgers but worth it and you can pick either fried chicken or grilled. Ok, enough ranting about how amazing this location is now with the remodel. But really, it does not look like the same place!!!!
This happens occasionally, too. Heidi E. and I are friends, but sometimes friends don't agree. Maybe it's a matter of different tastes, or even different experiences, who knows, but I have a very different take on Med House.I've been eating at Mediterranean House regularly for the last 6 or 7 years. Started with a group of business friends for occasional lunches, then for dinners with my partner, and now it's a couple times a month for take out. (Have to say I prefer take-out for a few reasons: convenient, neighborhood spot; food travels well; only beer + wine when dining in.)I find the food here to generally be great - though not always consistent, have had one or two just so-so dinners. That said, when the kitchen is on, the food can be spectacular. We usually order the same few dishes - one of the chicken plates and the gyros platter. My favorite chicken plate is the Olympic Chicken, which is grilled chicken breast with a really delicious black olive sauce. The Moroccan Chicken is also really good, and maybe a little healthier with it's herbed breasts, honey-yogurt sauce and side of carrots, apple and spinach (which is not cooked, just shredded, but surprisingly good.) If you want rich flavor, go for the Egyptian Chicken, which is pan-fried in parmesan cheese and herbs. If you want spicy, go for the Chicken Shushka, which is more stew-like, flavored with lots of paprika. The Gyros platter is a standard favorite, though Med House does it a little different. No shredded lamb here - instead, you get 4 long pieces of juicy, tender meat. I think the quality is better this way, and it makes for a nice dinner presentation. Pita and house-made yogurt-cucumber sauce are still the perfect accompaniments, and If you like spicy, ask for the spicy green sauce - some kind of minced hot green peppers - the flavors match the gyros meat perfectly.Hummus and Baba Ganouj appetizers are just OK, I suggest the Lentil soup instead - vegetarian, made from scratch, delicious and hearty. Salad is OK as well - dressing can be a little too citrus-y or vinegar-y for my taste, but always fresh feta and crisp veggies. Love the rice pilaf, with almonds and apricots, and the 2 pasta sides - fettucine with creamed spinach or angel hair pasta with sundried tomato and feta - both are rich with flavor.If you're interested in trying Mediterranean House, I suggest sooner rather than later, as the strip mall where they're located may be seeing some major changes. The building owner has told tenants he'll not be guaranteeing any leases, and most tenants are already gone. Unfortunately, if Med House loses their lease, they may not reopen at all. I'm pretty sad about that, and a couple nights a month I'm sure my stomach and taste buds will be, too.
Came with parents on the last sunday I spent with them in Arizona. Pluses:- Spacious parking lot- Fast seating and Courteous staff. seriously, all of them were so friendly and definitely worked to keep their customers happy.- Food is amazing and comes in generous portions (always the best)! They are really generous about specific requests you have with your order. - meats are cooked just right. you know when you ask medium rare for something but they cook it medium or medium well?? yeah, none of that!- They congratulate birthdays/anniversaries with a free desert/candle. it's sooo cute and sooo good. We got a huge slice of cheesecake. By this time our stomachs were literally about to explode.Why it's not a 5?- They have an open kitchen and although it's not that big of a deal (since you get to see what foods they serve for future reference), im just not a big fan of it- Lighting is too dim for me. Yeah, it sets the mood but it doesn't have to be thaaat dark
